Whatever we can do to unite the people. Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
@opinionchecks @SCunny01 @RobbieM22534350 @spreckles @ScottPresler @WolfeGlenda @realDonaldTrump You must work for CNN. You are a master at spin. Seriously, everyone who is ever in charge of classified data should just say how stupid they are after losing it and they will be free of all charges. 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
3M Cuts More Jobs as U.S. Demand Falls 
Almost half of the $1.5 billion in Venezuelan crude exported to India in the nine months after U.S. sanctions was purchased by an Indian joint venture with Russia’s oil giant, Rosneft, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis 
Trump administration officials and their allies in Venezuela seek to exculpate themselves by blaming Putin for their failure to oust Maduro. via 
😂 Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
The rate of change in both "annual deficits" &amp; "total debt" are staggering to say the least. Knowingly or not...this is a version of MMT with the FED now monetizing US debt at a record pace. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
New Study Finds Staring Out From Balcony With Best Friends Strongest Indicator That This Your City, Your Time 
⁦@TammySueBakker⁩ The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
It’s the ... or is it...? Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected areas 
Well said. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
Another Supreme Court Win! Great to see the activist judges and courts neutered by the SCOTUS! Gorsuch and Thomas Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
#Earthquakes, #CoronaViruses, and finally, A rainbow!!!!! 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - #immigration #migrants #PublicChargeRule #PublicCharge #SupremeCourt 
I usually don't post #satire, especially from , but this... 
Satire Tweet #4 () "Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land" 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
@TOPublicHealth Maybe the Purchased Competing Satire media Sites in Canada also only a idiot would believe govt funded news sites all propaganda BS and they also support Iranian terrorists 
Trump didn’t have the legal authority to put on hold millions of dollars in security assistance to Ukraine, Congress’s nonpartisan watchdog found. via #BoltonBombshell #BoltonMustTestify 
Iowa Voters in Obama-Trump County ‘Open-minded’ About 2020 Election #video #news #klout 
Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan - 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports (Wall Street Journal) 
How Cognitive Technologies Can Transform DSNs #BigData #businessanalytics via 
This is epic! 
Trump Suffering Horrible Indigestion After Eating Fresh, Well-Prepared State Dinner Meal | 
@NASAGoddard At this point, it’s a race for second-best summer intern at NASA, writes Mike Kerrigan via 
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would 
Two other reporters uncovered the deadly conflict of interest: TUV SUD worked as both a consultant and safety evaluator for Vale. It felt pressure to certify the dam as safe in order to not lose its lucrative work as consultant. 
He’s been sharing the gospel like a motherfucker the entire time he’s been alive through all 3 marriages. Lets remember that Jim Bakker is a convicted felon and rapist. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@WayneBrady ... did it in 2000. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
“The courts have never ruled on a dispute quite like this between the executive and legislative branches, and they may decide to stay out of it” #ImpeachmentTrial #Bolton 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial Cue the snoring. 
The #holiewudbubbledwellers do it again! It was said @TheView's joy behar was happy. @greggutfeld and were happy to hear the good news. 
Western Investors Are Shark Bait in China’s $1.4 Trillion Bad-Debt Ocean - 
It's pub day! Here's the piece I have in . Sorry about the paywall. 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys #humor #reality 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths | via ProAI 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
This is fine. 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Residential developments are rising on the sites of former media companies via 
With his $2.5 million buy in CA and TX, Bernie Sanders becomes the first non-billionaire to spend big on TV in any Super Tuesday state. 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Satire Tweet 3 () "Washboard Player In Jug Band Tired Of Spoons Guy Getting All The Chicks" 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Professor Sigal Barsade spoke with 's @RachelFeintzeig about why younger #workers are feeling lonelier at the #office than their older counterparts 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
@pigneedle Trump did not run a popular vote campaign so how did HRC “win” this irrelevant metric. SuperBowl won by total yards gained? No. 
#ThisIsAmerica #NoOneIsAboveTheLaw #BoltonBombshell McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape #Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via #CoronaVirus 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
The man is clearly unfit for congress 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
Text messages that Jeff Bezos’ girlfriend provided to her brother are among the materials prosecutors are reviewing as part of an extortion probe via 
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans 
Not enough #AI talent? Companies that re-skill workers see much bigger impact from AI efforts than those that don't. 
Because “Only over the last 250 years, the period over which capitalism has flourished, have a large number of people—in the billions— overcome poverty.” 
The new Outback includes tech that allows you to catch up on texts and calls at stop lights. Auto columnist Dan Neil takes this city-slick Subaru for a spin. 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak 
Gorsuch - “the in­creas­ingly com­mon prac­tice of trial courts or­der­ing re­lief that transcends the cases be­fore them. . . these or­ders share the same flaw—they di­rect how the de­fen­dant must act to­ward per­sons who are not par­ties to the case.” 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. Attention ⁦@hillens⁩ ⁦@benjaminksacks⁩ ! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@mamasittalove @GOP @JaneyMurph They expect people with brains to believe this. He doesn't even pay his bills. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
@Keithph51198130 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The : The Pros and Cons of Using 12-Month Returns to Evaluate a Mutual Fund #Check6 #Check6Wealth #FinTech #WealthTech #WealthManagement #PlatformTechnology #OnlineWealthView #DataFeeds #DataFeedswithBanks #PrivateAssets #PrivateAssetsReport 
Amtrak’s plans to launch a new fleet of higher capacity Acela trains next year could be jeopardized by manufacturing and contract delays, the railroad’s inspector general warned in a report Thursday. via (Paywall) 
Which reminds me of.. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
How to ditch your boring suit: 
@BrandonBeckham_ @Brett_Ranger @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump You can't even make this stuff up. This is what televangelist like Jim Bakker are telling their flocks. Can't decide if it's the funniest thing I've heard all week or the most disappointing. 
Cannabis Carl 😂😊 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
#MobBossTrump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals via 
@Martin_Indyk: "Hard as it is for me to admit it, a two-state solution to the Palestinian problem is not a vital American interest." via 
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via 
Isn't it time to hear the voices of MDs and other clinicians in this #physicianburnout discussion? Feedback we all should read from the story on burnout. 
At last, some common sense sling control! 🙃🤡🤪 #2Amendment #GunControlNow #GunControl 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
@realdonaldtrump You make James Buchanan look like Abraham Lincoln. @GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
CNN and Ignorance via 
Close without CA approval!!This state is a joke. Nothing gets done. They will come around when consumers in every other state benefit from the merger. Is .@sprint a public utility,legally 🤔California Regulators a Potential Obstacle to T-Mobile, Sprint 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
Doing Business with Myanmar will become increasingly costly to foreign investors &amp; corporations. Transporting commercial sand to Singapore for the Tatmadaw-linked Myawaddy Trading is found illegal under #US sanctions against #Myanmar. #JusticeForRohingya 
Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters. Regional grocery chains get squeezed by consolidation. “I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed. 
Video-sharing app TikTok, popular for its whimsical content, is getting increasingly political 
Cat Dead Set On Finding Way Into Mirror 
Some countries could use guidance to justify decisions to allow Huawei’s technology in #5G equipment, while others might do the opposite, expert says via by @catstupp #EuropeanUnion 
Stocks Climb Ahead of Central-Bank Meetings 
Congratulations Sharmistha Dubey on the big promotion - Match Group is fortunate to have someone of her caliber lead the charge! Mandy Ginsberg - I wish you the best of health and hope to see you back in action soon! - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
‘Children of the Land’ comes out amid a broader conversation about authenticity in the literary world via @AlejandroLazo 
@brick_hausdorff One of my favorite articles of all time: 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
BREAKING: GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Merlo please Not burgundy 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Pompeo Clarifies Anyone In Country Can Listen In On Trump Administration Calls By Picking Up Phone, Dialing 9 
You know Mitch McConnell’s in the right when Democrats cry “cover-up”, SNL comedy skits place him in hell, and lame hashtags start trending on social platforms. @WJMcgurn nails it in this week’s Main Street: 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@realDonaldTrump "Both sides" of racist and antisemitic attacks and incidences is not a valid argument for peace and reconciliation. Your administration clearly has encouraged hatred and white supremacy, under the guise of nationalism: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
We all know @SenRickScott can afford it. After all, his company was involved in the largest Medicare Fraud scandal in US history. He let @AGPamBondi take a $25k bribe from Trump to avoid prosecution in exchange for an endorsement in 2018. 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
What to do, what to do? Hmm 🤔 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to and from mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via Biden was on Diplomatic Business with our Allies ! His Son was never under investigation!! You have Destroyed your checks and Balance on President ! Trump King ! Bow and worship ! Trump kids on US Payroll 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
Superman Criticized As Unrealistic For Portraying A Journalist As Heroic 
Reasons Abound for Markets to Worry About the Election - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news 
@baseballcrank Two things to read 1 @Peggynoonannyc : 2. @charlesmurray -“Coming Apart” When you don’t get what these two wrote, the spectacles like the CNN fiasco with @TheRickWilson just repeat the cycle 
@Jillian1008 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
Manufacturing conglomerate 3M, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort 
@TechnoHausFunkr @Maytag_Zach @Snowden The Soviets didn't murder millions of their own people? Did you even attend history class back in high school? At least 20 million people died at the hands of the Soviet government! That's double the number of people Hitler killed. 
I think Bolton is a MAGA but yes we should hear what he has to say GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - The Wall Street Journal 
.@MittRomney Busted With Contraband #ChocolateMilk Bottle on #USSenate Floor via &gt; #utpoli #bospoli #mapoli #dueprocess #dairy #evidence #witnesses #corruption #impeachment @SenateGOP 
Source of info: 2/2 #LetBoltonTestify 
@JesseKellyDC @PyronDonna I Love ! Use their App or Website 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
”All it takes to join the alt-right is to talk to somebody in the alt-right, and then you're officially in.” 
Johns Hopkins University Reimagines the M.B.A. - 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions #joke #comedy 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
4/5 High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
#Newcastle about to be bought by #MBS, aka Crown Prince Bone Saw of #SaudiArabia...? 
The #coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
The Fed Pretends to Listen - 
Not everything they publish is satire: Forgiving The Man Who Took My Family Hostage: The McGill Alexander Interview 
@ThomBTweets Preferable all round 
What a time to be alive, when a Christian satirical site offers the most perceptive takes on US politics. Boiled down to its essence, impeachment is nothing more than the losers from 2016 trying to change the result. 
Brings me to tears!! 😂 #TrumpIsADisgrace 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
@stephenfhayes Who cares? SCHUMER practically handed Ukraine/Crimea to Russia in his op-ed. THEN OBAMA was president when Russia accepted the offer and invaded! 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
“Premature scaling in a capital-intensive business is insanity,” @gsands said. After WeWork, real-estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth by 's @KonradPutzier: 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses”- 
They called him mad at the university!!! 
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Afghanistan Crash 
Narrator: He will have the votes by Friday. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Honestly I wouldn't disarm for money either. Would you? Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
“The Trump administration, confident Mr. Maduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions.” 
@chardunbar2 @sodangfancy22 Kushner was broke.... he couldn’t pay for 666 5th Avenue building. Guess who lend him $$$$? SOROS and Saudi Arabia prince. But, suuuuuuure hunter Biden is the problem. 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via 
When is Boston U ever going to provide their outstanding alum an Honorary PhD degrees in Political Economy, History and Russian Studies? SEE AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Civil Whites Movement 
@jinngaa @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
It takes more than just offering someone a job - understanding the barriers a person faces outside of work and addressing those is key: #workforce #development 
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
: 6941b164-8952-4e6d-a5f8-bbe6bb6b71b6 
I agree with this endorsement. No other person can better symbolize the Democrats need for attention over doing any worthwhile representation of their constituency. 🤣 
Sometimes the best management is no management at all. 
"I don’t expect such analyses will be free of controversy." is an understatement... 
@Stewey444 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The Trump campaign's push for attention from local media reveals a strategic goal: to shift focus of coverage in as many places as possible away from events dominating national media, like the impeachment trial 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
"Cisco is thinking outside the box—its own, to be exact." 
@Jiao_Lab now all over the news. Here: 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Props to @MittRomney for getting caught with @BYU creamery chocolate milk today! if you’re gonna get busted on the Senate floor, do it with the gold standard! #byu 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Elite American M.B.A. programs report steep drops in interest as international students opt for universities in Europe and Canada via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing #Satire Site #CNN | 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Toomey Suggests Witness Trade at GOP Lunch via 
@JudgeCarter Yes, we are thankful,that the Republicans will be voted out of office soon. You forgot to mention the National Debt you ass. 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via @realDonaldTrump 
Executives Try to Assess Financial Impact of Coronavirus Measures 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child . 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
Report: Everyone Starting New Exciting Stage Of Life Except You 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway Lol,way to go... 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads - 
LATEST: Mitch McConnell says Republicans do not have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
Entire Meal Consumed While Testing If It Needs More Time In Microwave 
Nadler said we can't trust the nest election because there's no guarantee... Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
@lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @SONADORLIVESON @808constituent @jdd2169 @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @Michael16862235 @QuareFellas @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge Checkmate Lou. 
Blocking would-be immigrants likely to be a public charge has been policy since even before Ellis Island. High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules 
Another great @wjmcgurn column. It ends: "But sneering hashtags, 'Saturday Night Live' skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them." 
Had many a great time during my journalism days covering SAP conferences in London, Orlando and elsewhere 
@RuroninSC @LeeHolly81 @realDonaldTrump @maggieNYT Like I said, there are individuals who disagree. 
President Trump's Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents 
Trump's Tariff Threat to China Hits Global Markets 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. #CoronaOutbreak 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Apple is dead set on keeping its costs low. For that, it deploys ‘the Blevinator’. Tony Blevins, master negotiator &amp; strategist 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead #comedy #people 
Iran leaders seek to heal rifts after lies over crash. At last they dig the need! 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor Satire 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
This post will also be a multiple tweet type thing... In grad school (thank you to my fav professor Marilyn Cohen), we studied the image of the woman in the 50's/60's film and their mink/fur coats. It was such a status symbol for the American housewife... 
Democrats Call For Flags To Be Flown At Half-Mast To Grieve Death Of Soleimani 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Big, if true McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth #SmartNews 
The Boeing 747 Turns 50 
Treasury Yields Fall After Fed Decision 
Taylor Swift Releases New Song 'I Kissed A Girl And You'll Like It Or Else You're A Disgusting Bigot' | 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Tomorrow is ⁦@Boeing⁩ Earnings. 
Sadly, this is true. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😂😂 But Schiffty, Nadler Dumpty, and Nervous Nancy are tampering with the 2020 election. That's what this Schiff Show is all about. 
@Ryan_Mahoney @candicebroce Wait. YOU were the one mentioned in ! 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to and from mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread. #coronavirus #BritishAirways #JohnDalyNews 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
@JimBakkerShow Tammy may have believed you with that #Bullshit. But we don't. #HasBeen #AnotherTrumpsFelons 
The city's initiative to help public schools in high-poverty areas had no effect on students’ state test scores in reading and little effect in math, but absenteeism declined and graduation rates rose 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) #MAGA #TRUMP 
The boom in industrial real estate is losing steam, although vacancy rates remaining historically low, a new study shows via 
Progress. “This weekend, when twelve inches of snow fell, I swallowed my pride and handed my wife the snow shovel.” 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
: 74836fbf-617d-4fb3-8ac8-9be04ee94004 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Notice last time this was tried was after WII. Policy will become more and more extreme. These markets won’t tolerate is higher rates, and for a reason: excessive debt burden. via 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via @huawei @UK #UK #5g #wireless #mobile #cellular #wirelessdata 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Today, the #CBO indicated the federal deficit for this year will exceed $1 Trillion and the federal #debt is projected to reach 98% of GDP by 2030. This is fiscal insanity and unacceptable. 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic #ImpeachmentTrial After Realizing It's #TacoTuesday 🌮 
Officials have said Israelis and Palestinians won’t be forced to leave their homes as *Israel expands its borders*. 
This is the best headline has put out in a while. 
He says he got the idea from his dad; that explains where most other bozo got their goals for life... 
.Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Please God, tell me this is a parody article. But I am ROFLMAO. 
Could just as easily be The Financial times, eh? 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - via @retailwire #retail @Apple 
Churches Struggle With Mental Health in the Ranks: 
OMG LOL 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
'Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science' by @charlesmurray via 
@StillKicking62 @AEA @SenJohnBarrasso @SenRonJohnson @GrassleyPress @irs The problem is that Republicans want to screw over America in any way they can. If you are conservative, you will vote for the Democrat in 2020. 
@BerningAtheist @Bern4prez1 That's a good idea. I'm going to take a photo of all the Sanders caucus cards and keep it if we need it. Here is a bit about our state's stroke of genius. Ugh 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | Reminder for the timid- this is #satire and it’s darn funny! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 #Socialism #DemocraticParty #Communism 
@rob_strifeheart @banalplay st.paul says your wrong, and he wrote the bible 
‘Black Wave’ Review: Islam Against Itself Saudi Arabia, Iran and the 40-year rivalry that unraveled culture, religion and collective memory in the Middle East Ms. Ghattas, a Lebanese-born journalist lays out a story that whispers: We did it to ourselves. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
The Tax Increases to Come, by Candidate via 
Very torn with my choice in online news now...I read this from And wonder what the author is truly thinking? #smokinggun #ImpeachmentTrials 
Old #rulers are afraid of the growing group #young people. Uganda installed camera’s everywhere ‘to fight crime’. #Worrying, as China can experiment there with facial recognition #cctv 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes. 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
“We’re a 25-year-old company going through a major shift in some of our products and services, so we're looking for younger workers to help with that,” - Vincent Dawkins, @enertiasoftware #onthepath #enrichinglives #itcareers #techtalent 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Devin Archer, Hunter Biden - Burisma Board Christopher Heinz, Senator John Kerry Stepson Chris Heinz, college roommate Devin Archer Devin Archer, Chris Heinz, Hunter Biden investment firm; Rosemont Seneca Partners @JoeBiden , @JohnKerry 🛏️ No wonder 
We talked to Blair Underwood about how he drew inspiration for his role in the play “A Soldier’s Play” from his father, how it compares to playing Othello and why he thinks the play makes so much sense in 2020. 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 1) As a Floridian, I can honestly say, after living through your vile attacks on Sen Nelson, this gutter level attack on the Bidens, is not only disturbing, but it's repulsive. 
For those of you interested in combating the very hegemonic idea of the "living constitution", this is a welcome respite. 
Truth 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] THIS REALLY SUCKS. SHOCKING REVELATION. Really screws up my New Year's Eve plans for 2099. 
Bolton Claim Ties Trump to Aid Freeze 
Gardner, McSally and Tillis “warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, people familiar with the matter said. The senators said a drawn-out trial could lead to more Democratic attacks and hurt their re-election chances” 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did - 
"It's something you can't see, but it really can rapidly change people's behavior." Gripping podcast about the day Wuhan was locked down to stop the #CoronaOutbreak spreading, feat. @ByShanLi @stefaniei 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
This is why the Dems lose. They simply DO NOT KNOW how to clap back. ALLL the S*** that this man's 3 corrupt children are involved in When you are as dirty as daddy Barker and those 3 of his, BRING IT ON! @JoeBiden 
If you want to have impact, you have to operate different. Nehemiah has been doing that for a decade and has created tremendous opportunity for folks in Cincy (and now beyond b/c this article will inspire others). The Company of Second Chances 
.@MaximColch: UK Allows #Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump; Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite US security concerns. 
Ka-Boom “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting” 
@BennyBludworth @jose__carbajal_ @malavemark @strathglass7982 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Maybe we will be hearing from Bolton afterall... Time to pucker up sport. 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume @ralphnortham...how about a moon walk too 😂😂😂 
» 'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
Democrats Warn That American "People" May Tamper With Next Election. #VoterID #DemocratVoterFraud 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump 
CNN and Ignorance via 
For those that are confused about what AR stands for I will break it down for you. “Awesome Rifle” 
@alannarizzo Experts 
HAHAHA!! On difference between these two is Babylon Bee is actually funny! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Astounded To Learn Anyone Takes Her Seriously 
Breaking news from . "Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election" 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
Charles Lieber, ⁦@Harvard prof,⁩ allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Unreal. 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Figures. :) 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 😂😂😂 
If you left college without reading Shakespeare, you don't have an English degree. @wjmcgurn via 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
Globalism Today is accomplished with Socialism and Big Government Fiscal Slow Growth High Taxes Fiscal Statism Bad Economy ‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder 
The U.S. is screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Glad this guy will not have to testify at #TrumpsRemovalTrial LOL 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #JohnBoltonMustTestify 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
“If you want to know what a Trump second term would be like without a GOP House or Senate, think Richard Nixon in 1974...” Um, you know how Nixon’s second term ended, right? 
Great acceptance of reality from #AKK that will hopefully take hold in German politics #germany #NATO #defense #EU @wrmead via 
@IvankaTrump @SBAgov Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
@joncoopertweets This is a good sign that public opinion is pushing @SenateGOP members in the honorable direction in spite of themselves. 
Trumponomics! 
BIG DONALD TRUMP LEGAL TEAM ENERGY 
Res ipsa loquitur: CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses McConnell told Republicans the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be...He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count via 
Once again, is the most trusted news resource that you can trust with your news. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@realDonaldTrump Interesting...stay tuned. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via 
The deportation of an Iranian student who held a valid visa to study in Boston has cast further scrutiny on the practices of immigration authorities 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@RepAdamSchiff BREAKING: 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
OH NO THEY DIDN'T? OH YES, THEY DID! 🤣😂👍 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
BREAKING: Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, after his legal team concluded its defense presentation. - 'GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses' 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
Poll Shows Increasing Number Of Voters Blame Founding Fathers For Starting America 
@SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @AngrierWHStaff @gtconway3d Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
3rd source: GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Aw, shucks 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
📆Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
Trump Disapproval Rating Reaches All-Time None Of This Matters | 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
A trove of government data offers a granular look at the financial health of the nation’s college graduates (and shows which college degrees are instantly paying off). 
The chopper wasn’t equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system, or TAWS, which could have provided critical information to the pilot about the mountainous area. 
Mad props to the #GoogleOrchestra and to ⁦@sanbeiji⁩ for killin' it on double bass! 🎼🎸 We need a SV 'Battle of the orchestras' next 😂 
From opinion: The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler 
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. 
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, addressed their colleagues in the meeting. 
你鹦 先行一步British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 🤥🤥🤥🤥 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters - 
I'm reading this article. @SenMcSallyAZ is one of my senators. She's mentioned along with Gardner and Tillis. "Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman." 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . This is the lost touching news I’ve read all day. 
I don't claim to be a deficit hawk, but having 1 trillion plus deficits for over a decade and debt equal to 98% of GDP is way overboard. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
AirPods are a hot item among the tween and under set. How young is too young for an easy-to-lose luxury good? via #AirPods 
A decade ago, ‘the fight was against one man,’ says one observer. ‘Now it’s against the entire system.’ #lebanon 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. vía 
The chapter 11 filing by the operator of Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, follows the bankruptcies of several family-friendly and casual-dining chains including Marie Callender’s and Houlihan’s Restaurant + Bar. Story by @sparkyrandles 
"Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses." via #AZSEN 
"[Chuck Schumer] doesn’t want witnesses any more than Republicans do—certainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Republicans to do the dirty work of voting down witnesses so he can shout coverup from here to November." via 
@NikkiBirnks @kathy_markovich @iamstaceylynn What’s really sad is that the is satire, and yet in this time so many people believe this could be true. 😥🥴 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
We have to revisit the Bee of months past, after Tusli Gabbards announces her law suit against HRC. 👀 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@BizarroNot @GOP except... 
Report: Satire Is Great, As Long As It Never Targets Any Of My Own Beliefs 
Review: Gwyneth Paltrow’s Netflix project is more informercial for her semi-notorious lifestyle brand than a show 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders #SmartNews 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@jacob_shairs You're lucky you got to meet her while you still could: 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
“When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with." 
😆😆😆 Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Well, alrighty then. // 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@DarleneNoNumber @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ #joke #article 
#Harvard Charles Lieber allegedly lied to #DefenseDepartment, #NIH #NationalInstitutesofHealth about #Chinese government funding 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Home Prices Continued to Climb in November 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right LOL. Compared to her, he was! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Of course, @ProperOpinion knows what the all-time greatest article is: 
Weak sauce. Virus is transmitted ahead of symptoms (which take 6 to 14 days to develop)&gt;&gt; U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus 
The Treasury Department blacklisted four foreign companies for allegedly supporting and facilitating Iran’s petrochemical and petroleum exports—among the latest efforts by Washington to pressure Tehran via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
@Apple never stop disappointing - Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Does this even matter? In a time when ageism is a real problem in the industry, we have to be careful not to inadvertently create stereotypes. 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via 
The difference between #FakeNews and #Satire....Satire has more #truth. In Major Deal, The @babylonbee Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades.Sad critics react same w/all 45 actions “we always do XXX” no new ideas 
Fifth time's the charm? Fed may again tweak a key interest rate as it again tries to get another rate it cares about to trade near the middle of a range for rates for a small market where banks borrow and lend reserves. Got that? 
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. via 
Looking forward to hearing from whistleblower, Hunter and Joe Biden, and Schiff. Going to have to be reciprocal. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
20 years ago this week from : Catchphrases That Never Caught On 
Report: Smart Car Terrible For Doughnuts 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Supermarkets are adding highly automated micro=fulfillment centers to tap into the fast-growing grocery delivery market. via 
A lot of discussion remains to be had on #AI regulations and how we go about formalizing a framework for it. Nonetheless, it is extremely encouraging for fellow CEOs to voice their advocacy for it: 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@RepAdamSchiff We cannot risk leaving this next election in the hands of the American people!! 
New CDC guidance on #coronavirus 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Analysts suspect the actual number of infected is thousands higher than the currently confirmed 1,400. The lesson of 1918 is that secrecy can kill. Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster. 
Cant wait for the fact check 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@StillKicking62 @AEA @SenJohnBarrasso @SenRonJohnson @GrassleyPress @irs If you are conservative, you'll vote for the Democrat in 2020. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
editorial: John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. "This doesn’t require testifying to the Senate. Mr. Bolton could do it in a public statement, a TV interview, or an op-ed in this publication. Our editors are standing by." via 
'Facebook ... figured out the average person spends 1.7 seconds looking at Newsfeed posts on mobile devices, so S4 helped its client L’Oréal create 2-second makeup ads' via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Amazing Parody Commentary on KellyAnne Conway. 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
@Reuters @AmbJohnBolton @senatemajldr @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @SpeakerPelosi @SenateGOP @NRO @business @thehill @cspan @rollcall McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Omg this is hilarious, honestly if you need a laugh and a break from all this ...read the article...this would have required that believers drink more than just kool-aid ! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Different spin on @SAP latest Q story: 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' Instateacide? 
"...the population we were hiring who had criminal backgrounds were our most loyal people...When we were looking for people to work overtime, come in on Saturday or go that extra mile, it was the second-chance population that was saying, 'I'm in.'" 
What happened to the Middle East? Ms. Ghat­tas, a Lebanese-born jour­nalist who has worked for the BBC and the Fi­nan­cial Times, lays out a story that whis­pers: We did it to our­selves. | Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat Love it! 
"It’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself." Do you remove the flesh from an avocado with a knife? A trip to the ER might be in your future. 
@AliceAvizandum Either of these two, although I guess the clickhole one isn't exactly a headline. 
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV Why is trump making the plan....why not middleeast countries 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
This is EXACTLY WHAT Demoncrats are working against -- American Voters colluding to Vote in a false president in 2020 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Netflix is developing a live-action series based on 'The Legend of Zelda': via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Hell Fucking YEAH!!! 
SERIOUSLY?? NOT EVEN GOD BELIEVES THAT!! HOW SICK ARE THESES EVANGELICALS?? MIGHTY! ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
More brilliance from #Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
If I had an AR-15, I’d definitely update to this new, more lethal model. New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
On This Day In History: January 21, 1981 
@AlecStapp @EconTalker @Snowden Missed this one on the question a couple days ago, from @andykessler: 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard 
Aus der Defensive. #AKK: "We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.” 
The SEC has identified some strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch 
There was no player held in higher esteem by today’s NBA players than Kobe Bryant 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker . MORON ALERT 
Why Democracy Is Troubled (and How to Fix It) 
the store must have #malchusswungfirst and #peterswungfirst tshirt options 
markets: Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
“Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year and is projected to reach 98% by 2030.” 
@ClaraJeffery Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Stormy must have been spanking Trump with one of those Gideon Bibles. 🤔 
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting via 
: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Now that @BernieSanders is a member of the "Alt-Right," I guess everyone in the world is Alt-Right except #SocialJusticeWarriors: CC: @shoe0nhead @joerogan 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
Capital spending is still anemic @jdlahart 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Corona virus 
Harvard Spy Game. Charles Lieber lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding millions via 
"Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities" Smart video catches how "agglomeration" works, with a focus on NYC @aaronzitner @davidmlanham 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
@1776AmericaUSA @cjdtwit is a satire site. 
From the you would wonder you live in a surreal country. 
I am safe in a coronavirus-free-zone! 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever What?! Love Babylon Bee 
To sur­prise of many, given the dis­may that greeted #Trump’s elec­tion; &amp; to my own sur­prise, given my view that Trump was under-qualified, I think he’s been a suc­cess. His style grates, but he’s been a good pres­i­dent ~ Former PM of #Australia 
Did Jim Baker really say "Trump was just sharing the gospal with that porn star" ? You know the one he paid off?!?! Ugh I just cant 🙄😏😒 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
The John Bolton Report The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows. If Trump committed a crime, why didnt Bolton stay with the Trump admin? Why did Bolton wait? This is all so Bolton can sell books. The Bolton goose chase? 
Relaxation Guide For Stressful Times - 
Schumer Whiffs Impeachment - The most dangerous place for #Democrats is Chuck Schumer in front of a TV camera. #DNC #Shampeachment #wsj #foxnews #potus #tcot #bbcnews #c4news 
HAHAHAHAHA1 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Vacationing Uncle Posts Terse, Emotionless Facebook Update From Cruise Ship 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
REPOST: Magnified by the internet’s algorithms, our primitive biases make our fears go viral. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Rise of the #unitaskers, guacamole edition. Or... just use a spoon? 🤔 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #satire 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
RIP Harvard Professor Clayton M. Christensen Turned His Life Into a Case Study 
How to make your job application robot proof! "Job seekers often spend hours online researching employers and polishing their applications and résumés. Then they hit send. And they hear nothing. Ever." #hiring #recruitment #resumes #employers 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread via 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
Good article. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Seems legit 😅😂🤣 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
It's one thing to hire formerly incarcerated people. It's another to position them for success. Great story about how Ohio's Nehemiah Manufacturing is doing just that and rebuilding lives. 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
In markets where lawmakers are not enacting or pushing for rent rules, building prices have remained at peak levels via ⁦@PeterGrantwsj⁩, ⁦@_willparker_⁩ 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
That’s OUTRAGEOUS ‼️ It’s time for @GOP voters to stampede in front of all @GOP offices throughout the USA 🇺🇸 and let them know you won’t take it‼️ C’mon The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Jesus würde sicher hinter dem 2%-Ziel stehen. Asked what gives her the self-confidence to undertake such a dramatic reshaping of Germany’s approach to the world, AKK highlights her faith. “It helps me to know that there is God and that I trust in God,” 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 
Prince Mo­hammed’s se­cu­rity ad­viser, Mu­said al Aiban, had al­ready frozen the data-cen­ter deal b/c Ama­zon wouldn’t al­low Saudi in­tel­li­gence &amp;law en­force­ment ac­cess to data as part of the dis­cussions, peo­ple fa­mil­iar with the mat­ter said. 
Subhan Allah. FBI concludes 15 year investigation on Muslims after finding Muslims having "beautiful culture". @ZaidZamanHamid @OryaMaqboolJan @MAbdullahGul @Shahidmasooddr @DrZakirN @Hafiz__S @CallSignMujahid @Faisals63208902 @Haqeeqat_TV @zarrarmalik 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
National Democrats made the conscious decision to sacrifice the presidential candidacy of Joe Biden when they first introduced their Articles of Impeachment. "Democrats ‘threw Joe Biden under the bus’" via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign #CNNfakeNews This CRAP is the reason that CNN's ratings SUCK! 
#Boeing’s fatal error was single data. What design processes and procedures will prevent such a grievous decision to be made in the future? #boeing737crash @AviationWeek @AirlineReporter 
.@Martin_Indyk: "Because the U.S. is Israel’s friend, we should encourage it to hold open" the chance of a two-state peace "by avoiding West Bank settlement construction or annexation that would make territorial compromise with the Palestinians impossible." 
Critics often blame today’s socialist surge on millennials’ laziness. Edward Glaeser argues that young people have radicalized politically because the modern American economy isn’t working all that well for them. via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden || Sorry I missed this yesterday. Believe Martin Luther would have gone with MLK 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
“If Hubei people must die, we should die knowing the reason.” China has tightened control of the media and public discourse—yet negative messages continue to get through. Smart piece from @Lingling_Wei. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@AliceAvizandum I can’t tell you how many times I’ve randomly thought of this one and laughed to the point of tears 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Things went really south when Bob insisted on anointing his fellow worshipers with Preparation H. 
Biographer @ScottEyman1 on the legendary salon of emigré Austrian screenwriter Salka Viertel: ‘The Sun and Her Stars’ Review: Weimar in Hollywood 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Josef Centeno’s cookbook “Amá” is a collection of stories, family recipes, and Los Angeles–infused takes on a highly mutable cuisine: 
When satire really isn't... 
“No more 10-12 hour hearings. With these monkeys, all the fecal projectiles will have been flung in under 30 minutes. One and done.” 
@haysjr9 the pundits of the day were tossing out witticisms to complete with Bill Clinton, who was very good at not being stumped by the press. "There's no there there" may have emerged during Ken Starr's Whitewater but apparently originated thusly: 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Hutchison and Mikulski: A Right to Choose Single-Sex Education - Wall Street Journal 
@JAHaluska @ChicagoCouncil The accepted term is The North. There were long debates about this years ago. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
How I love the satire of the Bee! Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Hillary Clinton: 'Nobody Wants to Work With' Bernie Sanders via 
Impeachment News: GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
"Women can get dinged for resisting gendered roles and risk being labeled as difficult, says Joan C. Williams... Meanwhile, men are asked less often to perform menial tasks and don’t face consequences when they decline." 
: f2a5f04a-ebcb-4709-be39-6cba974b4444 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
Global Supply Chains have long traded resilience for cost in China. It may be time to rethink that... via 
Trump Declares National Emergency After McDonald's Ice Cream Machine Breaks Again 
You can’t make this shit up: “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,” Explains Jim Bakker 
@Mazzy_Q @RepMikeJohnson @HouseDemocrats Shameful. 75% of Americans want #WitnessesAndDocuments but Republicans are having way too much fun wasting taxpayer money. They'll bankrupt America before they uphold their oaths of office. Shameful. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First | 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Some nuggets in here from me and @mgordonwsj on the Trump peace plan: the administration has lined up tentative support from at least some Arab states, Israel will have sovereignty over Jerusalem and the plan doesn't formally rule out a Palestinian state 
3/5 Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
“They came of age in the 2000s. Most are too young to remember the Chicago Bulls of the 1990s and the player he was always compared with. Kobe Bryant was their Michael Jordan.” 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over #China’s Wild #Animal Trade #coronavirus 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
The Gospel With That Porn Star,' ⁦@JimBakkerShow⁩ known from experience Jimmy 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
When I saw that LAPD had grounded their helicopters due to poor visibility at the time Kobe’s crashed, I was afraid this might be the explanation: it’s possible the pilot got disoriented and flew into the side of the hill. If true the tragedy is even worse 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus #article #comedy 
another classic 
Ukraine mention here! via 
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - 
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men via 
Today!!! (Arrested for alleged ties with China and Wuhan University of Technology) Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
In subsequent tweets, she detailed how "tragic" it was that Gabbard had broken her own kneecaps, stuck her feet in concrete, then tossed herself off the docks near a seedy warehouse. 😂😂😂 
: 6ad528ff-5fce-4af8-9c9f-7f0fe88be03f 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
You don’t have the votes 🎶 
Companies often look to AI to help them cut costs and increase productivity. However, the survey found that more advanced users focus their AI initiatives on revenue generation and growth opportunities. 
AND THEY WONDER WHY WE CALL THEM #FakeNews ... WHEN WERE ANY FUNDS "FROZEN"? 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Who could have warned us oh no 
THERE IS A GOD: "The move follows five straight years of declining applications to American M.B.A. programs, according to data from the nonprofit Graduate Management Admission Council, and a 14% drop in applications to Johns Hopkins over the same period." 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - #espionage #gilead #WuhanCoronovirus 
» Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
As Part Of Settlement With Nick Sandmann, CNN Hosts Must Wear MAGA Hats During All Broadcasts 
@senatemajldrCEBOOK Mitch Derangement, Syndrome Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her. Thank you, Senator McConnell. You are protecting the Constitution &amp; the balance of power between all three branches. So proud of you 
Read and share my op-ed in the @wsjournal today: 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
The scariest thing about the coronavirus is its incubation period-- you could have the bug for 14 days before you manifest symptoms! @DonkaMojovic 
I'm super excited for this show, even if it is PrObLeMaTiC #picard #startrek #satire #babylonbee 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
#Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of #ImpeachmentTrial &gt; @onSubverse @michaelmalice 
$NFLX Corrections &amp; Amplifications 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
Modi Defends India’s New Citizenship Law as Protests Persist - 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu drops his request for immunity from prosecution on corruption charges, setting the stage for a criminal trial 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
Fiction: Sam Sacks on “Hitting a Straight Lick With a Crooked Stick” by Zora Neale Hurston. via 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@Wurpy89 Unfortunately, 
Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The editorial board is calling on Amb. Bolton to tell all- even if it’s not on the Senate floor. 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
@jordanliles I like this one better. 
Sekulow reminds me of this classic piece from : 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Ultrasound Unable To Detect Heartbeat In New York State Legislators | 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes To Block Impeachment Witnesses” 
Chair of Harvard Chemistry Dep't. likely Chinese spy: 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
approaching the brilliance of the Babylon Bee with this one. “It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 
A Placebo for Pain Relief—Even When You Know It’s Not Real @wsj covers possible alternative to traditional pain medications 
The Universal/Disney IP plot thickens 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election." 
@michellemalkin This might explain Harvard's Chinese bias 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Sure. "Almost all human traits are partly heritable". First, soc. sciences must only replace its social determinism (Say, habitus) for a biological one (say gens). Then, eugenics. The dreams of Galton and Pearson via Dr. Mengele coming true on a Jan. 27th 
For First Time, J&amp;J CEO Testifies in a Talcum-Powder Court Case #tuckcc 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
Does Mitch McConnell really belong in hell? 
Sometimes the truth is satire. 
for the first time in a long time, I have some hope of course Trump and McConnell are going to twist arms but this was unthinkable a week ago imagine where the momentum could take us via 
UTC Risks Decision Fatigue in a Transformative Year 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
📰 "Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China" 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
: 0709ea57-637c-4a95-8cbc-f905d55e72f3 
Renault is planning to name former Volkswagen executive Luca de Meo as its chief executive at an extraordinary board meeting this week via 
How expansive has the relationship between tech companies and hospitals become? What are the implications of these mega partnerships? #healthdata #dataanalytics 
🤣 ok this is pretty funny 
The Wall Street Journal () interviews Michaela Ahlberg, a specialist in ethics and compliance, about how compliance programs can create a better business culture:  #Compliance #RegTech 
I'm not really one for the Babylon Bee; but this is clever. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Gotta love the Bee! 
Many smaller mining companies are hibernating to survive their industry’s downturn via 
Amid economic and political uncertainty—and mixed signals on consumer sentiment—the new year finds retail CFOs exercising caution when it comes to investments and expansion. via #Retail #CFO #riskmanagement #investments #capital #accounting 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Camp’s wife, who is three months #pregnant, was surprised by the gesture but honored that her #husband would be so forward-thinking as to allow her the privilege of completing a job traditionally reserved for men." 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
John Bolton, the former Trump national-security adviser, has unsettled his own Republican friends, who must decide whether he will play a potentially crucial role in the impeachment trial of President Trump by providing testimony 
Interesting Op Ed: The #coronavirus #outbreak proves it’s time to close #China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Joe Biden on GOP calls for his testimony: "This is all a game" 
Targets Credibility... 
Finally, someone focusing on what really matters 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
"The better-armed Germany AKK hopes to build would be a conservative force in international relations." #geopolitics 
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California @Athens4Cannabis 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #babylonbee #oscars #shiftyschiff #DemocratsHateAmerica 
Great to see @MELLODDY_IMI elevated in @Bayer's #federatedlearning initiatives! We're delighted to be a part of this project! #machinelearning #drugdiscovery 
@benfowlkesMMA Remember when he thought this was real? 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
MEESA HAVE TO POOPY 
To the barricades. 
Love this idea. Deep work. Deep break. Separate the activities into distinct flows to concentrate, reflect, share and rejuvenate. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Health Scare Prompts Man To Start Overeating Healthier 
First-Time #Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring Is the truth coming out, or by making a joke of it, are we being desensitized? Either way very interesting to see this fake news report 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
“Xi always has the option of very publicly sacking Li if the epidemic worsens…After years of marginalizing Li…it does seem convenient that he’s suddenly been thrust into the lead on arguably one of the biggest political tests in decades.” @judeblanchette 
When a satire sites decides "Fuck it - if Snopes, PoliticoFacts, etc keeps fact checking us, we might as well as start reporting real news" 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Romney sold out. Again. 
@garywhitta "We already know he's guilty and have made it clear we're okay with that, so why are you making us bored by proving it even more?" On the hope that enough of you are still capable of feeling shame that you flip on him, basically. Oh hey look 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@barneyfarmer @PhilipNByrne Running out of 'Good Old Days' to revive has been a real concern for many years and if we don't take urgent action now we might end up stuck in an eternal miserable present (which is where I've been all my life, coincidentally...). 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
(GASP!) 😲 Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
@SenSchumer You should be whining to your comrade Pelosi about that, Chuckie. This Schu-Schiff-Sham-Show is all due to her total incompetence. And just like the Kavanaugh hearings, the Mueller report, and the Mueller hearings, you will lose ... again. 
Poll Shows Increasing Number Of Voters Blame Founding Fathers For Starting America&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; 
Capital One Hack Hits the Reputation of a Tech-Savvy Bank 
After months of waiting, the Trump administration unveils its Israeli-Palestinian plan on a day when Trump is on trial in the Senate and Netanyahu has an indictment filed against him on three corruption cases. 
@senatemajldr Say @GOPSenate Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses Translation: @GOPSenate will call Obama, Clinton, Bidens, Schiff, and other distractors. Justice Roberts will be challenged. 
@NaithanJones It’s evolving: 
#Republicans fear #Biden so much they're trying to turn the primary #GOP #Biden2020 #BidenHarris2020 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
My new best friend! 
@GOP pissing away our future. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
A tie up between the bankrupt milk producing giant Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America would likely help stablize the US dairy industry at the further expense of small farms. Low prices are easy for verticle conglomerates, not for the local guys. 
dry commentary on #Salvini, with one minor misunderstanding. Italy is not "abandoning pro-growth economics", it's enacting ANTI growth economics. That helps Salvini, since even the absence of legislation bets current occupants. 
Heightened US security focus on Iranian Travelers @GlobalCRL @hand 
Whatever he was sharing was a mere $135,000. 
Liberals say Sanders' acceptance of Rogan endorsement sends a dangerous message he's trying to win the election. Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The John Bolton Report - If he has any honor he will do this. 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
#ILeftTheGOP because they just keep lying. Trump claims he's brought new voters to the GOP “by the millions,” but the evidence is uneven to support that. 
Targets Credibility... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus #iasen 
What About Being Predestined Safe on the Bases? 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor より 
@VonnieCalland @kathy_markovich @Angelaxg5504 It's a parody site: 
Why don't we see more tech PE buyouts of Series A/B companies that never reached their full potential, or even pre-breakout? 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger - 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
If there WAS a god, we wouldn't be hearing from dipshit conman, Jim Bakker! 
gets it: 
So ummm... how come she could describe his 'mushroom? 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Really well-written piece about fair chance hiring by ⁦⁦@RSimon18. Note the high retention rates and support that is available. 
@GeoffRBennett but is reporting the exact opposite 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Wow! Via “...the U.S. campaign spiraled into a foreign-policy debacle, thwarted by familiar adversaries, #Russia and #Cuba, as well as allies, #Turkey and #India—all countries that one way or another helped #Venezuela sidestep U.S. sanctions” 
: 4cbcccc1-ca57-4427-b4ac-2a49277d47bf 
If you've never thought about this when stacking chairs in Fellowship Hall maybe you should? 😅 
"‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney" 
I guess the cover up has run into some problems. 
Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That. - #txlege #txed 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
FBI Agent Still Tasked With Following Noam Chomsky Around Prepares For Another Day In Local Panera 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
.@RamseyShow have you seen the ’s satire on you? 😂 💸 
CNN Reporter Informs Iranian Protesters They're Supposed To Be Shouting 'Death To America' 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
@RedState "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
Impeachment Needs Witnesses on Both Sides by @Peggynoonannyc via 
@BernieSanders @SenSanders #Bernie2020 #BernieBros To the Campaign the Facts of Communism/Socialism that you all are so wanting in USA even by force. @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 #KAG2020 🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸 
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company via 
@rossyg92 Phillip Morris 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣BUT sad thing is... there are actually SOME DemoKKKrats who don't comprehend this satire! 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger - 
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the average human temperature anymore. Theories? #health #epidemiology #History via by @mcjomcg 
__________, raise your right hand. #CountryOverParty @gtconway3d @reedgalen @jwgop @madrid_mike @NHJennifer @TheRickWilson 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future 
The Federal Reserve #Bank of New York added $84.7 #billion in fresh liquidity to money #markets on Tuesday, but overall temporary #money added to the #financial system by the central bank held steady 
@SenSchumer @nytimes In this article, he says he wants a trail and lists all the people he would like to testify. Makes no meeting mention of him being scared of witnesses or documents. Either Chuck is lying, or the author is. Which is it? 
: 77862d10-3a43-4d17-b424-7073b0252338 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The Venezuelans and Maduro had 'nada' to do with it. They're starving and Putin's jerking their strings? 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken #MAGA #TRUMP 
: Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. 
Jeff Bezos and Prince Mohammed had dinner in Los Angeles and traded WhatsApp messages. Then their friendship unraveled, along with plans to build an Amazon data center in Saudi Arabia. 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
I Do Not See a Tax Increase in the Near Future - CBO: Federal deficits to exceed $1 trillion indefinitely (Washington Examiner) 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
The Davos Crowd Embraces Big Global Government 
Wave, don’t swipe: How #Amazon wants to make your hand a credit card. 👋 💳 ► via #retail #innovation 
Pelosi ssid “impeachment is so divisive to the country that unless there’s something so compelling and overwhelming and bipartisan, I don’t think we should go down that path because it divides the country.” The House then impeached Trump with no GOP votes. 
Does anyone think we’d even notice any difference. 
The U.S. is screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for the coronavirus, but the Department of Health and Human Services says the virus poses no immediate threat to Americans 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Hermès is leaping into makeup. For now, there is only lipstick, for $67, with refills for $42. It comes in 24 colors (plus three additional options every season, for $72 each) and two different textures. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
.@kellyannepolls: "Dr. Martin Luther King, who was known for his nonviolent tactics, including protests and community organizing, would certainly have traveled abroad to pressure foreign nations to expose a political enemy’s secrets." 
they know the #Palestinians will never accept the #KushnerPeacePlan. Brilliant. #Islamophobia #AntiSemitism #Apartheid #IsraeliApartheid 3/3 
SAP’s net profit and revenue for the fourth quarter of 2019 increased year-on-year, and the German software company upwardly revised guidance for 2020. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
*Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. Fascinating and so is the conclusion! via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@nj_back @AshleyBennettNJ @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi Best of all, Mr. Van Drew endorsed Sen. Cory Booker for president. Not surprisingly, Mr. Booker is now campaigning against Mr. Van Drew. #TakeBackNJ 
"Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations. Some Republican senators say manuscript bolsters case for further testimony." 
What are US plans for quarantine ⁦@SecAzar⁩ #coronavirus orig­i­nated. Aus-tralia, Wuhan prov-ince of Hubei. will be quar­an­tined in a de­ten-tion cen­ter 
Liberals can't STAND @senatemajldr. Why? Because he keeps beating them. #KYSen 
Satire hits the money load on this one! 
I don't believe this at all! Released so tRUMP can strong arm anyone that are thinking! Cause cover ups deplore thinkers! GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Investors Hunger for Munis, but Issuance Is Rare 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  via 
Trump Honors War Criminal With Presidential String Of Human Ears 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @shellieblum @cjdtwit @RL9631 @itsjustjill @truthgunner @realerincruz @buckseriously @uberstephanie @TXPolitico @cgpb @eavesdropann @gatesrobin @jamieRJN @heidiponyrider @carold502 
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding 
We’re aiming to plant 100,000+ trees in 2020 with the support of our clients. We’re excited to be partnering with @onetreeplanted to support a more #sustainable future. 
If only she could teach him the triple tap to the back of the head suicide trick... Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
“This is a small sample of China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off American technology and know-how for Chinese gain.” 
I've listened to zero minutes and zero seconds of Joe Rogan, but I know what I know. And I know this: once again, gets it more correct than virtually all legacy media and punditry does. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker @StormyDaniels is that how you remember it? 
: Russian Orthodox Church Accused Of Interfering With Doctrine Of Election 
Top story: Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - see more 
This is how we end the stigma. Hey there, #CannabisCarl 💚🌿 Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
@glenn_wofford @BorisForOffice @Kodachi1122 @cwebbie So instead it's personal attacks and deflection. This is your stance: And I mean, it's your prerogative to choose your beliefs. But you can't also argue they're grounded in fact or reality when they are not. Feelings are real, but aren't facts. 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
I mean, yeah, BYU Creamery chocolate milk really is that good... 
@CapehartJ it's true: 
@Broonpot @ruth_wishart @StigAbell Maybe. It is something an annoying Brit made it for people to argue over. Old but still hilarious: 4 Copy Editors Killed In Ongoing AP Style, Chicago Manual Gang Violence 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
A little Sunday humor.... 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
It’s great to see athletes find success off the court. But it does make me squirm a bit to think that we’ve made the crossover a necessary coda. Athletes, and particular athletes of color, shouldn’t have to look at term sheets to prove their smarts. 
$EBAY EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere | 
@SaolDara @zarahsultana He did 
“Prosecutorial misconduct is a reality that our clients and our attorneys confront on a regular basis. There must be an independent body to hold prosecutors accountable when they break the law or act in bad faith,” - ⁦@TMLuongo⁩. 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand Over Next Two Years 
Data analytics, #AI, and other tools of the digital age can help marketers improve CX, but they also may raise concerns about data usage and privacy. Here's how brands can build trust with customers: 
Harvard’s Chem Dep’t Chair, Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding; charged. 
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
For more world-renowned reportage, visit 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
More key staff members have left Pete Buttigieg's campaign just days before the Iowa caucus, as non-white staffers continue to express concerns about a lack of inclusivity. 
I know that this is the and all but I wouldn’t be surprised if this came from a mainstream news source 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
ROFLMFAO @CNN @donlemon Your Satire is so hilarious In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via Ich hoffe, dass sich der liberalere Flügel durchsetzt. 
It is disturbing that in a period of solid economic growth and full employment, budget deficits persist and the federal debt grows unabated. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Some say cheetah print is the new neutral—but these 10 looks show off the pattern’s vibrant side. 
Yes! This is what @realDonaldTrump wanted all along! @HouseDemocrats are handing him the opportunity to get the whole truth out there. 
@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
@Mokum_Misfit @OP_Omom @DireMakerBand @LadyReverbs @Landorcan @Queeroolant @nonnie7696 @TimOnTheTractor @ggjggjh @garden_heidi @LpsdlwyerW @Fuksoks @stlwrkr4889 @lmorihouse @ComradeCalifor1 @scapelliti @Ivybono1 @LoraLea16 @richten47 @GhostAnneBoleyn @VryKranky @50linesonly @Sema4Texas @elisha1022 @Matt_Read_NZ @mrs_socialista @wilwin94 @JackieHardCoreG @AlexaSm86703415 @LumpyLouish @popsknox @KingTherapy @mattwsm @BradleyRBloom @spatial_anomaly @AbbyMartin @YouTube @RealTimBlack “Of course I believe in Trans. Everyone should get a Trans Am.” —Joe Biden 
The struggle with China is real. Every time we leave the door open to espionage/infiltration by Chinese agents, we undermine our national security and economic future, not to mention risk complicity with abhorrent civil rights and human rights abuses. 
Grandma is smart: “She said her grandmother pointed out: 'Honey, you not wearing the coat isn’t going to bring that [mink] back to life. He’s been dead 60 years!'” via 
British Airways became the first major airline to cancel all flights to mainland China as the U.S. State Department flew 200+ diplomats and citizens from Wuhan to Anchorage, en route to Southern California. Today in coronavirus news, by @StephanieAYang. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
“#Harvard #Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to #China” - ⁦⁩ 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
@TimRunsHisMouth Well, no, but we definitely escalated and illegally killed one of their revered leaders. 
Here's how to upgrade your home-theater game before this year's Super Bowl 
Pegging rate is a tool that will do more harm than good, especially if inflation picks up... #QE #FED #economy 
: 3938ae14-911e-4b48-ab11-5a97bfd086e2 
@SenatorLankford let him and mulvaney along with nunez all give insight under oath. care to exlain why these guys disagree? 
: 60cecaa4-7ed7-4c4a-9cbe-37223246d630 
@DrJasonJohnson @MitchellCares @BreeNewsome @briebriejoy @BernieSanders “Slamming the campaign for promoting the popular podcaster’s backing, liberals said Friday that Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election.” 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 🤣 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social #Science: Wall Street Journal 
Out of the office: the quiet and gradual loss of ‘pink-collar’ jobs 
THE MEDIA IS SAD THAT THERE WAS NO GUN VIOLENCE IN RICHMOND.. what is bad for the country is good for the dems . they hate the USA Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Dozens of people, maybe more than 100, are marching in the halls of the State Capitol calling for marijuana justice. In their chants, some say they want it now. Other say they want action as part of the state budget due for adoption by 3/31 Background —&gt; 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
‘He Is a Dictator’ via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES... 
Doesn't get old 
#Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
From Discover on Google 
From opinion: The coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #MAGA #TRUMP 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects vía 
Inspiring story -you can do anything if put your mind to it ! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . ⁦@SenRonJohnson⁩ 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Europe to avoid sanctions on Iran saying the country hasn’t taken fresh steps to escalate nuclear work in weeks via 
There is some bad chemistry between the CCP and academic freedom 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
BITCH GRUNT! WHY WOULD I TESTIFY WHEN I CAN COMPLAIN, BOAST, AND LIE: McConnell had a choice, to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective. He chose effective. By ⁦wjmcgurn⁩ — Brit Hume (brithume) January 28, 2020 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. 
@Kosher_Weaver @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
I would bet that porn star never once said “Oh God”. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
„We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions... I am not afraid of them and...I feel the duty to take a lead.” Endlich jemand, der sich daran erinnert, dass Politk Führung braucht. Three Cheers for @akk 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
If you can't then should you be president? No, the answer is no. 
phuckwad 
E-commerce company eBay’s net revenue fell 2% from a year ago, the first year-over-year quarterly decline since eBay spun out PayPal Holdings in 2015 via 
am i the only person looks at the new cities in China and thinks, 20 years, an economic downturn, Cabrini Green on steroids 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial #comedy #people 
@spkerr333 @UnimpressedTX @RichLowry Some call this “juicing” the economy. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have picked up a joint endorsement from Unite Here Local 11 — via 
Someone tell Governor Northam. Let's nip this in the bud. 
No one knows what an electable candidate looks like but Everyone knows with certainty what unelectable looks like. 
My teen asked for wireless buds for Christmas. I gave it a 100% chance of loss within first six weeks. This is a good buy when he has his first summer job. 
She would .... #fakeNewsIdiots 
#AdamSchiff nominated for Best Actor 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
: 18d18527-10ff-4a28-9cef-9cce32985d14 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
And the saga goes on! Sounds like Trump/GOP is seeing the advantage of the trial over shadowing the Iowa primaries. 
: bc122069-d1c2-45bd-b81d-4b0923d38153 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election ... 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
@dianebullock It is sad when the can't do more parodies and has to do real news. 
Let's be honest he'd do it. Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is #art #satire 
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like via 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ - interesting from ⁦@MHackman⁩ 
not exactly a ringing endorsement: "This still isn’t close to a high crime or misdemeanor. Mr. Trump’s reckless judgment was resisted by his staff and Senators like Mr. Johnson, and the President eventually changed his mind" 
Poor babies 
@dbongino Big whoop. #TrumpGoinDown #MAGA 
@BallsLiberal @Paddy7x7 @PeterMacKay Economy os indeed exploding. Feds had to put $70 billion into stock market to prevent collapse! Vets hate Trump 
Shifting models that limit risk arrangements, such as joint ventures, franchising and management agreements are some of the ways real estate companies are being more cautious. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
Unfortunately not shocking based on what we've observed working with younger workers and understanding their communication styles (text not talk). reports they feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
⁦⁦@ScottAdamsSays⁩ I think you predicted something like this may happen. 
@joelockhart @Patta47cake Meanwhile, your employer keeps attacking a well known satirical website . I guess it's true, CNN thinks the internet is only big enough for one fake news site 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Get on the right side of history @SenatorBraun @SenToddYoung! @senatemajldr Says @GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
"Sharing the gospel" is new for 'NO CONDOM'. 🙃🙃🙃 
A Crazy Ass Governor who admits thats he is Tyrannical is even more dangerous..Do the people a favor &amp; FIRE Yourself #RecallNortham Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
In%20Major%20Deal,%20The%20Babylon%20Bee%20Purchases%20Competing%20Satire%20Site%20CNN 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
God don’t let this get out to the LIBS!😂😂😂 
@bad_takes Literally tweeting stories 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
: New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
@anniepmester why aren't you quoted in this? 
Everyone talks about the transformative powers of #AI, but many AI projects fail. How can we ensure AI success? This article recommends applying AI throughout your business and investing in AI talent. Learn more here: #FutureofWork 
@FitzGaming101 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump Trump making America great again. 
@LumpyLouish He has a legacy? Only legacy thing you can have to him is the Trans Am. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@SenAlexander Senator, I respectfully ask that you request to hear from Bolton, as I believe it is important for the nation to have real withnessses, and he can speak directly to motive. 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. ⁦@dtsjevents⁩ #SanJose #siliconvalley #innovation 
Just be honest then nobody is thrown under the bus! Democrats ‘threw Joe Biden under the bus’: Senate Republicans say the impeachment efforts have hurt his 2020 bid via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Day 1103: Moscow Mitch doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses, which is great in terms of more information getting to the American public, but the GOP have already decided that what Trump did isn't a crime (Ron Howard voice: It is.) #resist 
Research from 4 American universities concludes that user tracking increases the income from ads by 4%. For 4%, #GAFAM are trampling over the privacy of hundreds of millions of users. Is 4% extra revenue for ad companies worth our democracy &amp; freedom? 
There is nothing more to say ..... Jim has forsaken the last shred of decency he may have had ... I am not sure he would know anymore what the gospels are ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Lest we forget, this is the same @WHO head that picked Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe to be a goodwill ambassador 5 months after being inaugurated... 
Heard on the Street: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. via 
@senateGOP these guys could do as good as you are doing. But God gave you a brain to discern right from wrong. Good judgement to tell good from bad. And you decide to just be worse than a bunch of monkeys! So sad! Fulfill your #oath to the #constitution! 
What family heirlooms were passed down to you? 
 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
One phone company targeted today, operating out of a residence with minimal equipment, in 23 days connected 720 MILLION ROBOCALLS mostly from India. Here’s a pic breaking down one week of calls state by state 
Sen #Schumer doesn’t want #impeachment Witnesses any more than Republicans do—cer­tainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Re­pub­licans to do the dirty work of vot­ing down wit­nesses so he can shout coverup from here to the election ~ 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
@Jason_Rowley @pointsnfigures @EddyElfenbein “Apple does not restrict itself to accepting funds from sophisticated investors. Apple invests the money of everyday investors, like a mutual fund—but without telling investors what they own, the most basic protection mutual funds offer” 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
What is old is new - what makes no sense still makes no sense. The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
Well alright! lol Paula Britzzalaro 
As I mentioned, maybe if you have a bridge for sale... 
Recording appears to show Trump calling for ambassador’s ouster 
@gifs_bot before we had the technology... 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
#BENGHAZI When you have to tell people you are fun...... Let’s ask Stevens ! Oh we can’t he’s dead. 
Bibi is in Washington D.C.4 republican president Donald John Trump middle East peace plan Isreal is 72 years old also in Middle East I follow elections in Isreal &amp; Iran The 2 countries are not Arabs in Middle East Iran a few centries Isreal 72 years &amp; USA 
He'd previously stepped on 79 other rakes, each time resulting in the gardening implement smacking him in the face. But those times weren't "real stepping on a rake," he insisted. #socialism #fail #evil 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land #reality #satire 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
Santana And Rob Thomas' 'Smooth' Sweeps Grammy Awards For 13th Year In A Row 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes.” A 75-year-old runner is taking the stairs and racing up the Eiffel Tower. And she says it’s no big deal. 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Brilliant, as always, 
Another “old”-style restaurant chain goes belly-up. 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
In major deal the Babylon Bee purchased competing satire site CNN: 
BOLTON Wanted to BREAK the #constitution and use international law in order to wage war on North Korea. 18/23 
Maybe a mic drop would be better. 
@CNN Grow the fuk up snowflakes &amp; stop lying 2 America #wethepeople will decide who we want as President not u lying maggots who have no integrity or sensitivity about the impact u have on people's lives. U will all reap what u've sown in time #Trump2020 
who needs we love katamari reroll when you have the 
Ten ##exercises you can do in the office to stay fit while at #workplace . I especially like #4 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire #WhatDoYouThink? 
“Life was basically as peaceful as a John Lennon song or a Communist country.” 😂 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus. Very little is still known about this virus, which for the moment carries the scientific name 2019-nCoV, meaning “novel coronavirus.” 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians 
Breeze Plays Kick-Ass Riff On Wind Chimes 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags | 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. As Americans, we the people have a right to vote for our president, not congress.#piusnews 
@TonesHyus @EsotericCD Yes.... and here is a Wall Street Journal report. If you are a conservative, then you will vote for Democrats in 2020. 
Carriers are now excluding #737Max from their schedules until the fall, in part because they need time to train their pilots in a MAX #simulator—and there are only about 36 simulators in the US. 
Listen. Everybody does not need to move to Florida. I was here first. (And I should now make real estate investments before the rest of you blow it). 🤷🏽‍♀️ So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It - 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
I needed a break! Laughing at the sadness 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Article fails to mention that HFT are not “providing” any of the liquidity that the market is going to need in a crisis. In “the old days” specialists HAD to provide liquidity in a crisis; HFTs are cannibals. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Tomorrow at 10:45AM ET we will discuss the CBO's projection for the National Debt by 2030 with 's @RichardRubinDC. Read his piece HERE:👇👇👇 
Looking at you, @Ouachita! #ChapelTweet 
This is quite damning to read. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Michael Lewis (perhaps best known for “Moneyball”) wrote “Flash Boys” in 2014. Did the regulators just get their copies? 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
For 55-year-old actor Blair Underwood, working on Broadway means he’s back in his best shape. 
Talking with @paulvigna markets about today's bounce. 
#Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong #iPhone, App Sales 
What exactly does she think is so funny about all this I wonder? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
J&amp;J had tried to keep its CEO from testifying, arguing that Alex Gorsky had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders via #talc #powder #talcum #asbestos #cancer #ovariancancer #mesothelioma 
Ha! How true it is 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” 
DEVELOPING: Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
“Else­where, users of so­cial me­dia have re­placed the Chi­nese term for “coro­n­avirus” with “gov­ern­ment of­fi­cial-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Man­darin—to mock what they see as a fum­bling re­sponse from the state.” 
Wasn’t Anti-Semitism a Thing of the Past? 
@AIR_CAV @DaveEverlasting McConnell and Lindsay should be held accountable for this. Trump had a chance at witnesses, now Democrats will get them? Pelosi maneuvered way better than McConnell in the house: 
Tragedy Mask Clearly Jealous Of Comedy Mask #sarcasm #humor 
Joe Biden talk about Ukraine correction 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus 
For , @ColumbiaJournMA alum @MicahMaidenberg (MA Business ‘17) reports that a lawsuit claims that Martin Shkreli and an associate tried to block generic versions of a drug. 
Bernie Sanders Arrives In Hong Kong To Lecture Protesters On How Good They Have It Under Communism 
Apple made a record $22 billion last quarter. 
The UK is going with Huawei, the controversial Chinese telecom giant, to build its 5G network. The UK government will give Huawei permission to build non-critical parts of its 5G network, denying the company access to its most sensitive networks. 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients via 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
That excuse only flies if she gets to the "Oh God!" stage, Bakker. 
@HouseGOP Seriously? Gaslighting your own @GOP base with LIES... they should be insulted, but guessing they’re simply ill-informed and wish to stay that way? Unbelievable. Really. #GOPCoverup #DemocracyOnTrial #ExGOP #WitnessesAndDocuments #WhatAreTheyHiding 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
14th-Century Solutions to Student Debt - The Wall Street Journal 
They don't have the votes, they just don't (for now) 
Pleeeeeeeease! Just how many bathrooms can one take a dump in? How much is enough??? In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton. via 
Lmao 😂 Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
: 5988cb69-483d-4a94-9636-33334aead24f 
.@Pfizer posted $12.69 billion in fourth-quarter sales, meeting expectations of analysts via 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus 
EVANGELICAL........LUNATIC claims Trump was just administering the gospel to @StormyDaniels ------ 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
He will raise the credibility of the NYT. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Is this you Nathan??? 😂 #EqualRights haha 
#Recipe for a #Cake Seriously Worth the Splurge - The Wall Street Journal 
By stating publicly that Bolton's account of his conversations w/Trump is false, Trump has effectively waived executive privilege -- which is actually a very narrow privilege -- as to those conversations. It's time to hear from the witnesses Trump blocked: 
Beyond the fact that Bakker lost all credibility years ago and this simply confirms it....there are no words. 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown Gains in home prices slow as world-wide residential investment continues to decline 
Earlier this year, I hopped into a rental car and spent the day in Marysville, Calif. with @marcelo_H_ discussing his life in the agroindustrial Central Valley, his passion for poetry and his former life as an undocumented immigrant. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings @nuzzel 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale 
Pelosi: 'Any Child Who Somehow Escaped Both Abortion And Infanticide Has Earned The Right To Vote' 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Breaking: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Mortgage Bond That Vanished Is Back 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Biden's Son, Kerry Family Friend Join Ukrainian Gas Producer's Board - 2014 
@BigTinyBird @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at impeachment trial 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@Fueldog1 @tut5150 @Nunyabus99999 @VILVNV @VoiceOfReasonNW @rjocore98 @Gram247 @BobC7000 @DanFoc77 @MegaK47918675 @grampazachary @RobfromMO @FreedomFritesUS @SwampFox214 @cubancafecito @PhoenixTruths @markzimpelman11 @slim_mirokujin @Dadsbreak @zephyryne @jonlmann1986 @rjocore99 @SherryLeigh5 @PennyPo47428324 @VinceGottalotta @jase_1972 @glenn_wofford @Massanthrope @Gimpmaker @warNuKE_ @BeJamesMadison1 @wordjunkie84 @kg0206 @CHITOWNLK @omgbecky123456 @AppleDank @RegulatedWell @AllAFckinBoard @naturelover3333 @cleflore23 @ryanuga47 @HDWilson @SnidleyWhipass @KennethJOath @MadisonSedona @RCalh @Welles19 @katbritton08 @goldyvladi4691 @nofaithinhuman5 Oh boy..... 
Big scoop: McConnell tells R senators he *doesn’t* have votes to block witnesses. John Bolton, come on down ... 
I can't tel if this is a parody or not. 
@JZarif @Pontifex @POTUS @VP This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani -Iran was at war for freedom. 
When Apple Didn't Pad Its Margins: 
White House counsel Cipollone learned of Bolton's claims in book on Sunday, a person familiar with the matter says 
Congratulations to The Boeing Company in taking to the skies with the world’s largest twin-engine plane, the 777X. JBT is excited to be a part of this momentous event and providing excellent ability to tow the Boeing 777X with the B950. 
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣💀💀💀💀 Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Folks, please take a listen to the podcast with two of our Brazil reporters - Luciana Magalhaes and Samantha Pearson - who have worked for a year to document the back story to a dam collapse that killed nearly 300 people. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Congrats @Delta on another great year! I have been flying with you guys since I was a child, and whatever you’re doing now, keep it up. @Allegiant, thank you for allowing me a way to get to my family very quickly and for a good price. Well deserved! 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
⁦@KassyDillon⁩ wrote this didn’t she??? Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
@danielnorwick @Morning_Joe @MSNBC It doesn’t add much to what we know about the president, but it does put Senate Republicans on the spot, writes ⁦⁩. 
I love that one of the things carved into this is that S-thing everyone used to draw. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
🤣🤣🤣 Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Is “phenomenon” the most used billie eilish metaphor? 
US manufacturing is still in a slump. 
For senators serving as impeachment jurors and presidential candidates at the same time, this is what weekends are like 
"The televangelist ended his broadcast by wagering that there were probably “many, many more” sex-industry workers like Daniels who could tell a similarly inspiring story about President Trump." 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
“The Semen on the Mount” Where the f**k do these deluded, self-righteous, Forbes toting idiots come up with this blasphemy? 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
Oh please. It's exactly why dictators have #2s: to blame when things go pear-shaped. 
DOJ focus on Chinese infiltration of top US research universities is a welcome development I'm reminded of Fiona Hill's statement in her impeachment deposition: "They've infiltrated all of our universities. They've infiltrated a lot of our companies." 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks “...plus I’m missing Columbo” 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces so something will actually get accomplished! 
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans via 
@ZRealLoki @ANONYMOUSQANON @therealjefani @MeemzerTrudy @RTerriers @hogansgoat2423 @4heartandsoul @jaimec729 @SouprahflyN @GaliciaMunoz1 @TWITMO_INMATE @FantGil @Gh0stEternal @AnJillOfLight @keresen_bennath @Distinct_Words @MissesJ3 @LavenderLives @OdinBsmart @AwareFrequency @Devine_freedom @HB04920973 @Mary12694411 @Ascension_Guide @voeljegoed @_Love_Anon @ThomasFines @VeteransAlways_ @kikaltz @Txgrown2020 @donnie_maga @FederalistNo78 @terryca53306307 @small_buggy @PhoenixxRizen @RaeAnon @PatriotsDontSlp @KevinMPick @Iknow04042015 @cocobutt07 @celtgunn @DanaElizabeth69 @Djmwhb3C @Lady_Miss_M @RockyShorz @Loki_1399 @peintress3 @paulacblades001 @IndiginousBrit Don't worry, it won't be boring forever. Q3787 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Targets Credibility... 
Vale’s former CEO and others have been charged with homicide and other charges. Vale said it was “perplexed” by the charges. Whether anyone spends any real time in jail remains to be seen. (END) 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - The Wall Street Journal: After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth  The Wall Street Journal 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Court Case Doesn’t End Regional Fed Bank Status Questions, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
@katalva3 Well phuk who's bending the truth here? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . Ignorance is alt-Christianity’s greatest weapon of mass mis-information ⁦@JimBakkerShow⁩ 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
@Kat80650657 @lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @Lor_blueeyes @Thumper5465 @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @SONADORLIVESON @Impeachedforty5 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @jdd2169 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge @MockingQballs1 @FranciGirl85 @MaryChenevert @siempresoldados I told you sold. Thank you for making me The King. I look great. I told you nothing hurt me. I Untouchable. Checkmate. 
We must go beyond a number to plan for a lifestyle. The unexpected and unplanned creates emotional and economic disruption. Incorporating dreams and necessities as well as preparing for financial unknowns helps in part, to make lemonade when handed lemons. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Local Man Declares Self Tax-Exempt As Temple Of The Holy Spirit 
markets: The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
CIOs need to brush up on business skills for the next generation of CEOs 
"The rules have the potential to reshape the type of immigrants who are allowed into the U.S. and significantly curb the number of people granted permanent residence each year." #immigration #PublicCharge 
Solved by batch trades. 
The way things are these days, I figure I can "self-identify" as someone who doesn't have to pay any local, state and federal taxes and the government will have to honor my claim. 
China’s Xi Gives His No. 2 a Rare Chance to Shine in Coronavirus Fight, With Risks for Both – 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary Lol!!! 
Utter Rubbish From Mr. Underwear. Trump DID violate Impeachment Control Act. If not, where is his ltr 2 Congress b 4 he "paused" delayed that money, citing ALL reasons for doing so? Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
AirPods for young kids ??? 
#classic Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Satire Tweet 4 () "Study Finds Medical Marijuana Effective For Treating Long-Term Pain Over Jerry Garcia’s Death" 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Infinity is a lot 
markets: Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
Romney and the LDS Church will NEVER recover if because of him the Senate is FORCED to call witnesses 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Huge Win for 🇺🇸! Now let’s focus on America First! With helping and fixing the homeless crisis in America, encourage continued wage growth and respect working Americans! Supreme Court Allows President Trump to Welfare Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Just unsealed 👀 
"Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child" BTS 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
Colleagues in the @ucdavis Math Dept might not think they have a need to hire faculty able to address the needs of underrepresented minorities. They certainly have the academic freedom to push for hiring priorities &amp; funding that better reflect those views 
@kathy_markovich @Stewey444 It's a parody site: 
markets: Strong results from United Technologies’ core aerospace business only highlight unanswered questions about its merger with defense company Raytheon. 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Remember when... 
Wow Hillary is psychic! Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network. I'd be very interested to know whether Boris Johnson's government did long-term scenario modeling ahead of this decision. 
@MyNameIsGriffon @AliceAvizandum this one? 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
That's just inconsiderate 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns via 
This Week's Editorial Cartoon: "Civil Whites Movement" 
Precisely 😂 
The likelihood of the Senate voting to call more witnesses in the impeachment trial appeared to mount as some Republican senators said new allegations about Trump’s motivation for freezing aid to Ukraine bolstered the case for further testimony 
"America still has a lot of poor people, and that's because we haven't been aggressive in implementing socialist programs that cause mass starvation," Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
@Acosta Fox, Fox, Fox 
Casino Reporting Steady Profits From Slot Machine That Promises Players They Will Lose 
@realDonaldTrump You didn't fire Bolton, he quit. Can you be honest about anything? 
@JWalkerLoveSTEM @JoeBiden The honest answer would not be voting for #QuidProQuoJoe 
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal. 
ROFL!!!! John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@realchokemedady @johnlennon Congrats. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign. CNN just got caught and shows them one-sided and hate the American people who voted for Trump. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
21st century fax. In a world where the Apple Watch is being deployed in medical studies, why do we still rely on a clunky beige box that peaked in popularity around the same time as the Walkman?  via 
The is always as truthful as as it is funny. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | #MondayMorning #mondaythoughts 
$100 million lawsuit... better sleep with the lights on Tulsi lol 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials . . . amazing information to ponder . . . . posted by @RidgeKayser 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 
The Impact of AI on Government—Opportunities and Challenges 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Experts Warn We Have Only 12 Years Left Until They Change The Timeline On Global Warming Again 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Y’all can’t make this sh*t up!!!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Sounds legit 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Don't I wish 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
This grifter just doesn’t learn. He went to jail for fraud his followers deserved to be bilked! Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Would have done nothing but good for this dumpster fire of a game 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
I'm wasn't raised as a Christian, but I was always under the impression the gospel was a lot longer. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
All Silicon Valley does is lie... : Tech Giants Publicly Say They Support Regulation But Privately Spend Hundreds of Millions to Stop Them #BreakUpBigTech #BreakUpBigData @ewarren @aoc $FB $GOOG GOOGL $AMZN $AAPL $VZ $ATT $CMCSA $NFLX 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
So the self-proclaimed pussy grabber was sharing the gospel... 
Tens of thousands of football fans are competing for hotel rooms around Miami with a significant presence of tourists flocking to South Beach to enjoy the sun and warm weather 
In 1981 the 10-year Treasury bill paid an interest rate of 16%. Now it pays 2%. How do interest rates affect your money and who controls them? ⁦Our conversation tonight ⁦⁦@GtownCollege⁩ 
@RadioFreeTom literally from the 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Once upon a time R’s and conservatives used to care about this. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Really a GAY president. How many Generals and Admirals would follow him as commander in chief. Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Teaser for Mark McConville's new book, "Failure to Launch: Why Your Twentysomething Hasn’t Grown Up…and What To Do About It." 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Satire Tweet #4 () "Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean" 
Hmmm...these people are lunatics. We need to be saved from these people. Oh. My. God. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election . . . Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. 
: 1fad59f3-bde1-4bc9-ac33-1ce7b1b5563d 
Breaking News 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding at #Harvard #NIH 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
"The Puffin Foundation, with more than $14 million in assets split between two independent entities, were seeded with the fortune Mr. Rosenstein made in the Allen screw business." 
@PoliticalKathy 2/2 The Gates, Bloomberg and other billionaires have met before to discuss population control. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Ain't that the #Truth !! "Superman Criticized As Unrealistic For Portraying A Journalist As Heroic" 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
This is fine. 🔥 The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
if I was still a personal finance journalist, i might ask: why do three private corporations with not-great track consumer records get to dictate a fundamental lending metric with [checks notes] zero accountability or consumer choice? 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ And I thought y’all had too much coffee in the morning. 🤣Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
"Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China" - Is there anyone who doesn't work for China? 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The Silicon Valley experiment: Can Google expand dramatically in San Jose without ruining traffic and jacking up housing prices? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Trump apparently calls his little mushroom-shaped willie "Gospel." 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations 
This could be a problem, voting app in Iowa. 
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 "How Putin outfoxed Trump” other breaking news: How words befuddled Trump How a chicken ran a casino better than Trump How a toilet bested Trump How a pretzel scored higher on a cognitive test than Trump 
Russia now handles more than two-thirds of Venezuela’s crude oil, current and former administration officials said, including helping to conceal export destinations. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Her clothes wouldn’t look out of place on the Oregon Trail. But Emily Adams Bode is selling out on Madison Avenue and stopping traffic on Hollywood red carpets—one custom patchwork jacket at a time: 
Good. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
😁😁😁 GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
(4) on Twitter: "Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election / Twitter 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week Well the “” speaks with humour and perhaps some irony. The world needs cooperation and Chinese hospitals need help to combat this terrible disease 
CNN Audio Analysis Reveals Biden Caught On Wet Mic While Chewing On Own Microphone 
⁦@DrSJaishankar⁩ Trade negotiations The Justice Department is probing a potential merger of Dean Foods &amp; the Dairy Farmers of America A deal would unite two dairy­land gi­ants. Dean is the big­gest U.S. milk pro­ces­sor, DFA markets 1/3 of US milk. 
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel vía 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Trump administration has lined up tentative support from at least some Arab states, people familiar with the matter say. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
@vivabuck @mmdeleon02jax @bschapiroMD Kinda disappointed that nobody has posted this yet. 
hits the mark 🎯 "Man, she is really all-in on this habitable planet thing.” 
How a tech company’s top two bosses took paternity leave at the same time, and everyone benefited via More new fathers are getting a taste of the pressures that working mothers have faced for decades. @biz @alexisohanian @PattyArquette @manishm345 
Broadband growth fuels Comcast’s latest results @Lilliannnn 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
#MoscowMitch McTurtle Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses. All eyes on: *Mitt Romney (R-UT) *Susan Collins (R-ME) *Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) *Lamar Alexander (R-TN) *Pat Toomey (R-PA) *Rob Portman (R-OH) 
Obviously vitally important to engage community stakeholders in complex and divisive policy implementations like this, but this panel is missing a mandatory seat for an expert technologist. Equally important for the success of the project. 
#RepublicansMisdirectionPlay? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Or is this headline true? 
@OANN @realDonaldTrump Johnson &amp; Johnson is up to their neck in legal suits, just like U spanky....#ImpeachedForever 
@Ditzzeechick @SenBillCassidy @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Brainwashed liberals be like “we want witnesses.” Tell that to the house who didn’t subpoena them. 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home #WhatDoYouThink? 
“I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” LMAAAAAAOOO 
I just couldn’t resist this one! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Since we're on the subject of Qatar thanks to Trump having a defense lawyer who works for a foreign government aka #PamBondi I'd like to find out why the Qatari government was paying Michael Cohen 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
What was your favorite passage, @StormyDaniels ? 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
We talked to Blair Underwood about how he drew inspiration for his role in the play “A Soldier’s Play” from his father, how it compares to playing Othello and why he thinks the play makes so much sense in 2020. 
UK limits Huawei to installing peripheral network equipment and caps market share but dismisses Trump administration’s calls for total rejection. @wsj 
#MorningMilk What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In ... 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Lynch, are you kidding, Joe is honesty? Please see this link for Joe's Ukraine chart: 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
The Trump administration's "public charge" rule could not only curb the number of green cards granted each year, but also fundamentally reshape what kinds of immigrants are allowed access to the U.S. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
“They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” Emory's @CharlesDalyMD1 explains about a spike in avocado-related injuries during #SuperBowl guacamole prep 
Thought-provoking thread on Huawei from @mikebutcher According to , Huawei had access to as much as $75 billion in state support in its ascent to world's largest telecom kit supplier: (For its part, Huawei said the relied on "false information") 
Some of France’s top money managers are working together on measuring how investors impact biodiversity. The UN warns that 1 million species are on the verge of extinction. They are also looking to hire on an ESG data provider to work on the project. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
LMAO. "It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 
LATEST from : GOP leadership doesn’t currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses when the Senate votes later this week, Majority Leader McConnell said in a private party meeting, according to people familiar with the discussions. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@realDonaldTrump #winning? How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies 
Commodities markets are digesting China's decision to extend the Lunar Year, stretching out a period in which Chinese imports of natural resources typically decline. “I think we’re close to peak hysteria.” via 
The U.S. government is said to be working to evacuate Americans from #Wuhan on a flight to the U.S. as soon as possible #CoronaOutbreak #China #CoronaExodus 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says via @aosipovich 
: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"if" means hell yes he did it, so what? 
Spot on satire 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
It doesn’t add much to what we know about the president, but it does put Senate Republicans on the spot, writes ⁦⁩. 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
On Earth, we take gravity for granted. In space, it could become the most precious commodity of all. Space archeologist Alice Gorman explains why. 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws. #Regulation #ePresence #ePublicist 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Looks like McConnell doesn’t have the numbers to block the calling of witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
#Trump #ImpeachmentSham #JohnBolton #CorruptGOP McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
340 Million Social Security Numbers Obtained By Federal Government In Massive Personal Data Breach 
Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. 
@TeamCornyn @JohnCornyn Religious freedom. 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news 
In Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton 
You Thought Brexit Was Hard. Try Starting a Museum in Its Honor. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ #SmartNews 
Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Republicans are soooo fucking shameless, and uncreative, and this is just beyond the pale, and fuck it, let's just impeach the whole fucking party!!! #RemoveTrump 
@NonsenseEnd @ScottPresler @rickbkylex @realDonaldTrump Trump making America great again. Trump is bankrupting the country. 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
It's me, I'm Coworker With Two Computer Screens Not Fucking Around 
New Study Shows Link Between Sex, Pregnancy 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Finally, at least CNN's satire will Bee funny now. I'll be here all week folks. 😬 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Are diseased pigs cause of coronavirus? via 
Kaiser Permanente Bets on Smartwatches to Lower Costs @cardskrish @ajaysmd @medtmaddox @movinganalytics via 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
While tRump was shamelessly raw doggin a porn star he was quoting scripture? Or was she nearly screaming "oh god, oh god, oh god" because of his exaggerated fungus like shaped phallus? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel' 
@robinhanson Does this complement @RandyNesse’s excellent work on the evolutionary benefits of bad feelings? He makes a fascinating analogy with race horses: bred for speed, they have a higher risk of broken legs. Humans, bred for complex cognitive processing... 
‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new #coronavirus have died. Many of those who have died are elderly or have other illnesses such as diabetes. 
Op-Ed - Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism via 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via ...... 
@YorkshireLad_87 @adb0wen Bernie was, of course Warren actually wasn't I don't think she actually identifies as a socialist does she? 
Santana And Rob Thomas' 'Smooth' Sweeps Grammy Awards For 13th Year In A Row 
Article here: 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar Absolutely perfect. The stream of lies for years is now culminating in his Virtuoso Lying Fest on the Senate floor. One has to question his delusion and refusal to accept truth 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects vía 
Who believes this bullshit? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
If it were discovered that Trump is a pedophile, I wonder how long it would take them to convince themselves that pedophilia is actually “sharing the gospel”. My guess would be less than 10 minutes. I’m not saying he is but a lot of people are saying… 
Can people just stop flying in bad weather?! What's so hard?! People get killed. JFK Jr. Ron Brown? Others? Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
If you #GoogleBernie you will find that his record on immigration is problematic: 
It's only Tuesday kids! Check back on Friday. #EnjoyTheShow 
"The NYTimes’s story contains no 'bombshells, 'notwithstanding the media hype. Anyone paying attention,or who has read Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson’s Nov. 18 letter to House Members, knows that Mr. Trump mistrusted Ukraine and considered cutting off aid." 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
Somebody ask Jessica Hahn what “Sharing the Gospel” means in #JimBakkerLand. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
2) "When I was working in the oil business, as part of my job, I flew on helicopters over the Gulf of Mexico, in Alaska, and over the North and South China Seas. Since retiring, I do not voluntarily get into a helicopter." 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight #WhatDoYouThink? 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Every impeachment trial in American history completed by the Senate has not only had witnesses but witnesses who did not testify before the House. There's no precedent not to have them. 
@EmmaVigeland Trying to win. 
: b4675fe2-8157-4923-ad55-10ad0bc47aeb 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
The Vanishing Executive Assistant - 
Is @JimBakkerShow for real?!! You were caught with Jessica Hahn! Were you explaining the gospel too as you were inside her?! Don’t bull**** people! You evangelicals have failed God! You are serving trump more than God! False prophet! Charlatan! Fraud! 
Trump’s first 98%! A+ work!! 
@CarmineSabia @thecjpearson @ChrisCuomo "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV Room rates around Miami soaring to record highs for host city, as hotels in the Keys benefit, too. via 
What The Fuck? Bill got impeached for sharing the gospel with Monica. 
I voted for @cryptunez 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
TikTok?! Clout-Chasing Millennial Learns About Memes and More #video #news #klout 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Read @ByronTau on why a lengthy court fight would be unlikely 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election #article #comedy 
ABC News Reports Trump Nuked Entire World, Later Clarifies He Just Microwaved A Burrito 
Democrats%2520Warn%2520That%2520American%2520People%2520May%2520Tamper%2520With%2520Next%2520Election YOU DEMOCRATS ARE SICK AND RETIRED 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Derek Jeter: ‘I Will Never Enter This Part Of The City Again’ 
Well played well played "First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring" 
As the UK government approves a role for Huawei in the country's 5G network, re-upping our investigation into the Chinese company's operations across Africa. 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
😡I need my Texas folks to help me fight this! 
Federal antitrust regulators are probing a potential deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., the bankrupt milk-processing giant. 
What do you consider a fair—or unfair—trade-off between improved services and reduced privacy? Where do you draw the line? 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] [Note: No boneheaded Democrats were injured in the making of this satirical post] [*Note: No offense intended to dimwits who are unable to recognize satire.] [Safeguard Clarification: this is a joke.] 
@johnnemann Evergreen article: 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @FOX28News FULL ARTICLE IN THREE PHOTOS BELOW 
Who knew Seth Dillon had a BuNN in the oven? @AXECOP @The_Kyle_Mann 
🚨: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🚨 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
This is simply quite weird 🧐 
Political campaigns aren’t very effective 1 
'We'll Take Good Care Of These,' Says Mitch McConnell While Placing Impeachment Articles In Special Rectangular Filing Bin @realDonaldTrump 
@brianstelter Tater! They're on to you! 
this is f'ing hysterical!!! 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL's foremost offensive mind. 
Why 'green bonds' have such scarcity value ♻️💵 - 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Always thought I was the odd duck with a different temperature, but maybe I’m actually “normal” 
Tell that to Stormy @StormyDaniels. She'll get a kick out of it. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@tracyalloway @TianChen95 @SofiaHC1 Who says freedom and democracy has nothing doing with economy and finance? Remember #China was arresting 8 people in Wuhan in December for spreading "rumours" about the #coronavirus, and keep the news from the public. 
ICYMI: @intel had a great quarter thanks to #datacenter growth. No surprise with the rise of #cloudcomputing but still good execution. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@GretchenInOK I love how the Babylon Bee picked up one this with a mythical church in Cottage Grove, MN. 
This is all I can think of when I hear Decency Collective 
From opinion: “Stakeholder capitalism” empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Lakewood Church Attendees Can Now Check Their Bible At Door | 
U.S. Targets Phone Companies for Allegedly Aiding Robocallers 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy 
.@SpeakerPelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump #ShamImpeachment 
What Kobe Bryant Meant - The Wall Street Journal 
neither is the gop, apparently 
The Wall Street Journal: New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown. via @GoogleNews 
Neighborhood Flocks To Coffee Shop Bulletin Board To Read About Fun Upcoming Events 
: 81737753-844d-4fa9-b25b-18368ae66322 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Chuck Norton is soooo right on this. 
Babylonbee is satire at its best!!! 😂😂😂😂😂 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
"Dow Drops Over 450 Points on Coronavirus Fears" via #nCoV2019 #coronavirus 
There was peace in the land Before guns. ha ha ha ha 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
“GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump, people familiar with the matter said.” 
House Democrats use impeachment defense team's arguments against Trump in tax returns case 
I can see #ScottyFromMarketing &amp; Dutton embracing this approach 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 🤣 Honestly how much do they pay him to be this ignorant &amp; this stupid? As if he doesn't know why the h*** trump was visiting @StormyDaniels Just ask her 
Look, I want everything that Bernie wants (in principle). But I'm just not comfortable with him building a coalition that could actually win the primary, or god forbid, the White House. Rethink this, @BernieSanders. 
Update: #DoD reports only two crew members on board the aircraft; both bodies have been recovered. No indication plane was taken down by hostile fire. #AfghanistanPlaneCrash #Military #Taliban 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
@TedNordhaus "The utopian dreams of those who wish to radically reorganize the world to stop climate change are not a plausible global future. Nor will denying the relationship between carbon emissions and global warming make the real risks of climate change go away." 
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory 
LVMH Sales Powered by Fashion, Leather Goods - Wall Street Journal 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
I'm just saying, this article is too real: 
I AM TRYING OKAY God Furious At Every Human Who Isn’t Actively Trying To Get As Fat As Possible Off Bounty He Provided 
@kdt471 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Breaking: 
Must. Have. 
The mayor of Wuhan, the city at the epicenter of China’s viral outbreak, said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen 
Look out ... ;) In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
@JackPosobiec @realDonaldTrump I wonder how many of Atlantic City contractors will be there ...the ones whose family’s Trump ruined when he stiffed them in a few of his many business/casino bankruptcies? 
Mortgage Rates Have Fueled Lending Most Since Lending Crisis. 
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency - 
Socialist steps on another rake insisting that 79 Previous Attempts weren't REAL stepping on a rake 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore Deloitte’s article. With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
@TheRightAOC @zanbunn @tacross @LooneyTunes002 @FlyOverJames @JohnLockeNC Welcome, get to work! 😆 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' Lefties-Babylon Bee is satire! My fav line: “Many political commentators quickly condemned her remarks but have since turned up dead.” 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
The #Trump administration’s bid to replace #Venezuela’s leader hit a wall after a meeting with #Russian officials last year—and hasn't recovered #Diplomacy140 #Putin 
. reports that after cash bail reforms were passed in NY, bail bond companies have been going out of business. This news marks one of the first tangible effects of the reforms passed last year. #cjr #justice 
@CodyIsAGoodBoy @realDonaldTrump Want to read something funny? Because that's exactly what 1 certain televangelist is trying to do. 
markets: The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020 
They are trying to infect the USA..U.S. sets evacuation plan from China’s locked-down coronavirus-infected Wuhan via 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
British Airways cancels all flights to and from mainland China as coronavirus spreads and governments begin evacuating citizens 
“President Trump’s Middle East peace plan, to be formally unveiled Tuesday, is a detailed blueprint of more than 50 pages that outlines his administration’s ideas about how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem...” 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - . Prediction: Trump and the Republicans will cut what they call “entitlements” like #SocialSecurity #Medicare and #Medicaid. Better vote Blue folks. #TrumpTaxScam ⁦ 
Private-equity firm TPG and its $33 billion credit-investing arm are in talks to part ways, with each going it alone in the increasingly competitive world of private investing. 
Deserted streets. Closed shops. Wuhan, the city at the center of a deadly coronavirus outbreak, looks like a ghost town. 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
FYI: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
At O’Hare, can’t book a new flight, for FULL fare, on @AmericanAir at their dedicated customer assistance desk at H7. They and @UnitedAirlines continue racing to the worst possible flying experience in 2020. Hey, at least they’re consistent... @MiddleSeat 
“Big banks in the U.S. face looser restrictions on investing their own money in venture capital funds under the latest plan to ease the Volcker rule’s limits on speculative trading, according to people familiar with the matter.” 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
Spectacular! Sleazy televangelist excon grifter takes it next level. It's an art form. While only complete fucking morons or seriously demented old white people would swallow this swill, we must acknowledge a simple truth: Bakker is an artist. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
I won’t believe it till I see that mustache in the witness chair. 
Zambia’s dollar bonds due in 2027, yield more than 17%, up from around 9% when issued, according to FactSet. The country has entered into talks with China about how to renegotiate the terms of bilateral debts. @emsovdebt @RencapMan 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
If you study the Bible you'll get the reference here. 
@MikeLevinCA "Reporting" is not proof. 
Yo, this dude was pretty good: 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
McDonald’s will pilot new breakfast sandwiches – chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits, a move that comes as the fast-food chain faces intense competition at the start of the day. 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
The campaign’s promotion of #JoeRogan’s endorsement exposes Sanders’s goal of winning the #DemocraticPrimary &amp; eventually the general election “It’s very unnerving to see a Dem candidate like #Bernie2020 try to court voters from varying constituencies" 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
@HillaryClinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For @TulsiGabbard #Suicide One Day Early - the #BeeSatire is on fire! 🤣🙃😁 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers I almost made the cut as a somber Pelosi dancer. Dang 
The Markets aren't doing well The Feds have added over $150 Billion dollars into the Markets in the past month The last time this happened was in 1929 We all know what happened after that THE MARKETS CRASHED #ConmanTrump @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence 
Voice imitation has moved from Hollywood to real world: it is happening TODAY. I guess many would have read this article from Aug, 2019: 1/7 
Africa debt boom may store up trouble for the future via 
Is it still satire if it's probably true? #BoltonBombshell 
*satire?* John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
@DonLemon, Thank you!!!! 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch #FoxNews And Yell At It #DearDiary 
@thehill McConnell is giving in. 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' | 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
Incredible discovery! —&gt; Ancient Race Of Skeleton People 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
This is good. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Umm... Thanks for Jesussplaining that for us. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker - He Has Really Fell And Bumped His Head Hard! 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -(Then you better call all the witnesses that the House denied Trump) 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
Satire.but.not.far.from.what.was.acutally said 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Wallstreet Journal covers one of Tech's little secrets: everyone is reading your email! &gt; Letting employees read user emails has become “common practice” for companies It is time to decentralize mail again... 
Is this the beginning of the end for @POTUS? #USPolitics 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales - 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 😂😂😂 
@itsJeffTiedrich @realDonaldTrump D.J.T. has a Jesus complex?!?!?! Why am I not surprised? "...who is doing more for Christians today? Not Jesus. He disappeared; no one knows what happened to him. But I’m out there every day protecting churches from crazy liberals.” 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
I Am Fun 
Doesn't anyone vet anybody these days? How can these people be trusted with educating young people, much less lecturing the rest of us on morality, when they can't be trusted with hiring decisions? 
The SEC is stepping in with requests that financial firms step up their cybersecurity efforts to prevent breach and data loss. 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
@redobbinated @mmpadellan THE WALL FKING STREET JOURNAL 
Roger Federer Worried Fans Only Like Him For His Tennis Record 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview #humor #art 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Kim Jong-Un Consults With Planned Parenthood To Learn How To Cover Up Atrocities | 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
Bosses, Get Out of Your Employees’ Way 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Stuffed celery, Ritz Crackers, salami roll-ups: At bars around the country, we’re snacking like it’s 1969. via 
"Tonight, after our shopping spree, I will invite my best girlfriends over and we will drink white wine and fill each other in on major developments in our lives while we listen to an album by My Morning Jacket..." 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits&amp; accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via -MITCH DERANGEMENT SYNDROME -ALWAYS OUTFOXING PELOSI 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
I almost spit out my coffee. 😆 
Time to stop this crazy impeachment, save taxpayer's money to fee the hungry and homeless live in tents。 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@SethAbramson Victory!!! 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
"Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" 
Legalizing Marijuana in #NewYork Regains Attention Among Lawmakers 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Energy Stocks Diverge From Oil Prices 
No he's just gone too far. 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus #CommunismKills 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff’s Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | @edmecka 
“I think this is an exciting new format for us." 
OMG!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
More Pizza money Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports 
Just an ordinary folk everyone can relate to: I Am Fun (By Hillary Clinton) 
'#Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. I just fucking can't. Fucking lunatics, all of them. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
"Furthermore, as indirect evidence of the fact that I have a fun disposition, I do not like things that are not fun." 
Israel's Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Because they will do a better job. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake Must be a Democratic Socialist rake! 
Democrats%2520Warn%2520That%2520American%2520People%2520May%2520Tamper%2520With%2520Next%2520Election 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Deutsche Bank tells court it holds tax returns sought by Congress in Trump probe - but info blocked from light of day by whom ? via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row..#MSM..#BernieSanders..# 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@SteveKinholt @tribelaw Definitely: 
She said the sermon lasted less than a minute. 🍄 @StormyDaniels 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
These DHS anti trafficking PSAs keep reminding me of this classic headline 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
This 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
This explains why ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ was heard screening, “Oh God, Oh God!” #MAGA #Resist #ImpeachmentTrial 
"“that whole gimp basement shootout." -Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Greatest economy ever 3M Cuts More Jobs as U.S. Demand Falls 
The John Bolton Report - #GoogleAlerts 
@SenatorBurr The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
He means Vote Him out 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
I love the 😂 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@HartHanson Just don't step into the comma wars. 😜 4 Copy Editors Killed In Ongoing AP Style, Chicago Manual Gang Violence 
: After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses then it is fuckin over and he will be rfemoved as pence is next 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
@StarParker @EvanSayet @Heritage Says it all👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings "Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep," said one Philistine woman with pink hair and several face piercings 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - and 75% of polled voters, including Democrats, Republicans, and Independents want #WitnessesAndDocuments. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Look just get a fucking avocado thingy already, stop being stupid 
@DavidFBrand Never forget 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Breaking news GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@realDonaldTrump Houston, we have a problem: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I re-read this at least once a year. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
» In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose | 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, Thanks to Trumps no tax and spend policy_ via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend. 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
@brianstelter Just can't help proving satire is real, can you?🤦 
A plane full of #Americans is preparing to escape #Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak #China #CoronaOutbreak #CoronaExodus 
Well, here’s the story Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Shkreli, Associate Tried to Block Generic Versions of Drug, Suit Claims 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
If this is true ... CNN really needs to hire Lawrence O'Donnell away from MSNBC ... He is a great yeller. #StopTheHammering!!! 
Woke Superman self identifies as a proud black woman. 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage 
Why hold a vote on this at all? 
India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India - The Wall Street Journal 
This can’t be good for the economy. : The U.S. national #debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Your daily Bee! 
This is BIG news, I hope sticks. Bring on Mr. Bolton! 
@Phylan @TheAmitie @GrantBrisbee Literally this old article 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Letters: Don’t Bash Trump Trade Policy Without a Solution...the argument is disingenuous from the outset: trump started a fire, and now wants to get credit for putting a little water on it. Trump will achieve nothing...farmers in Midwest on welfare... 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
The Best and Worst U.S. Airlines of 2019: ⁦@Delta⁩ outpaced the field for the third year in a row 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can #humor #lol 
Apple Was Headed for a Slump. Then It Had One of the Biggest Rallies Ever. - 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@Undoomed Lol the Babylon Bee is fantastic! 
#Wuhan mayor blames China’s central govt for lack of transparency: "As a local govt official, after I get this kind of info I still have to wait for authorization before I can release it…This is 1 thing people didn’t understand at the time.”🙄 #2019_nCov 
From : Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
More with less: @Target has about 4,000 #IT employees, down from roughly 10,000 before Michael McNamara became #CIO in 2015 - via 
At a closed-door GOP lunch before Monday's trial session began, Sen. Mitt Romney of Utah spoke forcefully about the need to have John Bolton testify. McConnell advised patience. New Sen. Kelly Loeffler attacked Romney on Twitter. 
More Unborn Babies Disguising Themselves As Baby Yoda To Avoid Being Aborted 
$PFE Pfizer’s New Drugs Surge as Strategy Shifts 
What the hell is wrong with these Republicans??? @GOP ________________________________ GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
2) glasses as the trial was called to order, letting the other Republican senators know that they could catch a solid eight hours of sleep behind the clever disguise. 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Bolton’s fall from rock-rib neocon to supposed opportunist left heads reeling. “Bolton,” Kilmeade told Grisham, “who’s a contributor here &amp; has always been upstanding &amp; very candid, if nothing else, &amp; honest…” “Was,” Doocy corrected. “Was a contributor.” 
“The U.K. is our most important relationship, it’s a very strategic relationship,” Mr. Mnuchin said. “The U.S. and the U.K. have very similar economies. I think this will be a very important relationship.” via 
On Monday, a flight from Nagoya to Shanghai was delayed five hours after passengers refused to board with tourists from Wuhan. Passengers who had recently been to Hubei were seated separately and placed in quarantine upon arrival. @StephanieAYang 
CRAZY STORY! Are you people kidding??? Wtf believes this!?!? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star”, Explains Jim Bakker | 
HYSTERICAL!! LMAO!! ' #Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #StormyDaniels #Trump #GOP #MAGA #KAG 
Past 48 hours have been raw, emotional, tragic &amp; shocking, especially w/ #Kobe now gone. Hopefully, let's make 1 minute count. #God has not abandoned us &amp; if we turn to #Jesus, then everything will be better. It all depends on us. 
‘They Can’t #Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say #Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
@IlhanMN Well I’m here to defend America and it’s values!! You will be defeated because God is alive and well!! America first!! You have NO IDEAS!! You only have handouts!! No more freebies!! 
markets: Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them 
buckle up. 
Everyone knows the democrats don't have an electable candidate. It is easy to see who is un-electable but no one knows what an electable candidate looks like.....there certainly are none in the Democrat party that is electable. 
“the U.S. cam­paign spi­raled into a for­eign-pol­icy de­ba­cle, thwarted by fa­mil­iar ad­ver­saries, Rus­sia and Cuba...Tur­key and In­dia...helped Ve­nezuela side­step U.S. sanc­tions and..op­po­si­tion ac­tivists. The EU watched from the side­lines” 
Match made in heaven. 
The strategy seems to have generated shareholder value: 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
With #SuperBowlLIV just a few days away, advertisers are gearing up for their biggest night of the year. Here's a brief history of how #SuperBowl commercials have changed throughout the years: #football 
Biden Quips That Ernst's Remark on His Standing in Iowa Was 'Pretty Subtle' 
Bwhaha, good, serves you all right for blocking justice. -GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
#Chinese President #XiJinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of #coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men. TURMOIL AT THE TOP? #HongKong #Xinjiang #Econ ⁦@judeblanchette⁩ ⁦@mcgregorrichard⁩ 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. 
Xi claims himself as ‘god’, he doesn’t want anything unpredictable to happen because he knows he can’t control or fix anything. He can force people to denounce their religion or describe himself as Jesus, but the truth is he is just another pathetic loser 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message, "He Trying To Win Election" 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Reports GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via 
graphic sans text from this #coronoavirus #2019nCoV story 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
U.S. expands airport screening to 20 airports for #coronavirus #travel #health #alerts via 
#WR: This is a paragraph to remark "Any country would struggle to cope with a viral outbreak of this scale, but the deficiencies in China’s public-health system are endemic. " via 
Wow! Like we live in China! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Hey @jaketapper You blew it. The point raised: Was it really US foreign policy TO MAKE A THREAT THAT #Ukraine HAD 6 HOURS TO FIRE ONE OFFICiAL as @JoeBiden bragged he did? @CNN @TheDemocrats @GOP 
Alternatives to Google? Your Search Returned No Results: the net’s gate keeper is blocking the entrance. "It can crush its competition, and consumer choice, merely by submerging competitors’ websites in a murky sea of search results." 
Former Goldman Sachs Banker Pleads Guilty in Insider-Trading Case - 
Whoa: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” 
: 05bda67e-1be9-4f3a-b088-c01f91ff976c 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
@CNN while you're at it put lipsticks on the 🐽 🐽 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings (a parodial comment) 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Unintended, yet positive consequences of their ecosystem...@Apple 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
@brocanteuse @Adrian4Bernie @johncusack Yes, let's continue to look a gift horse in the mouth. Brilliant. 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
‘He Is a Dictator’ 
T🇺🇸State Dpt has is­sued a travel ad­vi­sory, urg­ing Amer­i­cans to re­con­sider travel to🇨🇳due to the risk of in­fec­tion in ..quar­an­tines im­posed in nu­mer­ous cities around t coun­try. T CDC rec­om­mends avoid­ing all nonessen­tial travel to🇨🇳 
Get on the train. Food and beverage is the fastest-growing U.S. Ecommerce segment, with an estimated $22.63 billion in sales last year and projected to nearly double by 2022, to $40.04 billion. #ecommerce #nctech RapidOps, Inc. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
@douglittlejr @Bustoff1 @GregMatson @BARBARABURGSTA1 @WalshFreedom @deep_navy @GOP @realDonaldTrump @Google @MikeBloomberg @SDNYnews @UMChurch I’ve got an article for you😱🤣🤣🤣 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Tuesday to Bring Update on Fed’s Market Intervention Plans, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy #repo - 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
“The administration is counting on fear to amplify the damage [to #immigrant families],” said @CLASPOlivia. #ProtectFamilies #PublicCharge #SCOTUS via @MHackman @brkend 
Now Republicans will turn their strategy to making witness depositions classified and confidential so no one can hear them. 
Holocaust Survivors Recall Exact Day Holocaust Started Right Out Of The Blue 
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said 
"Based on the demand impact of SARS into 2020, Goldman Sachs last week forecast a drop in daily oil demand of 260,000 barrels, including a 170,000 barrel-a-day loss of jet-fuel demand." 
@junaid_aslam is a long running satire site, but they went heavy on the truth &amp; extra light on the satire in this "article". 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings! 😂😂 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via Increase the balance sheet of the Fed, increase the banking system, leaks into stocks. 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
"Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not" on the new boss. 
From opinion: German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
@alanhe @JaxAlemany @SenJoniErnst Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
How long will it take the Palestinians to reject this deal, as they have every other one? 
Targeted ads may soon show you what you really want before you knew you did. 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis - great scoop by @lindsaywise and @siobhanhughes on the GOP vote count for witnesses via 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Europe Girds for Trade Battle With U.S. 
I can't love this company too much. A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
@GavinNewsom just halted criminal executions. Yet executing the unborn “illegally” residing in Sanctuary State wombs continues. Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@BitchPatYoWeave I dunno...Kobe didn't have Jesus' "Ascension Dunk". 
Managing the psychological contagion from Wuhan may be the most important task for U.S. policy makers, writes @HolmanJenkins via 
BorgWarner agreed to buy Delphi Technologies in an all-stock transaction that values Delphi at about $3.3 billion and would combine two major auto-parts makers. 
@jbouie @itisfofe That's the whole deal though, right? 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns via @BernieSanders #NotMeUs Keep our eyes wide OPEN 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #ArtificialIntelligence #AI #ML via 
Strong results from United Technologies’ core aerospace business only highlight unanswered questions about its merger with defense company Raytheon. 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It #TornadoTrump 
Teaser for Hugo Mercier's new book "Not Born Yesterday: The Science of Who We Trust and What We Believe." At least $6 billion will be spent on political campaigns in the U.S. this year. But does all that money make a difference to the results? 
🇺🇸 AirPods: the new it item among the playground set 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
Kennan Advised U.S. Not to Provoke Russia - 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat #MAGA #TRUMP 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys #satire #humor 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
The helicopter crash that killed basketball great Kobe Bryant and his daughter also claimed the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of the sports community in Orange County, where Bryant lived 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
🐐🐐🐐 Kobe, Forever 🐐🐐 
ah, the good old days 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@presentefect @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws. #Regulation #ePresence #ePublicist 
Heightened US security focus on Iranian Travelers @GlobalCRL @hand 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The population is AGING. The older you get, the cooler you get. That could very well have skewed the results. They should have shown an old person in the photo. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Gains and gains 
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan Did Hitler Killed the jews in war ? We are talking about the civilian murders by communism 
This is incredible. 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
🤣😂 Sosa Ross Igbe for real this guy🤣 
Minnesota Man Forced To Warm Himself In Tauntaun Carcass 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Finally, reality hits. 
The Middle East has been very active this month. 
Wonder if this ever made it into the medical production stream in volume??? Should have been made readily available sometime in 2019. 
Pretty much what he said. Americans made the wrong choice last time and there is no reason to trust them this time either if you listen to @repadamSchiff! 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via AGREE!! 
@HillaryClinton @NewsHour Says it all 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
@billy_penn My favorite. 
I Am Fun 
@Damocleansword NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Not satire. 
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans 
UK better be ready to start losing freedom of speech soon. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
👀Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies 
Interesting... #Budweiser beer has been brewed there (#Wuhan) since 1995 ( 
A new report shows how Warren and Sanders’s proposed wealth taxes would force U.S. assets into foreign hands, writes @Freeman 
'Look, Is That Trump Committing An Impeachable Offense?' Mitch McConnell Says, Distracting Dems While More Conservative Judges Sneak By 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via ⁦⁦@tylergabriel_⁩ , ⁦@katie_honan⁩ 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
chicken is not a breakfast food don’t @ me 
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin via 
If #Bolton wants to tell what he knows, he doesn't need to wait to be ask to testify before the Senate. All this drama is about selling books - via John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
: dde65242-b7ca-4d87-a508-043253b365c6 
Trump's team targets Bolton’s credibility 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Truth! Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
You don't say. "The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of allegedly lying to the U.S. about millions in Chinese funding he has received," misleading about "participation in China’s Thousand Talents Plan." 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 187 points as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt via ⁦@PeterGrantwsj⁩ 
Who knew? “I grew up in Italy, so it will have a place near my heart, al­ways,” he said in a 2011 ra­dio in­ter­view in flu­ent Ital­ian.” 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
6/ Last weekend in an interview with @wsj ’s @ericsyvlers &amp; @sarah_mcfarlane Eni’s CEO Claudio Descalzi said that he will step down if convicted of corruption in the Milan trial. 
@notWhyz @Broadsword_6 Just walked through the door so lazy google search, but yeah. 
#Biden2020 @JoeBiden Add Venezuela to the countries that Trump has LOST out of incompetence, avarice, corruption or a combination. The others: Cuba, Syria, Iraq (TRIED to abandon NATO, So. Korea-- Patriots intervened). 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending via 
@LindseyGrahamSC Stooge. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
Babylon Bee gets it right! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Must read! #pat'sfun stuff #feedly 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
@PaHouseDems @RepPattyKim @GovernorTomWolf @SenTartaglione @SenatorHaywood So quit taxing out of our homes and state. #LowerTheTaxes 
@SenCoryGardner speaks finally #Colorado. He is trying to suppress witnesses with his buddy McSally. Disqualifying Senator. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #ImpeachmentHearings #ImpeachmentTrial 
I love the so much 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Wall Street Journal 
@SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @OrrinHatch @SenatorRomney @tedcruz @marcorubio @RandPaul @ChuckGrassle @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler Damn man, @realDonaldTrump, why didn't you just tell us you were sharing gospel talk. I get it! 
@nchaunceywolf @BenPeters2 Reminds me of this: 
Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane? 
NEW per : @senatemajldr does not have the votes to block witnesses 
“Don’t bleed into the guacamole.” Super Bowl fans try to avoid avocado-related injuries. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
It's kind of true though. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@mefbama @RoTrader33 @merdemill @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford McGahn's subpoena is still being argued in Fed Appeals court. Admin lost first round. Now the DOJ is arguing, the courts should not get involved in disputes between Congress and the executive branch. Read these articles. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. Via ⁦@coryramey⁩ 
@angelnjacksmom2 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 #humor #art 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Good News 
"First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Rings" 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via 
I don't totally follow the science here, but fascinating to learn whether anti-viral drugs that treat HIV could be used to treat the newest coronavirus, as they apparently helped in dealing with SARS 
PBS Snooze Hour #joke #reality 
@RobertNWilson77 just so you know -- is a satire site 😊 
@Bernie_2k20 DuckDuckGo it. Google is in their pocket. All of these articles came out the 26th - TWO DAYS AGO. They were hoping nobody would notice til after the Iowa caucus NEXT WEEK! We have to stage a run on ActBlue &amp; take our donations back to get their attention. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Disney Drops ‘Fox’ From Twentieth Century Movie Studio Name - #disney 
I regret to inform you that this is smart. Trump consolidated the national conservative media pretty quickly, but local papers were generally more honesty about his perfidy in 2016. 
cc: @RepAdamSchiff @brianstelter CNN and Ignorance via 
Blood-Soaked Mayor Bloomberg Announces Homelessness No Longer A Problem In New York City 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hahahaha... "'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker" 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
It’s a wakeup call to read the @wsj editorial after the @nytimes’ on Bolton. “There was no crime, and Mr. Trump’s mil­i­tary sup­port for Ukraine con­tin­ues to be far more ro­bust than Barack Oba­ma’s.” 
Tweet from () () Tweeted: Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
They are already tampering with the 2020 election. They always accuse others on what they are doing; Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Risk of new Coronavirus infections in the US is low 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via A direct result of Trump’s massive tax cut for the rich and huge military spending. 
Nice story on Google's planned invasion of San Jose via 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed a very deeply sad satire on the immorality of our social fabric today 
: Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
@chillyhades Here's some sources that aren't vox - 
The Tax Increases to Come via Is this what you want for the future? 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People #FeelTheBern because Bernie Sanders as POTUS is a death sentence to every living and breathing person in America☠️⚰️☹️ 
What if, after your heart stops, your brain remains active for 10 minutes, 38 seconds? This is the premise of Elif Shafak’s "10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World." 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
Major stock indexes closed higher Tuesday even as bonds briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October 
At press time, Sanders attempted to transition to discussing policy before being cut off and forced to draw the vulva. 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains convicted confidence trickster and felon Jim Bakker 
#LuxuryRealEstate in the #Washing #DC metro area sets a new bar with the sale of of the home of #AOL co-founder #JamesVKimsey for $45M 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 
Executive Turnover Clouds Deutsche Bank's Wall Street Future 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall #satire 
Anarchy Symbol Updated To Appeal To Today's Teens 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
MyPOV; much needed social norms in the sky! from conf calls and vids w/o headsets to #barefeet #RoadWarriors Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
The chances of the Senate impeachment trial hearing new testimony mounted in the wake of new allegations about Bolton's allegations over Trump’s motivation to freeze aid to Ukraine. (via @wsj) 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
@AllanKirkhart @Recursion_Agent @AndToddsaid You will see the Bee appear in my timeline virtually every day. The Cow is a paid subscriber to the BB. CNN has complained shrilly about , and that is a fine tribute to satire. Apparently, fake news does not like competition. 
Why Americans Should Worry About China's Food Safety Problems via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | 
. . Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
Kobe Bryant's helicopter wasn't equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system as it descended at 2,000 feet per minute before a "high-energy impact crash." Tonight's news story with @ailworth and the team: 
China Holds Back Some Ships from Calling at Wuhan @wsj 
New research from @ChicagoBooth's Eric Budish, et al., finds eliminating latency arbitrage would reduce the cost of trading by 17%. Via : 
the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said. It's not a game, it's our foreign policy,&amp; #trump's abuse of same. #consentofthegoverned #WitnessesAndDocuments #seventyfivepercent 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Trump bankrupting USA same as his businesses. “Not since World War II has the coun­try seen deficits dur­ing times of low un­em­ploy­ment that are as large as those that we project” The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
$84.7 Billion 13 hours ago Wall Street Journal, but if you don't have a subscription - wait, I'll find another one. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston via 
@JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Is this what your God wants to be preached? So the story of the day is that Trump had sex with Stormy Daniels, right after Melania had their baby? The story is that Trump was trying to see if Stormy believed in the Lord????? 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages - 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
theofrancisRT greg_ip: Even though homes aren’t tradable, like soybeans or car parts, home prices across the world have become increasingly synchronized, and they're in a synchronized slowdown, sechaney reports. … 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption di 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@Ezra_Nola @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Civil Whites Movement 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
▶️ Video: Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
Wearing old fur still promotes it as fashionable, increasing acceptance and resulting in more furry victims. Instead, donate old fur to help orphaned animals in wildlife sanctuaries, Australian fires, etc. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
Try not to stab yourself 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns via #ASC842 #Accounting #leases #reporting #publiccompanies #valuation #audit 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Man Beginning To Worry That Best Meals Already Behind Him 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@SenCoryGardner @SenSchumer @SenateForeign Put politics aside @SenCoryGardner and stop blocking impeachment witnesses. Gardner's spokesman confirmed to that he doesn't care about Truth: "Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman." 
Priorities! 
🤣🤣Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Miami Hotels Are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV 
Haha 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Is it ever OK to go barefoot on a plane? No. The answer is no. It is never OK. via 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
▶️ Video: TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
@AliceAvizandum HOLY SHIT Man Walks on Fucking Moon 
Prosecutors have brought a series of cases in recent months alleging that researchers at U.S. universities and labs didn’t disclose funding they were receiving from such programs, or tried to steal information to take to China. via 
Uh, isn’t that what democracy is all about? We’ve had to put up with both WJC and BHO for 8 years and both made a mess of the country. 
The #Pharmacist Is Out: #Supermarkets Close #Pharmacy Counters #Regional #grocery chains get #squeezed by consolidation, shrinking profits in prescription drugs #trends 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela #cdnpoli 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Child Who Just Lost Balloon Begins Lifelong Battle With Depression 
Hong Kong-listed stocks dropped sharply on their first trading day after the Lunar New Year break 
: a06d301b-5a65-4738-9118-4b1eec37a2f3 
Decelerating growth remains tailwind for REITS. 
@csd @SenFeinstein @davidfrum If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in the next election. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief to join NYT. 😏 ⁦@mizdonna⁩ ⁦@NHMommy1⁩ ⁦@Cara_TXZEAL⁩ ⁦@UrUnpaidPundit⁩ ⁦@LJT_is_me⁩ ⁦@Elaines2cents⁩ ⁦@KellySunshineT1⁩ ⁦@TexasKelGirl⁩ ⁦@weebutmightiest⁩ 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
#Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of #Pacific Ocean: 
HOO BOY: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Oh no. 
In Major Deal, The Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN. Bwah! Ha! Ha! Ha! 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Jobs, Cook, Ive—Blevins? The Rise of Apple’s Cost Cutter - 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
It has gotten to the point that it is near impossible to distinguish between satire and real life... 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@luckymummy1001 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . “Laughable “ omg really 
#PaulaWhite performed a barrage of examinations on the president’s spiritual health to test his orthodoxy, and confirmed he’s “in perfect spiritual condition.” #DonaldTrump #Hilarious #FakeNews but sadly it could be true. #TrumpIsGuilty 
@Splatypus76 @Zac_Petkanas Reminds me of this: 
Why invest? A 22-year-old’s tough questions about capitalism via 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Some senators say the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging 
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial Reality show? 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
: "racy texts" me: CALL THEM SEXTS ALREADY 
About like that... 
A vote for any democrat equals a vote to empty your pocket. #VoteWithYourWallet Vote #Trump2020 The Tax Increases to Come - 
Gambling content won’t be slowing down, fuck. 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
The impact of the coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than when SARS hit. @Spencerjakab explains. #WhatsNow 
State Department urges Americans to reconsider travel to China due to the risk of coronavirus infection; CDC recommends avoiding all nonessential travel to China 
Fuck me sideways, are they serious with this shit??? 
@ScottAdamsSays Re #coronavirus the person you were asking about is Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, and they are explaining now: 
@GynoStar ... Again, it's uncanny how on point they are at times.😅🤣 Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
@jasoncrawford If words aren’t tied to very precise meanings their meanings drift over time. John McWhorter has written some interesting things along these lines on how difficult it is to understand Shakespeare: 
Looks like some of the GOP are throwing DJT under the bus today. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
lol! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - Excellent piece by Bill McGurn in opinion 
This is usual: Rick Scott, a Republican senator from Florida, is airing ads in Iowa bashing Joe Biden and his son ahead of the Democratic presidential caucuses. 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? | 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
5 Things To Know About Prince Harry And Meghan Markle’s Split From The Royal Family #comedy #lol 
Worth a read. Possibly fodder for Sanders/Warren 
: “at a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called” #SuckItMitch 
@SGUYBRAY Reminds me of a lil classic : Gay-Pride Parade Sets Mainstream Acceptance Of Gays Back 50 Years 
Dear Mrs. @BettyBowers and Mrs. @DevenGreen if you need inspiration for future sketches here you go: You welcome 😋 
Bolton refused to testify unless he was subpoenaed!! The house had their chance! 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
@joerogancomedy @joeroganLiberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election. 
California Considering Tax On Breathing, figures ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ 
Apple's latest iPhone blowout was a nice - and inconvenient - surprise. For heard - 
Iran's Leaders Work to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests 
The video-sharing app TikTok, popular for its whimsical content, is getting increasingly political. ’s @shelbyholliday explains why experts fear it could give rise to misinformation. 
Nation's Progressive Christians Applaud Hell For Being So Inclusive 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@GOP @PamBondi 1. No special experience is required to sit on the board of a US or Ukrainian company. 2. Joe Biden was anti-corruption in Ukraine. 3. Ivanka's trademarks. The Trump Org's foreign investments while Don Jr. and Eric travel around. And this: 
What is best in life? To crush the arguments of egalitarians, to see them driven to exegesis, and to hear their women reading Lamentations! Conan the Barbarian...probably The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
Everyone Loses on Huawei 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. 
: Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
🚨 : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
At the center of Davos, #ClimateChange and ideas for tackling the crisis were the main drivers of discussion. 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales. A proposito di oceano blu.... Leggere fino in fondo 
Maybe American voters WILL get to hear from witnesses. KEEP CALLING! They work for us. #WitnessesAndDocuments #ImpeachmentTrial 
Legal experts warm of possible anti-trust issues. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Astros Fire Trash Can Responsible For Sign-Stealing Scandal 
This is huge! Since CNN NEVER tells the truth, maybe they can do comedy/satire now. I might actually watch...(Not really) 😂 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
#The: More fact than satire. #SenateImpeachmentTrial #SenateCoverup 
UK's Financial Conduct Authority says high-speed trading costs other investors $5 billion per year: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
This is so very cool! She’s 75, and a Step Ahead of Her Competition - 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Another Woman Comes Forward To Accuse Trump Of Existing Against Her Wishes | 
Fed might revive strategy for coping with downturn -- 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
😂 John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Interesting article. 3 gop sen don’t want witnesses because it would drag on too long &amp; they’re facing tough challengers in 2020 elections. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@psocialbuterfly @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Got'ta Luv BabylonBee After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings #iNCNF @NFofSC @AJChwick @ZENINEWS @NewRightNetwork @EtheElephant1 @EpochTimes 
Entrepreneurs Are Better Off Going It Alone, Study Says 
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via 
@Boston_Grandpa @BostonStrongB @actionp24 @ACJJustice @DCooper_Resists @Cptnrwrpnts @bjcreigh @AVestige1 @CannabizLawyr @brat2381 @BlueBobHMueller @Kimmerella16 @Supermom1242 @debsomewhere @eronel35 @GaryBetsy @Sparkies53 @bdonikian @Jabbadaddy2016 @BrienneOfSnark_ @BigotedVsBigots @bkgut3 @MissGFYCuffy @caramba0309 @gramV319 @nullnotvoid @Distracted66 @EnigMaRic @ellenc53 @luisafontana @truthtalk4once @fdell3 @MichelleResists @FallenAngelAll @eestesx3 @nicole_bertrand @darknessn2light @backspring2011 @scoootchover @xlawyer90 @IamKarenBoBaran @BlueCollarBret @JodyJodyvie @GOVTWINE @agingactivist @nickey1969 @Msmariablack @MrDarkWolfe @harmony71567 PLEASE SAY IT’S TRUE 🤞🏻#Witnesses 
The campaign’s head of talent and two cybersecurity aides parted ways with the campaign this month. The campaign describes them as “mid level” staffers. In now deleted tweets, one of the aides vented about his experience. 
Is China testing nice biological practicality tst of weaker virus before engineering main weapon? Very few Chinese close allies affected the virus @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @USArmy @who @NSAGov @CIA @NIH @CCDC_ChemBio @CDCgov 
2 Prepare For The Worst, Democrats Purchase Funeral Plot For Ginsburg On Ancient Indian Burial Ground 
@DrLangworthy this article accurately describes me, only move the date to about 1998 :) 
If you’re wondering what to do with that old fur in your closet, consider donating it to a wildlife rescue or sanctuary. They use them for animal bedding. Such a wonderful way to turn an outdated and ugly fashion statement into something really beautiful. 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 
On the latest podcast, @The_Kyle_Mann and @AXECOP welcome McGill Alexander, a former South African Army officer to talk about what it means to love your enemies as Jesus taught us. LISTEN: 
@MonkeyWithKeys @BoianMarvin @Yo_Susanna @JonahDispatch @SenRickScott @SpecialReport For example, when I google, it says Monica Lewinsky was never a Senate witness. 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment..... 
Oh my; truly, does abide. 
"a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election. “This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency,”  
Satire Tweet 4 () "CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus" 
At least $6 billion will be spent on US political campaigns in 2020. But does that $$ make a difference to results? Evidence from Alan Gerber, @dbroockman &amp; @j_kalla shows that ads rarely affect us the way personal convos can via #EGAPMembersInTheNews 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
"We've long admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly, and we're thrilled to have them under 's umbrella," said CEO Seth Dillon @CNN @wolfblitzer @ChrisCuomo @donlemon @brianstelter @CillizzaCNN @AC360 👇 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response as Travel Barriers Rise - Wall Street Journal 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
@TimNissen1 @JewelsJourneys Actually, he was pretty pro-business and fiscally conservative as mayor of Burlington. He talks a good game, but his record is that of a not-terribly-effective old white dude. He didn't deliver progressively once in office. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Stacey Abrams Still Living In VR Simulation Of Alternate Reality Where She Won Georgia Election 
This is as relevant as ever. 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
"If this keeps up, we're really gonna have to burn the midnight oil and put in 25 or even 30 hours," whined Rep. Adam Schiff. "That leaves me hardly any time for taking bribes from lobbyists!" 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ #joke #art 
@yukkuriyankey Cost of Living Now Outweights Benefits [Sorry for a flippant response to a serious problem. YMMV, but that's really the only way that I personally can cope with existential crises.] 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Do you need identity theft protection? Try these no-cost measures to help protect yourself! 
Tokyo Portal Outage Delays Millions Of Japanese Warp Commuters 
Here's what I wrote about it in the @wsj in 2006: 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Lisa Birnbach and I are having coronaries. Encouraged by the mandate given to Ms Singer to return to classic styling, but her background screams 'Moar Spandex!'. "J.Crew hires former Victoria’s Secret exec Jan Singer as CEO also: 
Is this a joke? Either way, it will be. CNN expects this new format to lead to improved ratings. 
Do I see a glimpse of light at the end of the tunnel? 😱 “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” - 
BREAKING: “At a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called.” #JohnBolton #Trump #Ukraine 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
markets: The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future: Cheap borrowing has fueled bond issuance, but repayment deadlines in coming years are raising concerns via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Immigrants Come to America to Work. 
LMFAO😄😄😄😄😄😆 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #Technology #Information 
Jerry Falwell Jr. Whips Out Sword To Hack Ear Off Man Who Briefly Criticized Donald Trump | 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory on Monday 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
@tits_haver Somewhat related: 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' | 
Quite the BEE sting! 😂😂😂😂😂 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Air-traffic control is in the midst of a major change: Shift from radar to GPS should make tracking faster and more accurate, allowing more planes in the air 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay Let them stay there. No, make them stay there. 
⁦@theMMPodcast ⁦@billburr⁩ -⁩ disgusting! Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the sickening wildlife trade in recent years and public calls for a permanent ban on wild animal meat via 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Progressives Admit They're Just Not Used To Killing People Who Might Fight Back | 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
No story, but LOL! The image! "Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth" From . 
@CharlesPPierce How Confidential Documents Get Stored at the White House 
@sarahncotton This me after every time I take a kickboxing class: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bahahhahahahahahaha!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
» Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Too soon? #giants #GiantsChat #GiantsNation #giantspride #EliManning 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Up from the 5 a week they work now 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
“Ms. Warren has been forcefully advocating that women are electable” 
The Vatican is in trouble. Only a fraction of the annual Peter's Pence collection goes to the needy Hard-earned, donated monies are going to administrative costs &amp; more. Fiscal mismanagement, questionable investments are factors #OneVoice2020 #wtpTEAM 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Retail CFOs Grow More Cautious About Investment and Expansion in 2020. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
$AMZN Amazon Scoops Up More Warehouse Space on Staten Island 
CBO projects historically large U.S. budget deficits—topping $1 trillion/year for the next decade and hitting levels not seen since WWII—driving debt to 98% of GDP by 2030. More context and details by @RichardRubinDC here: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Didn’t occur to me my little tweet would get so much attention or I’d’ve included links to the stories (I’ve tweeted them out before): and 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Republican senators when the impeached president is a Democrat: 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
#TrumpSupportersHaveLostIt!! Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Cool client alert! - Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via #client 
Joseph Stalin Warns Dems May Be Going Too Far Left 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Demon Lord Clearly Visible In New York Senate Chamber Applauding Legalization Of Abortion Until Moment Of Birth 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Democrats Vow To Close Dangerous Gun-Buying Loophole Known As 'The Second Amendment' 
@marklevinshow "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
The GOP needs to reclaim the mantel of fiscal responsibility 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
But first she spanked The Devil out of him with that Forbes Magazine! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California - $KOAN #CannabisCommunity 
"Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That." Good story featuring @bankstreetedu Family Center. My kids went there, it is amazing, and every child should have same opportunity. 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
This is good. Until now, I didn’t know that there was a concerted federal effort to crack down on “Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities.” 
Editorial: The John Bolton Report “Mr. Bolton could do it in a public statement, a TV interview, or an op-ed in this publication. Our editors are standing by.” 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
"Researchers at Emory University, who examined the avocado-hand phenomenon in a study published last year..." 
@TheTruthbreak @zarahsultana I support Palestine more than anyone but they are in the grip of gangsters and cronies. Omar Karsou was my best friend - God rest his soul. And he knew way more than you about the realites and taught me. 
Recipe Passed Down From Grandma Gussied Up To Be Less Poor 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Some incredible examples here of how the #retail experience can be enhanced with technologies such as smart displays, object-recognition software and more. Anyone seeing these or similar advancements used in stores already? 
Election Fraud Suspected After Vladimir Putin Wins North Carolina Congressional Race 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
This seems significant. 
@StephenGutowski Do they have any of these? 
SEB Posts Forecast-Beating Profits 
SCOOP: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
This is too funny 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean - 
How will Bernie be able to recover from this endorsement? 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. ⁦@Chandjay3⁩ 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
⁦@RadioFreeTom⁩ Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
@NBCNews Just one more: @NBCNews proves with their article they’re incapable of fair &amp; balanced reporting as they present a hate Trump based view of Trump’s suggested plan WHICH IS CLEARLY AN OPENING TO NEGOTIATIONS. If you want an adult view, read this from . 
Love this 
@HitlerPuncher It sounds like this 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump is a satire website. Please verify before spreading misinformation. 
While I’m disappointed that the U.K. has opted to work with #Huawei given the real security risks that this creates, today’s decision is an entirely predictable result of the Trump Admin’s failed foreign policy. 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
Say what? ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
@LincolnKupchak @corbijo @JoshuaPotash @AlexandraChalup You would literally have to be TRYING to be uniformed to not know. It’s common knowledge. 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
In case you haven't been keeping up with the Democrats' #ImpeachmentSham in the Senate, this is basically the gist of their opening arguments: 
@WesleyMcCraw Luckily we still have 
Is the senate actually going to give a fair impeachment trial? Am I dreaming? 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
To con­sol­i­date regime control, the Guardian Coun­cil of #Iran, which vets all can­di­dates &amp; is controlled by #Khamenei, has dis­qual­i­fied large num­bers of reformists from the upcoming election, some of whom serve in the cur­rent parliament ~ 
❤️YES❤️🇺🇸Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Maybe a break. Regardless, keep calling. Senator @JohnBoozman: (202) 224-4843 @SenTomCotton: (202) 224-2353 Switchboard: (202) 224-3121 #ARpx 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@Unfiltrd_Truth @tribelaw @ChristopherHahn McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses: Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
.@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP &amp; @SenateGOP with their tax cuts have doomed our nation to insolvency worse than what the Soviet Union had prior to it's disintegration. #RepealGOPTaxCuts #SlashMilitarySpending #TaxTheRich #SpendOnOurNation 
Thank you ! ‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week - brutal 
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs via #2 - Poor customer service &amp; a CEO focused on profits b4 safety and passengers-that is why I don't fly @American any longer. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Automated Story: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
20 years ago this week from : "Area Supervisor Hates To Break Up Little Party" 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
After WeWork, real estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth 
There's truth and then there's truth 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon, In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan - 
Federal Reserve Is Low on Ammunition 
#CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch #FoxNews And Yell At It #CNNisTrash #CNNisGarbage #CNNIsFakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNewsCNN #fakenewsmafia #liberaltears #LiberalHypocrisy #MSM #liberalmedia #DemocratsTheEnemyWithin #TheMediaIsTheEnemy 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists #art #humor 
🇺🇸📰🗞️The Wall Street Journal . Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal #RumboAlCrecimientoProductivo (@IVANGZAMA @ivangarciazama @Notivargas @FOXMULDER7 @TecnicaHipica @diariopuerto @Diario_Pueblo_ @DiarioZama @RadioZama)🗞️📰🇺🇸 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 🤔😂😂😂 Lethality ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@nytimes⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ @RepAdamSchiff⁩ #HouseManagers 
May both of my boys be REBELS. 
Utter bullshit. The GOP KNOWS what's in Bolton's book. They KNOW Trump is guilty. They want a private reading so they can figure out how to spin their ongoing support &amp; complicity in his crimes. Shameful. via 
To be fair, he made her a sandwich later (y) ~ 
"No stop signs from Rome." Francis wants schism. 
When patriots spot false flag indicators ahead of time and expose them, deep state is forced to call the events off. #PatriotsFight #Winning 🇺🇸👊 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
For First Time, J&amp;J CEO Testifies in a Talcum-Powder Court Case 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. Shares rose 2.3% afterhours. 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
#Trumps U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus @realDonaldTrump 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Turmeric Equaled the Effects of the Prescription Drug #Prozac w/o Adverse Effects via # 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - This is completely insane. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Man Suddenly Realizes He Was Duped By Commercial’s Romanticized Vision Of Canned Beans 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth ⁦⁩ #CRE #RealEstate #Multifamily 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
The importance of understanding mechanism. This beautiful piece by Amy Dockser Marcus in #wsj describes how the gaps left by statistical inference in health care can change one's life. 
China is everywhere burrowing in, and we’ve allowed it. Trump must stop this. “Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China” 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela via 
@FunPatroll @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Seems like this worked for Bakker. Gaslighting on steroids. JFC! 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
@red_hankelrod Well God bless him. Wonder if “Gospel” is code for penis, for those fake virtue religious profiteers? 
A banker at a Portuguese bank apparently hanged himself after Angola prosecutors named him as a suspect in a probe of alleged money laundering via 
ICYMI: Our look at the helicopter flight that killed #KobeBryant and everyone else onboard. w/ @bzcohen 
Oscars Committee Announces New Host: Jordan Peterson | 
Why Capex Can’t Catch a Break 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Sanders Campaign Raises Pay To $700 Per Hour By Laying Off Everyone Except Bernie | 
Extreme Vegan Has All Meat Removed From Body | 
Will 5G Reinvent Working From Home? - Wall Street Journal "While 5G may pave the way for immersive videoconferencing, experts say employees and employers will need to expend effort to make remote work actually work." #remotework #futureofwork 
If you don't see now, the absolute bought, and paid for hypocrisy at play here... If ANY of this resonates as a possibility of taking place in reality-then where you live, probably is not reality... Try not to throw up. 👇🏾🤒👎🏾👇🏾🤒 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
markets: What are 'yield caps' and how do they fit into the Federal Reserve's plans? 
@realDonaldTrump So do your failures. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. 
OMFG is there a more insane person than Trump? Found him. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces / it would be a huge improvement~~ 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Bar Louie abruptly closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders via 
@mikegalsworthy So sad about @Peston .he used to be a reputable journalist . Now it’s like Jeremy Kyle it alright under @itvnews code for him the be Lisa Nancys campaign champion in the media and give her extra airtime? emotive language about blood on hands about Starmer 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
My ninth crossword #wsjxw is out now! Hope you enjoy. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. #Republicans had hoped to wrap up the #SenateTrial with an acquittal of the president by this week. 
@justinamash I guess @justinamash is a liar. Sad. "The House declined to subpoena him (Bolton) in an effort to move quickly and not get bogged down in court fights." 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The humanities have been infected by political correctness and ‘repressive tolerance.’ It’s no surprise that the English major is in decline, writes @wjmcgurn via 
What you need to know about: #FICO Changes Could Lower Your #CreditScore I'm trying hard to gain followers so please follow me on Twitter - Thank You. #ConsumerCredit #ObtainCredit #Debt #CreditRisk #RiskManagement #Lending #CreditScoring #InstantCredit 
CNN continues to plummet down the sewer! 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Here's the latest on what you need to know about #2019nCoV. via 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
“We have already seen far too many senseless deaths as a result of this outbreak, so I vow here and now that those official death toll numbers will remain unchanged.” 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
@realDonaldTrump You’re killing us with this stuff Fatman. You’re running the country like you ran your casinos...into the ground and bankrupt. 
Once again... reporting the facts, not writing satire: 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Mitch is a Master .... 
We can't have a trial without witnesses! 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Today, @realDonaldTrump will release his Middle East peace plan. I look forward to reviewing it, and I commend the president for working on a path toward peace in a region of the world with a long history of conflict. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
This latest episode of Presidential Impeachment is pretty lame. I hope the season gets better or I may give up on this show. It needs more action and love interests. 
U.S. Military Bans TikTok Over Ties to China 
“I mean, it’s not like he left behind numerous letters and speeches documenting his actual views.” ELLEN SADLER • SINGLET SEWER 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via 
No surprise from @AmbJohnBolton 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@robinhanson Not just the left: 
Pardon me? Jim Bakker thinks that Donald Trump was just sharing the gospel when he was sharing his semen. According to Tammy Faye Bakker, Jim shared a lot of gospel. These idiots just scream, "I'm a mark for a con man." 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | - He's cheated on every wife! 
@CNN Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Excellent piece highlighting ⁦@Genuent⁩ ⁦@GenTalentPath⁩ ⁦@kip_wright⁩ . Excellent work ⁦@ryancraigap⁩ ⁦@AanandRadia⁩ 
@nytimes @PeteButtigieg @TheRoot @tytinvestigates @michaelharriot @jtlarsen When wine cave cash is not enough: "Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach; Head of talent and cybersecurity aides depart, and some nonwhite staffers criticize a lack of inclusivity," 
Lol...@AOC Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
“The Pentagon is concerned that if US firms can’t continue to ship to Huawei, they will lose a key source of revenue—depriving them of money for R&amp;D needed to maintain a technological edge” The dilemmas of competition on a globalised world. 
Stop this crazy impeachment and read this: 
"I swore an oath to a butterfly holding another butterfly as a murder weapon that I would incorporate all dreams into my own waking dream." 
Forgiving The Man Who Took My Family Hostage: The McGill Alexander Interview #MAGA #TRUMP 
I figure we could all use a good belly laugh right about now. 🤣🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😭😭 “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star”-JB 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed #EndMurder 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
The Air Raid was once considered too extreme for the NFL, and the quarterbacks who played in it weren't supposed to succeed. Then came Patrick Mahomes. 
The (Staggering) Tax Increases to Come via 
More background: 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via ·Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit" Payout for our customer´s interest 
Figures! 
@SoCalValleyGal @Camrynne_Heart @madturk7 @RepRaulGrijalva Nice cherry picking. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
What are we doing guys 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
: Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
$WHR Whirlpool Profits from Higher Prices 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 🤣🤣🤣 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
World’s Most Expensive Precious Metal Surges Amid Emissions Clampdown: 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
Mom Keeps Sending Newspaper Clippings About Former Classmates Who Have Been Murdered 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
It was foggy in LA the day that Kobe Bryant crashed. Any number, however big, when multiplied by zero is zero. 
Nationwide injunctions are threatening our democratic system and undermining the rule of law, writes U.S. Attorney General William P. Barr via 
The Trump team's aggressive push for local news coverage reflects the campaign's vast resources and reveals a strategic goal: to shift focus of coverage away from events dominating the national media, like the impeachment trial: via @catherine_lucey 
Oh, the horror! Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
» Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The Gospel according to Jizz? #impeachTrump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Well, ya gotta be pretty stupid to fall for this one. 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
#BabylonBee no longer satire! 🎀🎀🎀 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
World’s largest brewer has set the bar for a new, data-driven approach to compliance 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@LexxHunter @TeddyRay1 @hollowbot46 @shyvioletisme Don't leave but if you do I suggest you join 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
U. S. business investment fell in December, according to a closely watched proxy measure, providing the latest sign of softness in manufacturing. 
See how easy that was? All gone. 🤪🤪🤪 
@realDonaldTrump How do you think they will start your defense? There are so many ways to defend your pervect behavior. 
We're getting closer to seeing Trump on the hot seat. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Democratic Socialist Candidate's Primary Win Revoked After All Her Votes Forcibly Redistributed 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Let’s ask that Porn Star,Jim Bakker 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
@SocialImpurity Ignorance is no excuse! ;D 
As we got more news on the #people #who #died #alongside #KobeBryant. What a massive lost. We sympathiz with all the families that are morning the lost of their loved one. 😱 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@mkraju So this story is wrong? 
We may yet have witnesses! 
@CharlesMurray does not understand genetics or the purpose of polygenic scores. More importantly, he has no concept of what causality is. A handful of SNPs that "add up" to some observed trait is in no way to be deemed causal. 
TBI is not a headache. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects from @RichardRubinDC 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@KassyDillon @MattWalshBlog &amp; @benshapiro @ElishaKrauss 😂🤣 &lt;cough, cough&gt; 
Dan Savage Disgusted By Letter From Perverted Reader Contemplating Oral Sex 
Via --&gt; * McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses * McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Some New FOMC Voters Ripe for Hawkish Switch, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
@jps6350 @kathy_markovich @wiredowl It's a parody site: 
Electronic trading platform ⁦@MarketAxess⁩ is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find ⁦@MattWirz⁩ 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@realDonaldTrump and the @GOP are reaping the results of their tax cuts, and we're all paying for it. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
AirPods take over the playground. 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
J. F. C. .... Who would have thought electing a 6X bankrupted LOSER-grifter wanna-be mob boss might result in THIS👇❗️ U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career via 
🇺🇸 Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged On Alleged Undisclosed Ties To China. #CharlesLieber #nanotechnology #Harvard #China 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Perhaps when Jesus returns He can make Windows not suck. 
This had me laughing so hard!!! @StormyDaniels, did you lose Jesus again? Does Bakker think Trump will find him on the golf course? #OneVoice1 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"U.S. consumers have seen prices rise for washing machines because of the tariffs." Of course. #protectionism #TheSwamp via 
Pretty good! But this is still the best: 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Let’s keep it that way... 
The newly published diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, starts where the diary of Anne Frank stopped, according to the curator of a new exhibition in Berlin 
Taylor Swift’s ‘Lover’ Wins Grammy For Best Children’s Album #joke #comedy 
****BREAKING NEWS **** 
Imagine a futuristic universe that appears to function fine w/o anyone introducing their “they/them” pronouns, express outrage at being misgendered, or yell, “Stunning and Brave!” every time an LGBTQ character enters a room😂🤣 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Here’s how I think of Coronavirus as a non-expert in the field. Governments always have an incentive to hype up threats (vaping, terrorism). So when they tell you a threat is not that bad, that’s a good indication that it is a manageable problem. 
@HillaryKelly These tweets reminded me of the one good article. But also, I love NY. 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
We should absolutely hear from John Bolton as a witness during this impeachment trial. 
Charles Lieber, chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and NIH about millions in Chinese government funding he received @aviswanatha @kate_okeeffe 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Church Votes Unanimously To Replace Light Bulb In Foyer 
@HopesMom12 @charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump “Emerson, Marist and Rasmussen—President Trump registered about 30% support among black voters.“ 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
there it is! 🤣 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings "This tragedy could have been avoided if only David were forced to use one of the old bolt-action model slings." 
@brianschatz Why are you afraid of the truth? Joe Biden is hopelessly corrupt. "A consulting firm hired by Burisma Group mentioned that Joe Biden’s son served on the Ukrainian gas company’s board so the firm could leverage a meeting with the State Department." 
@MaryanneChisho2 @kathy_markovich @lf092313 Babylon Bee is kidding you, yes. It's a parody site: 
In light of the charges against the Harvard chemistry professor, read about Thousand Talents and China's other "brain gain" programs in my book, "Spy Schools." 
@JoyceWhiteVance Stop that. 
@clairecmc sums it up nicely. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Like Warren G. Harding, Joe Biden is running on a return to normalcy. And it’s working, even if some of his ideas aren’t really unifying, writes @kyleopeterson 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Investors will be watching Apple’s first-quarter earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus in China via 
Good grief. Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Fair to demand an affidavit of Guarantee/Responsibility from Judges of Hon.Courts who announce such experiments in society ? What goes on in a Judges head when he decides to set a Terrorist free in a society which is already living in #fear @RanaAyyub ? 
: 6dab09fd-785a-455b-9bdd-5d04666c288c 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child #MAGA #TRUMP 
"A microcosm of a battle that has played out over and over across the region. Technology has brought extraordinary wealth to Silicon Valley. It has also worsened the area’s housing shortage and a widening economic divide. The quest… 
LOL: "Adam #Schiff warned that if #Trump is not #impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election"~&gt; 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Amsterdam gets it. “Collecting too much real-time data could be useless to cities, Ger Baron, Amsterdam’s chief technology officer, said during the panel. ‘We don’t need to know where everybody is the whole time,’ he said.” 
BLOW UP the phones. TRUTH SCARES. Murkowski 202-224-6665 Romney 202-224-5251 Collins 202-224-2523 Alexander 202-224-4944 Burr 202-224-3154 Grassley 202-224-3744 Sasse 202-224-4224 Enzo 202-224-3424 Gardner 202-224-5941 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
@thetslayton22 @ABC @FiveThirtyEight No, ~50% in favor of removal is the result of multiple polls recently (including another 538 poll): 
@SpeakerPelosi aka #TheDrunk I bet you throwing back a few the last couple of days 
"Among my activities and areas of interest, I have identified several that strongly indicate I possess the quality of being fun. They are as follows: Recreation. Smiling. Entertainment of all kinds. Meeting people. Local sports teams." 
CEO Seth Dillon. "When you can't compete with hilarious satire like CNN, you obviously look for ways to get them on your team. BNN !! Hahahaha ♥️ 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
@CoryGardner The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
"Google representatives have said the company’s primary responsibility is to shareholders, not to solving the ills of an entire region." San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions. 
Check out this dangerous new weapon hitting the streets! 
CNN and Ignorance via 
Harvard's chemistry chair allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses... 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor He belongs on 'The Walking Dead'..not in Congress. 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. 
This is how you create the appearance of a booming economy. Everything about @realDonaldTrump is phony. 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the Wuhan virus, as it was for SARS in 2003. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Hillary Clinton Rehearsing Convention Speech In Dozens Of Different Dialects 
@1taiwantalk Meanwhile, the #WHO and #PopeFrancis praise the #CCP's humanitarian efforts. 
Seattle's latest musical sensation is not what you'd expect. It's the Amazon Symphony Orchestra. The first chair flutist is a technical recruiter; a software engineer is on the viola. 
@PalmerReport @patyvillaescusa #MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Mom-to-be did not go for it, either! 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed | 
CNN Reveals Bernie Sanders Running For President Of Country With History Of Sexism 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns It’s good to know that there’s at least one timeline in which society survived the current foolishness and returned to normal. #BabylonBee #Satire 
Justice Department Believes It Should Have Ended Surveillance of Trump Adviser Earlier 
@ContentedIndie @pavanvan Shirtless Biden Washes Trans Am In White House ... - 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Renewable energy will continue its march toward newly gained dominance in electricity markets as it demonstrates its ability to reduce costs and address climate concerns. Read more in the @CFOJournal. 
This generation of NBA players always wanted to be Kobe Bryant. He was their Michael Jordan. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Yeah right! How delusional is this guy??? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@SpeakerPelosi Planned parenthood clinics are the American death camps... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
Hey Hillary....I can't wait till they melt...you life away 
This looks like Harvard's version of SpyGate. #Spygate 
“This is a small sample of China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off American technology and knowhow for Chinese gain.” China has done the same in Australia Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
CommieCRats are boring to watch on television. 
For sale. India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India - 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
seems bad 
Love the part about Alex Jones at the end... ROFL. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
“Polygenic scores are revolutionary because…[t]hey’re impervious to racism and other forms of prejudice.” -@charlesmurray Like many genetic tools, polygenic scores are developed using genetic databases that are disproportionately white. #gcchat 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Trump will use every tool in his toolbox to have the country and the world come to the conclusion "that resistance is futile." 
So @SenRickScott is a Russian ASSet. I am SO shocked, said no one EVER. Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via #ImpeachmentTrials #GOP 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros, Red Sox Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Williamson Backs Yang in Iowa, Says Sanders, Warren 'Would Make Spectacular Presidents' via 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
@ElliAdventurer @AamorphousA @thabigQ @mehdirhasan Clinton leveled those same accusations against Obama, also called his supporters sexist tagged Obama Boys, and also brought the birther movement into the mainstream back in 2008. Putin literally said he wanted Obama even in his re-election bid. 
PERFECT!!! Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
The body of the story doesn’t really mention what’s in the headline, but the headline, if true, is huge. 
#DemocratPrimary #MAGA Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary | 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
“This trade agreement comes at a critical time for farmers and ranchers, increasing optimism that we’ll turn the corner in 2020.” Read more from the on the positive impact #USMCA and the Phase One agreement with China will have on agriculture. 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. via 
Whether it’s retirement or a down payment, New Year’s is one of the best times to make a financial plan. Here are some of their tips and strategies. #PinnacleManagementPromotions #strategies #planning #financial 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. 
Federal scrutiny of improper ties to China in academia is getting pretty serious. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via The real enemy! 
Jesus, save me from your followers. 🙏🏻 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Just a friendly reminder homebirth midwives are an undervalued resource for disaster response. Access to skilled maternity care in non-hospital settings can be life saving. #coronavirus #pandemic #diasterresponse #homebirth #midwives @world_midwives 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
I do love ⁦, don’t you?!?⁩ “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@FakeEstrusFlask @nat_stylo @QueerGirlEmilie Um, yes? Is that bad? 
Classic! Awesome! 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation #WhatDoYouThink? 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Well Gee, Babylon Bee....We'da Neva Known! 😉 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.|. Bolton can’t change the impeachment. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ has been IMPEACHED; it’s history; it’s over. He’s toast. Get over it. And, it IS high crimes and misdemeanors. He’s guilty of treason. 
GOP is losing their ability to cover this all up! “GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses” 
The pendulum keeps swinging back &amp; forth... but maybe the #ImpeachmentTrial is FINALLY going 2 be fair! Heros= 1) Whistleblower 😇 &amp; 2) Leaker to @nytimes of draft excerpts Bolton manuscript😃 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@realDonaldTrump Maybe read his book. 
Woman Laughs At Joke, Immediately Hauled Away By Feminism Enforcement Officer 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
How peace reigned for what seemed like forever. 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
"Later, Lemon and the geese went out for lattes and studied geography." 
NEW: McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🔥 
Swedbank Hit by Higher Costs 
@shibboletsheva @jaketapper @CNNSotu Both sides 🙃 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Just FYI, those quarantined Aussies will be flying out of a coronavirus hot zone and spending two weeks on Christmas Island with a whole lot of gigantic red crabs. @Mike_Cherney 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation &gt;&gt; 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Global health and business: “Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact” 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
» Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit 
Global Economic Brief: Climate Risk Red-Flagged For Central Banks via @deloittecfo 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
#MoscowMitch losing his iron grip on the #GOP. ⛏ 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay IS TRUMP==CDC PREPARED TO ISOLATE THEM FOR OVER 2 WEEKS???? OR JUST RELEASE THEM TO INFECT AMERICA???? OR DID HE THINK???? 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses - The Wall Street Journal. GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
"Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election" 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
If you don't get this ... we can't be friends. 
I will have to add this to my 1984 unit. 
Former national security adviser John Bolton is a potential problem for President Trump on several fronts. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
» Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #MAGA #TRUMP 
markets: Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession 
Most #handwashing programs focus on #lessdeveloped countries. Here is why the #developed world should start worrying!! #coronavirus #sars #hospital #hygiene #publichealth 
Wow...exciting. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@ShrinivasDempo #MambaForever Some times in life, you should know what not to do. #RIPMamba The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Bankrupt grocery chain Lucky’s Market won court approval to use the cash of majority shareholder and secured lender Kroger to operate 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Hate it when that happens. Perhaps it's a good thing I've not played in church for a while? 
We should have a thoughts and prayers version for 2A enthusiasts who don’t want gun regulations, too 
New @ubykotex ads break stigmas by depicting lifelike menstrual blood: [via ] More on the "uncomfortable" marketing trend: 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
: 2750ad82-4edc-4bbe-ab09-86e774f3aa14 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Dow Drops Over 450 Points on Coronavirus Fears Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
Top story: German Court Rules Against Facebook on Data Protection - see more 
Yu know... I've studied those other 79 attempts, and they just did not do it right! There are all manner of details that they got completely wrong, and if we were to just zig and zag the right way.... Utopia!!!! 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
@GOP This sounds a lot like Jesus Juice days, seriously, this was a year ago and you still coordinate campaign activities? 
Affordable housing for me, not for thee 
They have also agreed to smirk while Native Amerivan Activist, Nathan Phillips, repeatedly bangs a drum a few inches from their face. 
@RepAdamSchiff You are literally a joke. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@yannispappas @CoachBru Better. 
BREAKING....Please let it be true GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
@SenTedCruz The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
Deutsche Bank Senior European Equities Banker Edward Sankey to Leave 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
Cellphones and students, it is a problem when they come together, but more trouble when you separate them; 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
This isn’t an isolated incident. Chinese theft of American talent &amp; IP is a serious and systemic problem. We published a Permanent Subcmte on Investigations rpt on this just last fall. Legislation is in the works to address this issue. 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Today on #TheJournal, @ByShanLi takes us inside Wuhan... the city at the epicenter of the corona virus outbreak. And @stefaniei explains the science behind it all. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@SandraJH13_USA2 @BernieSanders @realDonaldTrump @class_axe65 @cjm101560 @LoriHare8 @JBoy057 @GreyBeard_Biker @RedMagaHat Listen to the YouTube- 🩸Sanders is Dangerous🩸 Socialism is Communism- 🩸Warren is Dangerous 🩸 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Rome has allowed and covered up abuse for hundreds of years. They’ve lost the right to be God’s representatives on earth and religion poisons everything. 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility via @Yahoo @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats REALLY? Bolton's known to be truthful! Trump is known for his lies! Come on! #TurnCongressBlue2020 cuz Republicans r Party over Country 
@CatzCatems @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
😂 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
#Podcast Tech Podcasts @SebasAHerrera talks to @KateriJochum on why tech leaders are saying they want more rules 1/3 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume | 
The rally of Apple 
He IS at least trying to call out his supporters. Sad state of affairs. 😢💔 Sanders Aims for Positive Campaign, but Allies Don’t Always Follow - 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
“On Sunday, authorities imposed a temporary nationwide ban on the trade of wild animals and quarantined all wildlife breeding centers.” #CoronaOutbreak #ChinaVirus #China 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Travel restrictions are going to be extended by the Trump administration to 7 new countries, four of them in Africa. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
"This is not what America was founded on. It is not what our forefathers would have wanted" 😆 Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Trial 
Get your kid rugby ready! 😅😅😅 Minis practice starts Tuesday night at SSAP turf 3 6:30pm #fakenews #gains #rugbykids 
Johns Hopkins University Reimagines the M.B.A. Via #mba #bschool @JohnsHopkins 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
A sharp selloff shocked the market amongst fears that a viral outbreak in China will affect world economic growth. #coronavirus #WallStreet Don't forget to purchase tickets for the Fletcher Political Risk Conference on 2/28 via our profile's pinned link. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard 
Victim In Fatal Car Accident Tragically Not Glenn Beck 
Today's effort: 
Casper Has Big Dreams, but Wall Street Is Waking Up to Losses as Its IPO Nears - 
@DTCahill @Luke4Tech It's a #CIA puppet show Look away Turn the #TellLieVision off for a few days or years, or like I did, turn it off FOREVER Give yourself a break Americans Ready To Move On To The Next Dumb Thing 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
The brilliance of Putin's's strategy is that her permits Trump to bluster and cause the regime just enough damage to dupe Venezuelans in Florida. Meanwhile, Russia holds on to its chief military ally in the hemisphere. 
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial 
Meanwhile, in other news- 
Dumb @AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
AS SCHUMER SAID, DID WE FOOL YOU AMERICA ??? WE TRIED IN MORE WAYS THEN ANYONE CAN KNOW. WE SO WANT TO WIN AMERICA BACK. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
‘China also has about 20% fewer physicians per capita than Mexico and 70% fewer general practitioners than World Health Organization standards’- a chilling read. Context: it is however the world’s 2nd arms producer. Fastest growing military power. Bar none 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
SCOTUS al­lowed Trump ad­min­is­tra­tion to be­gin im­ple­ment­ing rules that make it eas­ier for the gov­. to deny limited-in­come im­mi­grants res­i­dency or ad­mis­sion to the U.S. be­cause they use pub­lic-as­sistance or might use them in the fu­ture. 
Report: There Are Still Incorrect Opinions On The Internet Despite Local Man's Best Efforts | 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
A #brexit museum?? Really? That'll help the country heal. Numpties... 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
China’s Huawei allowed to build parts of #UK’s next-generation #5G network, despite #cybersec concerns raised by US, rpts: 
@HewittNewton @sewhigh @kathy_markovich @JeaniSouthworth It's a parody site: 
Susan Mailer reflects on her relationship with her volatile father, who introduced his daughter to cocktail parties and celebrities. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
E-commerce company eBay’s net revenue fell 2% from a year ago, the first year-over-year quarterly decline since eBay spun out PayPal Holdings in 2015 
"When you declare something illegal, it is instantly gone forever," Newsom said solemnly. "That's why I'm taking immediate executive action to declare the possession of coronavirus a felony at the state level. 
"Karl Bélanger, a political commentator and former senior NDP aide, said opposition parties are trying to extract a deal from the Liberals that would address their concerns without reopening USMCA. He expects ratification to take months." 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
A Northern Virginia estate that was owned by the late AOL co-founder James V. Kimsey has sold for about $45 million, a record for the DC area. 
“Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster.” This is why the revolution in HK must continue! #HongKong ⁦@Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦@FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦@SolomonYue⁩ ⁦@hk_watch⁩ #WuFlu ⁦@Fight4HongKong⁩ #HK 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
British concept of data security is akin to posting a "no trespassing" sign and hoping the CCP will care 
I knew it ⁦@LynnDempsey16⁩! It’s all here! 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. przez 
Fingers crossed #Impeachment 
Hard No. 
is expanding its warehouse operations in Staten Island as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to its New York-area consumers. 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ #China Is China is influencing our Universities &amp; #socialistAgenda in US? Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN h/t @instapundit 
An insightful summary of a finding by MIT Sloan Management Review 2019 about why "many AI initiatives fail". One key takeaway from it is don't limit AI strategy to IT strategy. The beauty shall be appreciated not by the CTOs but CEOs. via #BCSTT #D 
We have officially arrived in crazytown, population: this degenerate asshat. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
#Iran's leadership works to heal rifts @GlobalCRL 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat Families with vintage fur coats are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion and politics. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Grocers testing micro-fulfillment centers -- 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
This is pretty bad... 
Credit Suisse Chief uses Instagram to Rebut Claim He Ordered Damaging Information. He says "Staying silent is no longer a viable strategy” #TuckCC 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
2020 Fitness Hacks - #humor #fitness #2020 #lifehacks 
When you're a celebrity they let you do it 
“Moscow Mitch” says GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses. The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Tweet and disappeared. Here: 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Shot 
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
“It is bla­tant in­ter­fer­ence in the Is­raeli elec­tions masquerad­ing as a peace plan.” - Martin Indy 
the only good horoscopes are in the 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City - 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
#Fakenews. Media loves to latch on to a story &amp; repeat it at nauseum without knowing anything about the topic. Markets have been extremely bullish for a few months now. Conditions are ripe for a pullback. #retireready #financialqb #noneedtopanic 
The new series features appearances from several Star Trek alumni, gendered by their birth sex, rather than selecting from the 452 other equally valid... 
The secret to Loro Piana’s exquisite yet sustainable cashmere? Join as we head to Mongolia to discover how #LoroPiana produces their first-in-class quality fabrics through sustainable practices in Custom's magnificent campaign: 
Crackdown on US researchers with undisclosed $$ ties to #China (e.g. undisclosed grants, paid positions) yields another criminal complaint, against #Harvard chem chair/2019 Welch Award winner/nano scientist Charles Lieber. via : 
Prince Andrew has denied allegations by a woman who says he had sex with her while she was a teenager. In a statement last year, the prince said he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations 
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston 
Carhartt Introduces Rugged Work Thong 
“He [Donald Trump] was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them, so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life and how He could also save her from her sins.” 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. 
@mrsquack19 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Trump lifts Obama-era protections trapping Gangthor The Malevolent within murky ocean depths 
@PramilaJayapal @BernieSanders Socialism for the 99% bad. Socialism for the 1% good. 
@sensitiveuser_ @JoeMPrz1 @sharxie_ @BernieSanders Not nearly as simple as you'd like to believe: Besides, that is one billionaire. It doesn't represent all and doesnt refute that they pay the vast majority of taxes. 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
@Psully226 “The Hammurderer is quickly becoming regarded as the worst-received advertising mascot since Kool-Aid’s 1989 discontinuation of ‘The Grapist,’ a huge purple monster who sodomizes thirsty children.” 
News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character | 
Tell us something we didn't already know: “We underestimated the importance of the Cuban and Russian support for the regime," Elliott Abrams says about his disastrous #Venezuela policy. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat . LOL! 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@Russian_botLOL @EmmaVigeland There's one story in the Bible where Jesus got so angry, he turned over tables. He turned over the tables of the money-changers. Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
: Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws - #internet #policy 
"We are directing massive resources towards eradicating the slightest hint of any person speaking about the virus, and I promise you that any conversation or literature pertaining to the virus will be completely eliminated during the next seven days." 😂😂 
@emetaz @KeystoneTake @johnlk_80 @samstein Sorry I was wrong on the timing, but still goes to prove that Bernie didn't say he'd endorse HRC for weeks after his loss was known. "when asked by email if Mr. Sanders’s comment amounted to an endorsement, a spokesman replied, “No.” "  
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
The Wall Street Journal writes about our last #facialrecognition technology initiative. 💳 Read the whole article and learn more about our payment innovation: 
The administration thinks its "peace plan" has "tentative support from at least some Arab states," which almost certainly means the Gulf states won't publicly oppose it for fear of angering Trump, not that they will actively push this plan. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via 
Drugmakers Rush to Develop Vaccines Against China Virus @wsj 
#ThatsGoodBee Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Something tells me this is not true . There is more than enough Republicans that will back that vote! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. 
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses via 
‘The Enlightenment That Failed’ Review: Downfall of the Radicals 
@MrBiv @ChrisMartineau1 @charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump Trumps disdain for Ukraine wasn't reported much, but it started early in his Presidency. Trump has repeatedly described Ukraine as “totally corrupt” and full of “terrible people,” administration officials say. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@JFullerPolicy @khgottesman @mammagucchi @ScottPresler @HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge. .@HillaryClinton 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@NehemiahMfg with the help of @CincinnatiWorks help provide true #SecondChances to those with a criminal record - around 80% of their employees. @jennykim 
⁦@RealCandaceO⁩ ⁦@DiamondandSilk⁩ I don’t know if you saw this article. But I thought it was amazing and would probably mean more being tweeted by you than a white girl from the Midwest! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
WH has tried to have it both ways re: Ukraine case: They in­sist no quid pro quo demand for Biden inves­ti­gations made while with­holding aid from Ukraine, &amp; that it would be proper even if there were. Trump de­fense now may have to choose latter argument 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month, but the increase was driven mostly by a sharp rise in demand for defense equipment 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
PayPal's Stock Drops After Management Move 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Dershowitz: Noncriminal conduct is outside range of impeachable offenses 
😂😂😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Dershowitz calls "abuse of power" campaign rhetoric 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela | | 
@devikadutt @kestontnt @TheEconomist Just pointing out that the Economist, whatever be its other flaws, recommended that people don’t vote Modi in 2014. Here is a link: 
McConnell Says DEMS Have Votes to Call Impeachment Witnesses. 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
NEWS from @lindsaywise: At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it. 
Snopes needs to fact check this pronto! "In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN" 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
@TheValuesVoter Let's Cut To The Chase, Evangelicals: Which Exact Lie Can I Tell You To Get You To Vote For Me? 
"Politico has identified chocolate milk as Mr. Romney's vice." 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Praise Be: McConnell says Republicans don’t have the votes to block witnesses-Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
Former national security adviser John Bolton is a potential problem for President Trump on several fronts. 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
Q POST 3788 Justice Department Believes It Should Have Ended Surveillance of Trump Adviser Earlier Correction will be needed: ALL SURV re: POTUS [hops] will be concluded that there was “insufficient predication to establish probable cause." Q 
» Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade | 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
"You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
We must be stopped! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Israel's Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges - #GoogleAlerts 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
While Lemon dissed voters not sharing marxist views, panel of geese went into fits of honking, cackles &amp; belly-laughs. Lemon could barely get a word out w/o going into another episode of laughs. Later, Lemon &amp; geese went out for lattes &amp; studied geography 
This dinbgbat believes Trump is a model saint who shares the Gospel and not his DNA with porn stars. Doesn't get any better than this in La La Evangelical land. 
20 years ago this week from : Bush Reaches Out To Hispanic Community With Generous Tip 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
GOP is going to try and turn this into an absolute freak show. Senate Dems have to rise to moment and be ready to set the tone and dictate the pace from the jump. No absurdity or lie goes unanswered. 
Prince Andrew Provided ‘Zero Cooperation’ in Epstein Probe, U.S. Prosecutor Says 
Palestine is not taking Trumps “peace” plan well. 
: 4b33df19-4157-4806-ad38-7f1c2bbaf250 
Careful, friends! "the attributes of an avocado make its handling ripe for accidents." “They’re soft and then suddenly very hard + kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” said Dr. Daly, who co-authored the study. via @ailworth 
To the Christians in my feed, dont "At me"....you know this is funny lol 
“22% of voters thought the Senate should be replaced by BARKING SEALS, while 17% voted that the replacement should be the pit of VENOMOUS SNAKES from INDIANA JONES. 3.97% voted that Senate members be replaced by SCREAMING GOATS.” 
Giving people with criminal history a second chance is a big risk -- or is it? The profiles one company where 80% of employees has a criminal past. Says it's a good strategy in a tight labor market. 
John Kim, former president of New York Life Insurance, kicks off his new venture fund, Brewer Lane Ventures, by investing in Socotra. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
I thought this was a real headline because this is how Twitter sounds this week 
Love to see a luxury brand creating reusable packaging for a product accessible to a wider audience - does double duty @JCopestakeEY | Hermès is leaping into makeup for the first time in its 183-year history, with lipstick colors drawn from their archive 
“Guns are scary enough, but knowing a gun is a supporter of Donald Trump makes it even more terrifying.” 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election | 
🤣🤣🤣 and 😭😭😭 at the same time. 
Masks are less effective, as these #droplets can travel farther and in unpredictable paths affected by wind and other gusts. The droplets can be inhaled around the sides of the masks. #Coronavirus #Masks 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
@realDonaldTrump Approves!!!! 
The U.S. hopes to complete a new trade agreement with the U.K. by the end of this year, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The NBA has postponed Tuesday's game between the Lakers and Clippers. It was scheduled to be the first Lakers game since the death of Kobe Bryant. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' | 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial 
Pub day is nerve wracking: how will reviewers react? will it even BE reviewed? how exciting to wake up in Boston to, not just one review, but TWO! and rave ones at that. : "a superbly researched and subtly told story—current history at its best" 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed | 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
Thx to @ByronTau for including me in this story -- If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
BECAUSE WHEN YOU ARE THE #EnemyOfThePeople YOU USE #FakeNews AS A WEAPON. Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@brianstelter Thanks for watching and keeping his rating at #1😘 Looks like this wasn’t satire after all😂😂😂 
Interesting new book on rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia....Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas via 
Supreme Court allows Trump rules denying immigrants residency over public assistance 
Hong Kong's stock index dropped 2.5% on Wednesday morning, the first trading day after the Lunar New Year break, as investors assessed the spreading Wuhan coronavirus and its impact on global growth. With very nicely-chosen photo. @srussolillo 
ECB Indicates It Will Leave Negative Rates In Place for Some Time: 
Wow... this is how fucked up the church is. "Trump was only sharing the gospel with Stormy Daniels " says Jim Baker... 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@marklevinshow Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
How do you spell desperation for ratings and funding? Hang onto the coat tails of one of the more successful news outlets right??? Parasitic.... CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Holy shit. Another reason I left organized Christianity. #Donorrhea can't even tell you what the gospel is. He can't rattle off just two of his favorite Bible verses. "TWO Corinthians?!" Please. @JimBakkerShow @700club @Franklin_Graham @JerryFalwellJr 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus #satire #comedy 
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands 
@camille_box @HDatawonk @weslavigne @LindseyGrahamSC Is this the kind of stupidity Christian Conservatives believe? Really? I'm a God fearing Christian and I'm losing faith in the people who call themselves Christians. I'm not losing faith in God, but the people who are supposed to be following Him! 
Virus Sparks Soul Searching Over Chinas Wild Animal Trade 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues (h/t @cmeik) 
An interesting data point for the advocates and critics of unilateral US disengagement from China. As with the AIIB membership decision under the previous administration(s), not even the US' closest allies can be convinced to support its policies on CN. 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . This is a must read! I literally laughed out loud! 
@NotWhatYouThout @RepAndyBiggsAZ You may want to spend some time following the money on this whole affair: 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Tokyo Portal Outage Delays Millions Of Japanese Warp Commuters 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
CNN Attacks Babylon Bee: 'The Internet Is Only Big Enough For One Fake News Site’ 
Great point in this article. Democrats aren't pushing for impeachment because they know it will result in Trump being removed from office. They're doing it to prepare the party line of painting Mitch McConnell as a villain. It's all political theater. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
@RedMissGuy @EoboOboe @CriticalCricket @brithume The Horowitz report reveals Rep. Adam Schiff’s many distortions. via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
I disliked this marketing stunt from the minute they announced it. 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in Pres. Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges that the president abused power and obstructed Congress. 
Trump, confident Maduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions. In turn, US reluctance to impose sanctions on Russian enterprises and others kept Venezuela’s oil and gold flowing to buyers. 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships 
how could i forget this 
In Major Deal, The Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
I guess if the Times can do it. I feel like everyone has forgotten this year that the point of endorsements is to help voters choose, not just to say "any of these will do". 
😆😎 Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
Lease-Accounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
For real? 🤣 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
I need to be very clear with this story. THIS IS NOT ONE OF MY SATIRE TWEETS, like I put up a few minutes ago. This is a legit news story. This thread is about religion and society. Sunday Special #1 She was only saying "Oh, God" because he paid her. 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
'1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
@ryanobles @PeteButtigieg @BernieSanders @merica "dark money group" as opposed to Pete, who has a whites-only money group. 
#TRUMP_ADMINISTRATION gets a boost for its #IMMIGRATION_POLICY from the #SUPREME_COURT. 
Hey #Resistance, you don't owe the Trump defense team an open mind. You KNOW they're lying. You're not a juror. Save time and aggravation, judge him. 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Hey #CNN you're getting ass raped again by Babylon bee 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships - Wall Street Journal #IntelligentAutomation 
of the demoncrat party 
“We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like.” 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
The harrowing details on the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant by by @bzcohen and @ailworth 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@thehill Too late Lindsey, your goose is cooked. 
@ChrisBEsq @RepAdamSchiff Here you go buddy boy, two can play this game. 
Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
With minority government, Trudeau will have to resort to deal-making to pass USMCA and ensure its enforcement. @wsj 
Weighing 5G security, some European countries are making a technical distinction between core and noncore parts of the networks 
Hong Kong Stocks Slump, Catching Up to Coronavirus Fears 📰 » 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Maybe now we will get to the bottom of whatever drug deal Mulvaney and Giuliani were cooking up. 
@_AlvinChristian brought to life... 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan Hitler killed 6 millions Communism has killed 100millions and still counting 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land . Great advice, it's sarcasm, please remember that. Don't want messages wondering why I'm an idiot. 
@BrandyLJensen Embarrassed by how often I think about this 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
McConnell said he does not have the votes to block witnesses. He has a paper with yes, no, and maybe in his hand. 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
#Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' #Bernie #BernieOrBust 
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role in the Senate trial isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal 
"Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial." McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Legal Fight Over John Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - 
"Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep.” 🤣🤣🤣 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus - The Wall Street Journal 
Chair of @Harvard chemistry department arrested for lying about working for #XiJinping #ThousandTalents in #Wuhan 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers 
“New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive,” ⁦@SuzanneKapner⁩ @wsj 
For the love of a non existent God, please stop with trying to make him out to be religious in any way shape or form. 
Apple’s #SupplyChain Strategies Deliver Big Operating Margins. #manufacturing #CEO #logistics #suppiers #investors 
#LeaseAccounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Not like a fanfic any normal person would write, of course. It's a closure fic for one of the 's old ongoing series: Department Head Rawlings. 
Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom #people # 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
It's almost like Republicans only care about the national debt when a Democrat is in the White House. No, wait. That's exactly what it is. 
In wake of outbreak, Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade. 
New App Lets Your Spouse Control The Car With Voice Commands 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial #SmartNews The ear-muffed, blinders-on, lips-unbridled conservative hosts are having visions of sugar plums, i.e., four more years of idiot rule. 
The organization Baby2Baby has distributed 40 million diapers to date. Three years ago, it moved into disaster relief, helping low-income families affected by hurricanes, wildfires and other catastrophes. 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial Stunned boredom and disgust! 
On Kobe’s use of helicopters to achieve work-life balance and avoid monstrous LA traffic. A small example of the importance he placed on family. 
Insightful article discussing the uncertainties in planning by the retail industry because of shifting consumer preferences. As provider #healthsystems become more consumer focused, they will encounter some of the same uncertainties. 
Shared. Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept. is arrested. Very interesting...#academia# 
@GuyCreal @kingmark444 Jesus, you’re such a fucking moron. 
Congrats on following Harold Baines! 
TRUTH IN SATIRE, This is spot on! 
@RachelFeintzeig covers #loneliness in the #workplace for : #GenZ and #Millennial workers feel lonelier at work, driven in part by what they see as misalignment between their values and those of their companies. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
At this point, there is no #5G without #Huawei. Damned if do...... 
@NickHintonn Almost certain this was proposed by a staff writer into these topics. Too damn on the nose, cause this is how I remember from past lives this computer first being used on Varth and Mars: 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment #reality #satire 
@hotgayscientist @JSpagna1 @PetraKrothotkin Owls are assholes tho. confirms 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns #MAGA #TRUMP 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - (Yea, and kissing a man on national TV didn’t help him either.) 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians - 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
“You can make more as a dog walker in New York City than as an infant-toddler caregiver. It’s scary.’’ via 
@SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump NEVER EVER vote for a Republican. They are irresponsible. They don't want #WitnessesAndDocuments because they KNOW Trump is guilty, but raiding the US Treasury is way too much fun. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Yep, I've done this. 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Three Americans Die While Fighting Australian Wildfires #video #news #klout 
Lease-Accounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says 
The last flight of Kobe's life began in fog and ended with air traffic controllers trying to reach his helicopter with these words: "... state intentions ... you’re still too low level for flight following at this time." w/@bzcohen 
GOP leaders say they don’t have enough votes to block witnesses in Trump’s Senate #impeachmenttrial, after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges that the Trump abused power and obstructed Congress. 
How do you pit an avocado safely? Seems like I should ask given today’s A-hed about #avocadohand: 
“Sus­tained fed­eral bud­get deficits and debt will hit the high­est lev­els since World War II over the next decade, the CBO pro­jected on Tues­day, fol­low­ing mul­ti­ple rounds of tax cuts and con­tin­ued in­creases in fed­eral spend­ing.” 
@ttagaris @axiomsofdomini1 This article appears to be causing a lot of the concern on Twitter. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
#TEXAS HAS ZERO STATE INCOME TAX. So we DO have Property Taxes! Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales... 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
🙏🏼 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
I have to wonder: If 5G brings work to your home, what will happen to the traditional office? #BCSTT 
Media companies and marketers are seeking new technology to connect with consumers. #Startup #Marketing 
l board on Nov. 18, 2019: @AXELKAISER in the on Jan. 1, 2020: @MaryAnastasiaOG in the on Nov. 3, 2019: @V_FuentesJ en Bloomberg (republished in the Washington Post) on Jan. 23, 2020: 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - 
@HouseIntel @HouseDemocrats @JoeBiden &amp; hunter are GUILTY AS SIN, &amp; JOE IS THE SLEAZY DIRTY CORRUPT VP THAT threaten to freeze aid to Ukraine- HERE IS THAT FACT - 
Por razones personales. $MTCH -1.7% after-hours 
Mitch can't block witnesses, not enough votes 
@JohnJHarwood Two spectacular instances of hackery in same day. #HackMadness . Not sure what BS anna navarro is up to...but no way she's a bigger hack than you. 
The goes full Nazi: 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary hysterical 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Did you forget about all those Google antitrust probes in progress? These state attorneys general sure haven’t… 
My life, in a nutshell, written as an article: Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore #lol #humor 
Just as Goldilocks takes a spoonful of porridge and finds that it is “just right,” so a small child can relax into the experience of being read a picture book. via 
This is the takeaway from the first @pswagel briefing on the January CBO outlook: “There’s not a crisis today... The longer we wait, the more difficult it gets.” My updated story: 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
“Apple’s share price has more than dou­bled from last year’s low, adding more than $725 bil­lion to its value, well above the to­tal value of Face­book Inc.”. Still a one product juggernaut. 
Going to the store? No need to take your card or phone if Amazon has its way. The tech giant is working with the likes of Visa and JPMorgan to let consumers pay with wave of a hand via 
A few comments from a European perspective: 1. Babylon Bee surpassed as premier parody for the same reason South Park rules supreme. Their parody has no blindspots. Absolutely everyone and everything will get hit. CNN and abortion included. 
Hospitals Give Tech Giants Access to Detailed Medical Records #EHR #medtech 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @marcorubio @senrickscott 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Are you a dopamine or a serotonin? This personality test will tell you. via 
Some of these just hit too close to home 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
*Pam Bondi is an agent of Qatar. *Michael Cohen was on Qatar's payroll &amp; has direct links to Qatar's royal family (Source 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump paid Ms Daniels $130,000 under the table using a shell company, without declaring it to the authorities as required by campaign finance laws, and then lied about it repeatedly until he was listed as Unindicted Co-Conspirator #1, to share the Gospel? 
Still good. // #Psychology Comes To Halt As Weary Researchers Say The Mind Cannot Possibly Study Itself 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose Lol,you democrat twits are messing with the wrong guy... 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
My hero 🤮😡 
FAA inaction killed all those people. The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
5G Technology By The Numbers || Thank God! Finally the layman's explanation of #5G that I've been looking for. As always, look to for understandable tech. 
Harley-Davidson said retail-level sales of its motorcycles fell in Q4, reflecting lower demand in the US. Motorcycle-related revenue fell to $874M, below expectations of $922M. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Catch @amitvedand at the #RethinkingGlobalMarkets event hosted by and @ForeignAffairs on the 5th of February in New York. Details here: #jungleventures #buildtolast #venturecapital #emergingmarkets 
THE TRUTH ACCORDING TO PENCIL NECK AND NO BALLS SHIFTT 
Thank God @MrPeanut isn't around to see this. 
“An administration official said the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said.” This is not a fucking game. #DefendOurDemocracy 
The Democratic leader doesn’t want witnesses any more than Republicans do—certainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Republicans to do the dirty work of voting down witnesses so he can shout coverup from here to November. 
markets: The Connecticut hedge-fund manager was caught up in New York state’s tax system in part because he still owned a five-bedroom waterfront vacation home on Shelter Island 
After multiple winning court cases over Bayer’s Roundup causing Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, the #EPA and #WhiteHouse are now backing the corporation: #Trump #Food #GMO #Monsantopapers #glyphosate #roundup 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
Growth-oriented investment firm General Atlantic has collected more than $3.33 billion in fresh commitments spread across two investment funds. 
Tip of the China - university collusion iceberg. The Varsity Blues admissions scandal is benign compared to this. 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign @ Lemon Should Be Fired - To Bias 
"Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not" 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration for a boycott over security fears. 
Tech giants apparently want to be regulated. 
Breaking News!😫 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - 
@LACaldwellDC @SenJoniErnst NEWS from @lindsaywise: At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it. 
"'We need to stay focused on coming up with a chicken sandwich our customers are going to crave,' wrote the National Owners Association" How about knocking off the @ChickfilA spicy biscuit sandwich that was discontinued? 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
😱 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election! 😂 #ImpeachmentTrial #AdamSchiffTRUTHMATTERS 
McConnell says @GOP DOES NOT have #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Senate majority leader @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
How Putin, Cuba and Some US Allies Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela—by giving them covert aid. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@jason_lean_MATH @TheCDNWatch @PopulismUpdates That was one hell of a first debate. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home 
Ties Between Jews, Democratic Party Face New Pressures - 
. 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐍𝐄𝐖𝐒: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting. Schiff McConnell #PompeoMeltdown #TrumpDefense Kobe Bryant Nipsey Vanessa helicopter DOW 
The IPO of mattress company Casper will be a test of how much Wall Street’s appetite for money-losing startups has changed after Uber and WeWork. via 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via Keep CALLING your senators. A glimmer of hope! #OneVoice1 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
That satire is really close to reality 
Wall Street Journal writing about how people don’t want their rich ancestors’ fur coats.... 
@DNC @w_terrence @Tee2019K @CondorDM @RyanAFournier @highmilage57 @bfraser747 @BlueFalcon3P @doc_revan @KBUSMC2 @Kimber82604467 @KimPKAG2020 @joey_grahl Oh we won't be tamper with the next election but we will blow you all out of the water ! 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners. 
Accurate. 
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
@hollymathnerd It's already been done (and with humor): 
Private Photos of Indicted Donor Depict Ties to Trump, Giuliani 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
Deadlier version of AR-15 now available. By Babylon Been 21 January 2020 #ArmedCitizens #ArmCitizens #satire #parody 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
A damning review of Communist Chinese health care system. A Made-in-China Contagion 
⁦@chiIIum⁩ Martin Sandoval has agreed to cooperate w/fedl authorities conducting a broader corruption investigation in Illinois. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   via 
Are you sniffing glue. You can’t be this stupid or did Tammy slip you some edible pot. Take a Prozac and go sit in the corner and ponder your stupidity. 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal 
Impeachment Trial Ramps Up Political Spending via @Yahoo 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@oliverdarcy Thus spake the Bee and it was truth 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
14th-Century Solutions to Student Debt - The Wall Street Journal 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder 
@brianstelter Hope the new owners work out for you meathead. 
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version 
THANKS CNN!!! CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
@miles_commodore Report: Judas Iscariot Was Seen At Popeyes Shortly Before Betraying Christ 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure - 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Targets Credibility... 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Congress Approves $3 Billion In Military Aid For Netanyahu To Defend Self Against Israeli Justice System 
I thought that was Spence from "King of Queens"... Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary | 
"Democrats also said they even have hard evidence that the 2016 election was compromised by Republicans voting for Trump..." 🤣🤣🤣 @V_actually @Jillibean557 @BlognificentB @BenKTallmadge @BibleBeltDarlin @catturd2 @CathyMAGA @Tokaise @FluffyDogAttack 😉 
The SEC has identified somes strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
This is just...OMFG! Jim Bakker re Stormy Daniels 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
May The Fleas Of 1,000 Camels. Rest In His Bed. 
» Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
so true yet this is a parody site. 'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
For years, bud­get ex­perts warned that bud­get deficits were un­sus­tain-able be­cause fed­eral bor­row­ing could crowd out pri­vate bor­row­ing, lead­ing to in­ter­est-rate in­creases. But that hasn’t hap­pened, and in­ter­est rates have re­mained low. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Disease-modeling experts at Imperial College London estimated late last week that on average, each infected person transmitted #coronavirus to 2.6 others. WHO said last week early indications were 1.4 - 2.5, far lower than measles. 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣TRUE: Fake/Corrupt News Media &amp; DemoKKKrats were BEGGING God so hard that violence would break-out &amp; someone would get injured or killed😡 that they ALMOST convinced observers that they believe in God... 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
New York Gazette ™ Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales: - Apple Inc. has shaken free of last year’s iPhone slump, posting record revenue and a return to profit growth in the latest quarter behind strong sales… 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
The Editorial Board: The Supreme Court’s broadside against lower-court mayhem is an important judicial moment. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - “Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel #trump 
Good call 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
How Kimberly-Clark is tapping into the stigma-free movement with an honest color choice for its advertising campaigns: 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
New research looked for evidence of hospital quality gains in deals between 2009 and 2013. The study didn’t find it. via 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Babylon Bee takes aim at its own audience. Satirical genius. Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
@tntarheel @FearThisAndThat @SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump NEVER EVER EVER Vote for an irresponsible Republican. Never EVER EVER EVER vote for an irresponsible Republican. 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus Consider the Spanish flu, which killed 50 million in 1918-19 as governments at war suppressed the news. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians #people #sarcasm 
Since everyone’s talking about Andy Reid here’s one of my favorite articles about him ever. 
U.S. MANUFACTURER 3M to cut more jobs as industrial slowdown persists: 
I gotta say, I much rather watch this mayor in prime time that watching Ruin*lani cavorting in places he don’t belong 😝🤣😂 « CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad » 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - I’m starting to get some hope back. 
AnonymousAccountId has shared content with you from MSN 
I'm getting the customized Governor "Coonman" Northam model! 
When Pam Bondi said it was important to talk about the Bidens because if there was a suspicion of corruption, the Democrats' case against the president crumbled, several Republican senators nodded. via 
Letters: In Waters vs. Dershowitz, Maxine Has the Better Impeachment Case via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Doctors across the U.S. are bracing for an epidemic of knife-related injuries on Super Bowl Sunday. The cause? Amateur guacamole makers accidentally stabbing, cutting and slicing their hands. @ailworth on avocado hand: 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Interesting read - 
@donlemon This is disgusting. 
@Kennymack1971 Reminds me of this from after Obama's election. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
NFL Players Push To Expose Whistleblower Who Made Public Allegations Of Offsides 
Does the fact that the Babylonbee wrote this, make it any less believable? #EpsteinKnows 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Try this... 
@MikeRStephens Reminds me of this 
Target a US retailer has - 3,200+ full-time software developers - Focus on customer loyalty programs. Imagine DMART repeating this in few years for India...Power of AI 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion In New Money To Markets, But Overall Liquidity Stable 
@RekietaMedia This isn't you is it? 
@CNN @brianstelter @wolfblitzer CNN fact checks: 😂😂😂 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. ☎️☎️☎️Keep Calling your Senators. We’re almost there! #DemCast 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses or Documents - @chipfranklin @NikkiMedoro 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - 
@JakeSherman @thespybrief @BresPolitico @heatherscope @burgessev @marianne_levine Fyi 🤷‍♀️ McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
WHO gives a boost to Beijing after criticism at home of its handling of new coronavirus, but new travel barriers and alerts illustrate fears around the globe that China may not be doing enough to contain Wuhan outbreak via 
New York City Bill Would Let Green Card Holders Vote in Local Elections 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Idea That Fed #Repos Are Driving Markets Gains Traction, in CentralBanks - #moneymarkets - 
"I want an Oompa-Loompa NOW!" 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - OpEd by @TheWCS in the 
Founder of #insys Therapeutics sentenced. @contrarydomino #erm #businessethics #revenuerisk 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Trump said he is offering a Mideast peace plan that charts a course to two states for Israelis and Palestinians, with Jerusalem as the capital of Israel 
: New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
@Jeanjeannie20 @RevDrDickMove @DawsonSField I’m sure he’s exceptionally good at “sharing the Gospel” in that threesome. 
@AMPFEST_USA He has been impeached. The Senate trial decides whether to remove him from office. 
@Inzi34 @Notaboomer1 @PrisonPlanet Here’s another ominous report of major US Universities tied to Wuhan. They are all dealing in biologics. 
@mkraju So which is true? 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
Chinese Property Developers Face Off Against the Communist Party 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@BrandonBeckham_ @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump is eally making America great again. Real good budget balancing. This fool will ruin America. 
Question #1: Why would you want to block witnesses? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Nation Struggles To Understand Why Area Pie Didn't Come Out Right 
@lauferlaw @Teri_Kanefield BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
@giufuliafa @HeerJeet Bernie isn't doing that by touting an endorsement to show that he has widespread appeal. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
@nberlat Heaven forbid he reaches millions in that mythical center the most popular platform that reaches them. When calls out the hypocritical absurdity of this drama, you've hit the big leagues 
@GregRubini Sondland gave Trump's Inaugural Fund a $1 million donation. That is how he got the EU Ambassador job. Even Murdoch's will tell you that, as will every other news source on the planet. 
Outrage After Obama Outed As White Supremacist 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
What scripture did he find that said, "And @realDonaldTrump shalt take porn actress @StormyDaniels to an Inn where he will call My Name. After which, thou shall pay her $130K, and she will nameth you 'Mushroom Head'" to back this claim? 
This!!! Words escape me regarding the “explanation” of what Trump was doing w/a Porn Star while his 3rd wife was dealing with a young child! I’m sure it was a deeply probing “discussion” of short duration! Pun and innuendo intended! 
Golden APPLE posts record holiday earnings...: Golden APPLE posts record holiday earnings... (Top headline, 1st story, link) --- Related stories: Highest quarterly revenue -- ever! iPhone sales smash expectations... STOCK SPIKES... TV+ misses... Drudge… 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
This, but public health officials anytime anyone in America experiences cold like symptoms for the next six months 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@LivesKuato @_donlasky @ZaidJilani The DNC and soon as there's a glitch with it in any way no matter who wins no one will trust the outcome. 
“ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.” 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Sad: This Mormon Missionary Just Realized He's Been Riding A Stationary Bike For Two Years | 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Some Re­pub­li­cans said the ground had shifted after the Bolton revelations. “I’m not go­ing to deny it’s go­ing to change the deci­bel level and prob­a­bly the in­ten­sity at which we go about talk­ing about wit­nesses,” said ⁦@SenatorBraun⁩. 
Now you know this guy is a fraud, fake and a carnival barker. He is DELUSIONAL Stop giving him $ you will not get to heaven by enriching this dumbass Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #impeachment 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. Miracles do happen proved. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@PressSec @realDonaldTrump Yeah... he cares about filling his pockets with taxpayer money. If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in 2020 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - The Wall Street Journal 
McConnell tells GOP senators not enough votes to block witnesses in #impeachmenttrial - via ⁦⁩ 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China @AAUP @insidehighered 
@realDonaldTrump U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #SoMuchWinning #FiscalConservative 
We need a President who stands with workers against rapacious corporate greed &amp; relentlessly encourages workers to join the UNION! That is why⁦ ⁦@UNITEHERE11⁩ endorses Warren &amp; Sanders Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute 
@jennylstirling We have this going for us 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #SeventyFicePercent #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses or #GOPExtinction #RIPGOP2020 #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #WillTheGOPBeTraitorsOrPatriots 
Sometimes, corporate ethos and music blur together 
Cash, Plastic or Hand? Amazon Envisions Paying With a Wave #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
U.K. Watchdog Warns Banks on Taking Action Against Overdraft Pricing 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Hey @Cnn, @Snopes and @PolitiFact can you fact check this for me? 
how to fuck does it help when you repress conversations about it u fucking communist 
the New York Times account of what the book says about Mr. Trump and Ukraine appears a month later—on the eve of the Senate vote on witnesses. The timing is Kavanaugh-esque -- John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
#ChuckSchumer said Mr. #Bolton’s allegation “essentially confirms the president committed the offenses charged in the 1st article of #impeachment” He added:“How can Senate Republicans not vote to call that witness &amp; request his documents?” #BoltonTestify 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Conor McGregor Credits Excellent Pre-Fight Shape To Routine Of Hurling Heavy Objects In Public Spaces 
@hunter_penn_h In Saudi Arabia, Twitter Has Become a Tool to Crack Down on Dissent 
@gtconway3d Check it out, hot off the presses! 
The Billie Eilish Revolution: How the Unconventional Teen Swept the Grammys via 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for regulation: via #technology #regulation #Davos2020 
“This place is completely overrun with those monsters, and frankly, they kind of creep me out,” said the Prince of Darkness" 
To quote my always sympathetic &lt;&lt;cough - cough!&gt;&gt; Drill Instructor would say when our asses was dragging: “Poor F—king Pussy” - then proceed to PT us to death! LOL! 
Impressed Military Drops Portland Antifa In Hostile ISIS Territory To Continue Doling Out Justice 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
@theuncomforta13 @DebraRinehart53 @MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump It was Clinton. Did you forget the collapse was due to housing. Clinton thought everyone should be a homeowner even if they could t afford it. He gutted regulations and encouraged Fannie and Freddie to lend to everyone 
Meesa thinks thisa be satire ... 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
@nj_back Welcome to the Party—Now Go Home Why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew in the Republican primary. #TakeBackNJ 
@ScottyMuir_ @PhilaPhilosophy @PatrickAraya95 haha, obviously this guy: 
Can a Harvard University Professor be Smart and Stupid at the same time? Yes. Charles Lieber, the Chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department arrested for SPYING for #China. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Good. Now let's see if the GOP has found their collective spine...GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
When Is It Safe for Children to Start Strength Training? - this is for you ⁦@GaryCTS⁩ 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton. 
The debt load in the U.S. is exploding, yet bond yields are trading near record lows, giving Uncle Sam breathing room to ramp up more debt. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
This is golden!! 🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂 @AdamSchiff you’re a joke 
#WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Well this 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
@AprilTara @AngryBlackLady Also, I cannot think of REO Speedwagon without thinking of this: 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
🐝 😂 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the Wuhan virus, as it was for SARS in 2003. via 
New urban economics explainer! On #siliconalley and #agglomeration 
No thank you. 
"If someone is making money in a way that most people do not understand, most people will vote for someone to redistribute that money in a way the most people will understand." Says a subscriber in comment to an article about HFT. 
So much winning! 
People this from the Babylon Bee a notorious satire site. Take this will a ton of salt! ___________________&lt;&lt; Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may... 
#Apple posted #record #revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of #iPhones, #apps and its #AirPods wireless earbuds. 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors - 
@gregderego First reported here! 
@SteveBenko this one hit different :( 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
@JoniMiller99 @AHaywoodlocal92 @tweetabird1 @MarianneMcFee1 @ChrisAlbertoLaw @RepAdamSchiff Yes, pay attention Joni. That's why the courts are used to determine whether executive privilege is granted. Why did the House withdraw the court request? 
“You’re not the medical professional, I am,” (SOUND FAMILIAR? 😬😉) saw a 30% increase in survival rates &amp; fewer instances of self-reported pain. “Being a fucking huge cock is literally the difference between life and death.” 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
@randall_bobb @RalphS24381648 @silentp97132138 @keith32541 @MSPOA @CtonneTonne @BethMosher5 @lisakitchens8 @JerryArk @homerjarvis11 @MarilynLavala @JayStJames2 @StarEHope @mac31972 @Consofcooking1 @Situation_Aware @GracieLovesUSA @TheAkmed @Quin4Trump @DelayKathleen @Big_crusher1000 @KarenLockard5 @KarlAda46240558 @cuckadoodleshoo @jester_60 @saving_one @fedagentmark @Manmade011 @imadmf @robin_ked @JoyGarn31949049 @karmaal2010 @Streetsurvivor7 @cjolds @EvrybodysGotOne @Parry2Shawn @kim_kspain593 @Loveflowrzz @RUSTY1012000 @EDMarsat2017 @Lynnett46863253 @BordenDaytime @MetalGal @Ladd10Tony @vesupak @walkawaylib @Lakewayjay @Palidyn @NRA_4ME Love this sarcasm By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
This actually happened. 
Global Stocks Follow Wall Street Lower as Fed Signals Independence 
Sen. Rick Scott airs anti-Biden ad in Iowa 
The FAA under Transportation @SecElaineChao is gaining a reputation for acting "improperly" in ways that benefit the big corporations they regulate: 
Interesting developments. 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
If we've learned nothing else during this divisive time, we can surely all agree brought their A game: Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial 
[] The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@SenatorLankford Will you vote to withdraw aid, to Israel, based upon corruption charges? You can't have it both ways. #WitnessesAndDoucuments 
@Mr_Farenheit_ @kentsomers @bmaz @SmelOdiesOG Man, this is well over 20 years-old. 
Local Man Gets Cross Tattoo In Lieu Of Sanctification | 
@ceciliavfx Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
It’s about time! MLB To Speed Up Games By Replacing Umpires With Bears 
This means...Impeachment after impeachment. @SpeakerPelosi has nothing else. Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Rasputin outfoxed sHitler and made him his bitch 
Baby killing Gov Blackface-the tyrant Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
In 2020, the biggest challenge will be to understand where the growth will come from on a macro level, said Oscar Decotelli, chief executive of Brazilian private-equity firm DXA Investments 
When money wins versus doing that right thing. Disappointing. Why would you allow the fox to even stay right outside the hen house?? #brexit #Huawei ⁦@BorisJohnson⁩ 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Way cool! 
the alt-right's founder, Bob Altright. 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
@CNN and Ignorance of @donlemon via 
@realDonaldTrump Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,” he said. 
Why is the @GOP silent about the financial health of our country? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
I took the test, no surprise, I’m a solid Harry. The Harry-or-William leadership dilemma 
@yankeepirate247 @KKatMiss @donnnie @CunningMarshal @TheTemmaTheHun @Grandma_Boom @TrumpSugar @laylow88861429 @Turk187187 @PwrCane1 @GOPCrimeFamiIy @JimHaf @BobC7000 @BigTev300 @alshadowdancer @DectiveSamSpade @calijeff1 @annableigh @LibertyBella9 @SpaceForceBravo @dennismm59 @dbongino @DigiVorr @Bennus_H @gorillastyle @OriginalQ10 @shinobi_tony @TourguideJ @PersevereEver @yancey_todd @ShlomoIndiana @Wrong_way_down @JaysonFloyd @Politinfo @Apritions @JoeKidd1992 @HouseOfJames2 @loramckenna5 @BrooklynPrivat1 @Goathead19 @AbrahamAlyzah @ReaperGrim18 @Alawnguy @OurTrilLife @2tall2fall4it @SBDSoultrain @annsmith1955 @Sahara_Stevens @robert_sicario @Im_Effin_Dunn But they could try🤣 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' | 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Reading ... - How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela : The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies. The opposition meanwhile is in disarray and is losing… 
Beware Bernie and Liz, they want all of your income and they will tell you how to spend what you have left. "a wealth tax is just one of the revenue grabs to expect in a Warren or Sanders administration" Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
Were already there 
Apple's latest results mark a turn to form, per @trippmickle for - 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects. So the #RepublicanParty is no longer interested in fiscal responsibility 
Fascism...Americas favorite dish 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home 
Is this guy for real?🤨 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
.His plan is being rejected by some of our allies &amp; many Arabs. It doesn't include a 2 state solution!! Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
@GuitarMan59LP @3GHtweets @MonkeyMyBack @RetributiaNorb @Kenneth72712993 @conely6511 @JohnBurnieTas @jenninemorgan @GetMyGist @EthonRaptor @Gladfly1 @ClimatePoet @DawnTJ90 @KIVUNature @dvibrationz @BradSchrag @SturmLLiouville @UvMeter @swcrisis @GillesnFio @LarkRellez @NikolovScience @MATTP1949 @dgweld @JaggerMickOZ @EcoSenseNow @Tangomitteckel @badmoonrising11 @Rail4Eva @Bananenrijperij @dunvirkin @unclejohnCC @VanessaRiley61 @FrankWi74044551 @ElQuesoSabio @PolAnimalAus @jamft @DubiBoat @birdhillll @SlugBub @LofayPeter @stillwaters777 @kruttika108 @KCTaz @JamesDe34061167 @SetagNodnarb @M_Sighil @peikko763 @terrymorse Look a little deeper. #OilWars are basically just part of the long grift of #CronyCapitalism, and the pols, pundits and bureaucrats who promote, feed and live off of it. nailed it in 1998: 
Anarchy Symbol Updated To Appeal To Today's Teens @yablowza 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Why Mitch McConnell drives opponents into conniptions. 
Say goodbye to cars and welcome your SDPM (Self-Driving People-Mover) — Detroit is on a path to becoming a hub of future automotive technology — | #TechNews by @MikeColias via @PaulPage Logistics 
High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
As always gets it right: 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth #SmartNews 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Double sinks in the master bath: Ask yourself, how many times have you and your mate used them at the same time? Our columnist investigates. 
Everyone On The Internet Awarded Honorary Degree In International Affairs 
: Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians. But don't the Palestinians already have two States which they manage very badly and dictatorially? Why do they deserve another? via 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Is small beautiful? Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers - Wall Street #ecommerce #retailinnovation #grocerydelivery 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
» Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners | 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
How can you not like these guys??? 
Congrats to Anaïs Mitchell and Jason Collier for Grammy wins last night. Here are the songs they had in heavy rotation while working on the projects that won them their statues. 
Injecting a little humor! 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
Your Mutual-Fund and ETF Fees Might Still Vary More Than They Should. Mutual Fund Fee Maze? Let eCIO help navigate the course. #mutualfund #nonprofit #investing 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Yeah, it's Babylon Bee but not unbelievable. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
: 422ed6d6-0683-4043-8b7a-ccaf007b7cd6 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
With his Penis!?! FFS. This is ridiculous. Wonder what @StormyDaniels has to say about this 🤔 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Very very good: 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor *Satire* (kinda) 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Credit-scoring company Fair Isaac is making changes that will create a bigger gap between consumers deemed to be good and bad credit risks. @wsj #DeltaCommunityCU #CreditScore 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Drumpf Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
“Premature scaling in capital intensive industries is insane,” said some wise soul. 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Replacing the open-concept office? Yes. A BIG yes. To this. 
The Trump administration said it would target e-commerce operators with broader enforcement, seeking to compel companies to help root out fakes via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
HA HA HA.... HEH In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses. Jesus Christ! For God's sake no president in the history of the free world has ever amassed and thrown aside every foundational law of any democracy. And still, Republicans expect to eliminate witnesses? 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay 
Does this explain everything or anything ? 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
Zher was not available for comment. 
Man Regrets Wasting Money On College After Failing To Secure Perfect Dream Life By 24 
🇩🇪 MinDef @akk: “We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.” 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues...: Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... (Third column, 5th story, link) --- Related stories: 'Oh my God, Sanders can win'... Celeb star-power fuels final Iowa sprint... POLL: NH BERNS! Uproar over DNC convention… 
Staffers Beg #RacistRalph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
State Department Official Raised Concerns in 2015 Over Hunter Biden - 
Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns - And justifiably so. Internet voting isn’t technically secure... yet. 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@DeanneBranch11 @SenatorLankford so should @DevinNunes and @MickMulvaneyOMB 
No biggie. 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Interesting bit in this story on Moscow's support of Venezuela briefly highlights Trump admin's reluctance to impose sanctions on Russian enterprises. This kept Venezuela’s oil and gold flowing to buyers, keeping Maduro in power. 
: Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
Once again, satire site Babylonbee is more truth than the media, because this, in fact, IS what they ARE fearing and it IS the reason for the sham impeachment exercise! 
President Rouhani threatened to resign if the armed forces didn’t take responsibility for shooting down the plane. He also criticized the Guardian Council, saying disqualifying reformists and moderates threatens #Iran's democracy and national sovereignty 
Funny that this article talks about scaring ppl in the NYC subway if someone passes out from flu ... I did that in 2004. Woke up flat on my back 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Obama Boasts That Obamacare Has Reduced Health Care Costs By Lowering Life Expectancy: 'Thank Me For That' 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment. via 
: cf0b9251-6cc7-4247-bcc6-a2c888e52e83 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Well, she said it was 30 seconds, so he didn’t share much. 
Hello World That’s what my religion is. Open your eyes. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
Momentous headline and story here by @nataliewsj @rebeccaballhaus 
This is the funniest thing I've seen all week. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
hahahahahaha Man Beginning To Worry That Best Meals Already Behind Him 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
They are so “elite” they can’t even see why this would be despicable! #Deplorables 
Banks Build New Tools to Shift Short-Term Borrowing #banking #innovation #shortterm #lending #trends 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
When does science cross the line? #Science #DNA. Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, @charlesmurray 
Abrams was sent to ask Putin to drop #Maduro last year, and instead #Russia rallied a coalition of states, including most importantly #India (oil) and #UAE (gold), to circumvent the sanctions on #Venezuela and defeat Trump's effort to replace the regime. 
@ashleylynch @the_moviebob Reminds me of something 
Fuck these religious dicks!! They roll any felony or “sin” up in a Hail Mary/Our Father &amp; say it’s gods word. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
1. We're not a democracy 2. You are an idiot. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN :) lol 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life via 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Academics Take Aim at Regional Fed Banks in New Research, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
BREAKING FROM DAVOS! Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
: Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
My dad immigrated to the US as a kid, started working before he turned 10 &amp; went from entry level underwriter to ins. co. President/CIO. VC deals aren't my usual Twitter fodder. But my father shows why we should embrace/support immigrants #VentureCapital 
@erb_kay @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
How many ladies has he Bakker shared the gospel with in a hotel room? And how many has he given $130k to help them in their faith? Incredulous. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, The #BabylonBee Purchases Competing #Satire Site #CNN 
I'm deeply grateful for @UniteHere11's endorsement. They're on the front lines of the fights for better wages, benefits, and dignity on the job—including when they won their historic contract with Sodexo. I'm proudly fighting by their side. 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Warren claims Bernie also told her that he hates puppies, beer, Dolly Parton, and that on the day he became president he would outlaw french fries."He told me, people who eat french fries are vermin," she told reporters."Literal vermin." 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@AdamParkhomenko On my FB newsfeed ... reminds me of your newsletter today... 
Real-estate startups take lessons from WeWork and are expanding slowly unlike the rapid growth tactics used by lower cost social media platforms #BCSTT #D 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime: 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
@MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump No, it was Bill Clinton. It was the housing collapse that caused the great recession. Bill Clinton decide everyone should be a homeowner. He gutted government regulations and encouraged Fannie and Freddie to lend to anyone. 
💚 VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Was Jeff Bezos' phone hacked? Did the Saudis do it? How is it related to his divorce, if at all? Listen to @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf discuss what we know and don't know about this story. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Afghanistan Crash @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election So funny its true... 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Who Hacked Jeff Bezos? —strong argument that it was not the Saudis 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Well thank you mr trump dump, Republicans and this completely corrupt administration! That includes Conway and all the Lawyers. 
"Furthermore, as indirect evidence of the fact that I have a fun disposition, I do not like things that are not fun." 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
The conglomerate posted higher fourth-quarter profit and sales while warning that Boeing’s problems with its 737 MAX airliner will hurt results in its Collins Aerospace business. 
Easing rules 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
This a thickening of the plot I did not expect. 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace - The Wall Street Journal. Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
20 years ago from this week: 'Greatest Story Ever Told' Has Gimmicky Deus Ex Machina Ending 
Internet Users Who Call For Attacking Other Countries Will Now Be Enlisted In The Military Automatically | 
@CourthouseNews that'll stop 'em! 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Although Wuhan's mayor blames Beijing for the lack of disclosure (unclear whether the world's largest new year's banquet serving 40,000 had to be kept on the schedule). 
ELECT A DEMOCRAT - HOLD ONTO YOUR WALLET. THEY WANT TO DOUBLE YOUR TAX BURDEN. WHEN WILL ENOUGH BE ENOUGH? APPARENTLY 100% WOULD STILL NOT BE ENOUGH 5 w 
Glenn Reynolds calls the Babylon Bee "America's paper of record." After seeing the article below (and after composing myself and wiping away tears of laughter) I'd say he's not wrong. #Satire #humor 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
#vvccis101 #socialmedia #satire MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
The curbs on travel are some of the most extreme measures ever taken, including those enacted during the worst of the severe acute respiratory syndrome epidemic in 2003. via 
@socalsalty @kathy_markovich @sweetlifephoto It's a parody site: 
When will people stop worshiping the Ivies? 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via #ChinaCoronavirus #fuckChina 
There it is for all you who support Republicans and say they have President Trump’s back! You’re Full of SH*T! Most Republicans in the House and Senate don’t support him or YOU, if you voted for him. It’s why I support Pres Trump and only Trump. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #Protect2A 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@LeaderHoyer @kelbelle10 @POTUS “The gov­ern­ment will spend $1 tril­lion more than it col­lects in 2020 and deficits will ex­ceed that amount every year for the fore­see­able fu­ture.” #GOPTaxScam 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 😂 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early: 
Wait 
If Trump goes to court to prevent witness testimony, can CJ Roberts allow testimony in the Senate anyway? 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. An opaque autocracy doing damage to its people welfare- self serving mangers who sing &amp; dance with good news , .expect more pain / mismanagement 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Babylon Bee purchases CNN!🤣😂🤣 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
SSAB Swings to Loss 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
Global warming? Here's a worldwide *cooling* trend. 
More with less: The company has about 4,000 IT employees, down from roughly 10,000 before Michael McNamara became CIO in 2015 via 
@waltshaub @Cupcake072761 This is the last mention of a sale that I've seen. But I'm looking for a more recent one. Read this article, it is very interesting..! 
@RawStory Nope. Mitch McConnell says the GOP doesn’t have votes to block kmpeachment witnesses. 
Machine-learning systems spot patterns that indicate which patients have high risk profiles for sepsis 
Refinancing Boom Fuels Mortgages to Postcrisis Record - ATM $ 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site #CNNisGarbage ☝️👍 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
IF Democrats lived 3000 years ago... 
says @senatemajldr doesn't have the votes to stop vote on Witnesses later this week... #ImpeachmentTrials #Impeachment #Witnesses 
@zerohedge Shanghai Building Collapses, Nearly Intact &gt; 
Tech: AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology: 
McConnell had a choice, to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective. He chose effective. By ⁦@wjmcgurn⁩ 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of #5G 
Kobe grew up In #Italy; fans, friends and players remember #KobeBryant, the #NBA legend who learned basketball there 
And he's in Virginia! Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@GeoffRBennett Ummm... do what? 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
Experts Warn We Have Only 12 Years Left Until They Change The Timeline On Global Warming Again 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Starbucks Unveils New Satanic Holiday Cups | #travelwebsite #bookhotel #CheapFlights 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
LOL, enjoy! 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism 
@goldblatchikens I didn't leave it out. The chart is from the : 
Bond Rally Takes Breather Despite Coronavirus Fears: 
More here from @lindsaywise @siobhanehughes: 
Bravo and thanks to reporter @SueS for her pioneering 30-year career reporting on work/life issues. As a #workingmother, I deeply appreciate the opportunity to read stories of how other people manage the many demands of being a working parent. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
New York’s @MTA Criticized Over #CongestionPricing Panel 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via 
#SuperBowlLIV 🏈🥑🔪🖐🤕 *Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back—With a Vengeance* 'Super Bowl Sunday, one of the biggest avocado-consumption days in the U.S., has the potential to be particularly perilous' - 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Speaking at a news conference while wearing a surgical mask, Carrie Lam said Hong Kong would shut two railways that connect to the mainland, as well as reduce cross-border tour buses, ferries and flights to and from China, @srussolillo @joyuwang report: 
Heh! Points made. AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
A wet market is a market that sells fresh produce. Fish, vegetable, or even farmers markets are :wet market'. The wildlife trade must end, but to demand abolishing these markets? Just clean it up. Science doesn't make racism fine. 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Never thought I'd see a picture of an ex-boyfriend in the Wall Street Journal, I have to admit. 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
"Scooter Startups Take Steps to Curb Inefficiencies, Address Safety Concerns" 
: e25a63d5-9537-4be6-9240-9695ab72ef51 
"I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has." &lt;--That sums up the Democratic Party right there. 
“When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with” 😊 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - 
@BigJoeIsBack Here is the source for the article. 
Get yours before they are all gone! Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans A new federal rule will keep untrained ‘emotional support animals’ off planes. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
The Wall Street Journal: The U.N. and Human Trafficking. via @GoogleNews 
.Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Join Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election. 😂🤣 
Closing For Profit Charter Schools Worsens the Eduction Crisis The first Step ic. Completion Between Private - Charter (Profit &amp; Non Profit) - Public Schools Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter 
Wonder if @StormyDaniels' feels the same?? Maybe Jim should take a page from her book, she doesn't 't lie. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Heard on the Street: Grubhub is considering a sale or buying a rival, potentially undermining the CEO’s defense of its business model via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@SmokescreenSti1 @Marfoogle @zerohedge Your „it is stolen from Canada“ story is exactly as well researched and proven as this story 
@nyccookies @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
The spread of the coronavirus could hurt some businesses, but executives say it is too early to know the financial impact 
Bring 'em on!! #JohnBoltonMustTestify #OneVoice1 
I laughed 
The Pleasures of Eating Alone 
And btw - India is also being outperformed by its poorer south asian neighbours on social development. Ooops. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Satire Tweet #3 "Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" 
Every Bret Stephens column: 
Thousand Talents Plan.... Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
#stableGenius But because they all stem from his opponents’ frustration at his successes — the real effect is to paint Mr. Mc Connell as some sort of evil genius, writes @wjmcgurn 
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Oh Bee! You are so much fun! 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
😂🤣 Cap the Pebble manufacture! 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Frantic impeachment managers thought about pushing things back a day so as not to be eclipsed by Taco Tuesday, but then impeachment would just be eclipsed by Wing Wednesday. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Regulators to propose removing 3% limit on stake banks can own in venture funds they offer clients #VentureCapital by @amacker 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
@SteveHuff One of my favourite articles of all time... 
@RepAdamSchiff Adam, Trump is on trial for doing the same things as Joe Biden did as VP, holding back aid money to force Ukraine to end prosecutor investigation into Hunter Biden's shady nepotism to get a highly profitable corporate board position in Ukraine. Roll tape: 
@wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @9CatGhosts @Lor_blueeyes @lou_bruette @Thumper5465 @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @SONADORLIVESON @Impeachedforty5 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @jdd2169 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge @MockingQballs1 @FranciGirl85 @MaryChenevert @siempresoldados Checkmate 
CNN Reveals Bernie Sanders Running For President Of Country With History Of Sexism 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Sanchez Energy’s unsecured creditors are seeking court permission to pursue claims they say are worth hundreds of millions of dollars 
Update: Complicit GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Wow another six months of fundraising .... oh and collusion to get rid of trump - McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City U.S. evacuation flight set to ferry some citizens to California, while hundred... 
The Bee has genius humor! In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent Another Opaque autocracy on its death bed 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@medstudentmom @ChrisMurphyCT @maniseku P.S. think of the victims and stop keeping self-abuse a secret! 
What happens now? We still don't know. Ideally, Senators get to ask questions. and additional evidence is entered into the record, such as witnesses called to testify. It is likely that the Senate will vote against witnesses and move on, but... 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
The bubble is NOT in large caps. The bubble is NOT in large caps. The bubble is NOT... #StaySharpe 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Blood, like urine, has traditionally been blue. @kotex thinks audiences are ready for reality in #advertising. 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke #satire #article 
Mitch McConnell Sends Pelosi Shirt Reading 'I Impeached The President And All I Got Was This Lousy T-Shirt' 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale 
@wotrwokr @lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @SONADORLIVESON @808constituent @jdd2169 @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @Michael16862235 @QuareFellas @Lor_blueeyes @shrekthepunk @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge Checkmate Progress. I always win. 
@aanthony2020 @JulieWinnMusic @PramilaJayapal @BernieSanders Are you worried about socializing the stock market? This should scare the shit out of you then 
It's past time to move seriously in this direction, embrace electrification: GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via 
Who needs satire? This is too close to the real thing. With the support of an hysteric MSM of course. 
Romney was busted this morning for bringing contraband chocolate milk onto the Senate floor. (Can confirm BYU's chocolate milk is really good.) 
I Am Fun 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I feel it. I took several naps while the #Democrats were repeating everything over, over and over. 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Harvard Chemistry Dept Chair Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Top story: The Tax Increases to Come - see more 
Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom 
Jim Bakkker says 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' 
@splatterhouses1 @w_terrence So, were you sleeping then or are you lying now? 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do at the Office 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
China’s president has spoken about the country’s ability to show leadership on global issues, such as public health. His response to the coronavirus crisis is likely to be seen as an important test. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
This NEWS SITE is the only one that reports the TRUTH without mincing words. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@brianstelter This is about right: 
The boom in industrial real estate is losing steam despite vacancy rates remaining historically low, a new study from Cushman &amp; Wakefield suggests via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@JimBakkerShow Kinda like you were doing with Jessica Hahn? 
“Thanks, MacGruber. You’ve made me a teeny bit richer than I already am.” 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement ⁦⁩ and I think alike :) 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents 
@GraemeE13 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman, and Mr. Tillis called impeachment a sham. Ms. McSally’s office said she doesn’t comment on what happens in private meetings. 
Forgiving The Man Who Took My Family Hostage: The McGill Alexander Interview 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Definitely a trend to pay attention to, I’ve been seeing a number of articles pop up around it. 
Pro tip: I easily converted my AR15 with the hat I already owned! 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
“For two years, Reid hired Chris Ault, the progenitor of the “Pistol” offense at the University of Nevada, far beyond the NFL’s mainstream, to consult with his team.” 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@cspanwj #QAnon #WeAreTheNewsNow Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Democrats’ War on Fracking Will Cost Them in Battleground States Ohio and Michigan have more than 400,000 shale workers, and Pennsylvania alone has 320,000. via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption. 
Head On Pike Helps Castle’s Looks 
Someone needs to tell him, " well, how about voter ID so your illegals, dead, &amp; cheaters can't vote!" Duh. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
, satire though it is, gets pretty close to the truth. The Colombo part is guesswork, I think. 
CNN Reporter Informs Iranian Protesters They're Supposed To Be Shouting 'Death To America' 
The horror 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@PamelaMassetti It's mu pinned tweet. 
@MoffittNews @Harvard @elkingtonxy @LifeSciVC @Dereklowe @gbrumfiel @aviswanatha Has Thomas Feddo commented on Lieber's arrest and implications on #CFIUS enforcement? @KatyStech 
Technology can be tricky. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
$UVN Univision Suitor Seeks to Recruit CBS Chief to Front Bid 
markets: The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Renault is planning to name former Volkswagen executive Luca de Meo as its chief executive at an extraordinary board meeting this week via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses The problem is not to keep President or remove him from the power ? The problem is in the future to make the evil Islam is a dominant religion and keep the LGBTQ practice as a choices ! 
Vow! Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders such as @Google @Microsoft @Facebook @apple are now calling publicly for new laws via @udaimehta @amol_kulkarni1 @ujjwal1841 @bigphilgj 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
"Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land" BTS 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
: Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial | 
.⁦@senatemajldr⁩ Says ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment #Witnesses 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
At least he's not going to the one in Boulder: buncha hippies whimpering that you own a car.... 
PG&amp;E Bond Prices Jump, While Shares Dip 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview #WhatDoYouThink? 
Terrible decision @BorisJohnson. Absolutely terrible: Say goodbye to the quick U/S.-U.K. trade deal. Why make easy decisions hard, and why make obviously counter-productive choices? 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. - 
Warning: This announcement has not been Fact Checked by Brian Stelter yet and might actually be satire. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #WalkAway from #FakeNews 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial #SmartNews 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@mnicoletos @SantiagoAuFund @LukeGromen @parlin56 All part of the plan Michael. Only through perpetual crises and destroying countries like yours can they impose their will on the continent 😉 Now they have a lawyer dealmaker at the helm. All part of the plan 😎 
#Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - #Chinese #theft 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
Why Baby Boomers Are Their Own Worst Workplace Enemy - named 1 of 5 best #babyboomers posts of 2016 #blogging 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Moscow Mitch says he does NOT have enough votes to block witnesses 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump As you know #kremlinkevin 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. 
Alternate headline: GOP Doesn't Have Votes To Continue Cover-up. 
Some countries could use guidance to justify decisions to allow Huawei's technology in 5G equipment, while others might do the opposite, expert says 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
.@RepAdamSchiff claims the #American people may tamper with our #democracy. No shit, Sherlock. It’s called VOTING! 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
*Cough* 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
Charles Lieber, the chair of Harvard's chemistry department, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
#Myanmar is high financial and reputational risk #Rohingya. Doing business with genocidal country carries a real and increased financial risks to foreign businesses and #investors @BoycottMM @nslwin @FreeRoCoalition @ASEANMP 
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling. 
Obama Reminds Democrats To Save The Far-Left Stuff Until After They Get Elected 
Is India barging towards the 2008 US crisis? 
Are you sick and tired of the political fights going on? Have a touch of satire to lighten your mood 🤣 Massive plank appears in #AdamSchiff eye as he accuses #Trump of lying #MondayMood #Trump2020 #KAG2020 #mondaythoughts 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Europe’s economy remained a global weak spot as 2020 got under way 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
@Grannywhotweets @bfitz944 @TheRickWilson "But the Obama administration has agreed to send only military rations for now," 
@Debbie56111656 @realDonaldTrump @melissaadams53 @AriFleischer The harrowing, heartbreaking story. 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The 😂😂😂😂😂🤔😜 @realDonaldTrump spreading the Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@PollyCHaag @SaftyInNumbers @Bronsays @neal_katyal @nytimes I read that he said that in the Republican conference meeting today! Has he made a public statement? I don't want to jinx this by celebrating too soon. 
The progressive movement can and will win. We're tired of the same old, same old, that got us in this mess. 
@ClenchedFisk 19 years old but still applicable 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
The King of All Cosmos approves. 
From Discover on Google 
@Eric_Alterman I prefer the Bee :) 
it is a major worry, too. Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@_BeautifuIMind @SreenivasanJain @mmazumdar2014 @airindiain @TIME @TheEconomist @Forbes @nytimes @NikkeiAsia @FT @washingtonpost @Swamy39 Our govt is in distress sale mode. Today they sell airindia.Railway already started selling it's fleet. Airports are going to Adani.BPCL HP&amp;many other profit making entities are for sale.Even the reserve money with RBI is taken. Wake up bro. It's too late 
Funny for my fellow gun folks! 😸👊 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Ha ha ha ha ha...'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@realDonaldTrump So is this! 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the #NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the #Chiefs embraced its principles and are now in the #Superbowl! via 
ABSOLUTELY MANDATORY READING.... pass it on. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
#homeschool As a former homeschool kid who took Koine Greek this article triggers me LOL 
@SenCoryGardner Why is it that you’re unconcerned about this President’s actions and how they impact America? “Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman.” 
Groceries exit from pharmacy business. via #retail 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
Sick irony that Italian American Ken Cuccinelli of the DHS announces the following article rehearsing self sufficiency since so many formerly non-white Italians were on public assistance, sent money back to Italy, and even brought crime. 
It’s the nature of a hit in the streaming era: A program that drives obsession in many viewers often draws blank stares from others 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment How else is she going to afford adrenochrome now that her Ukrainian kickbacks have dried up? #pelsoi #Maga #TheGreatAwakening #Qanon #adrenochrome #Impeacment #Soros 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses I don't understand why some GOP senators want to see more witnesses for this bullshit impeachment. The Dems want to prolong this hoax, but we all know how this is going to end! 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus - 
@stevensoileau1 @Lucy72794184 @LadyFyreAZ @charliekirk11 Ukraine knew they hadn't received the aid by the time the phone call was made. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Please disappoint me @SenateGOP! DEMAND DOCUMENTS &amp;/or Witnesses! 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #news #feedly 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
#Innovation and #NationalSecurity in the 21st Century Chalk up the #US as another incumbent in danger of #digitaldisruption, partly due to decreased #federal #RnD funding and #China’s #tech advances. #security #cyber #IT 
The Department of Transportation proposes allowing only service dogs trained to help travelers with physical or psychiatric disorders to fly for free via 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
BEAST.🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️ 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Want help researching entities owned by sanctioned companies &amp; individuals? #FCPA #OFAC50% #OFAC 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
.@senatemajldr Derangement Syndrome is strong, but it's only because he keeps beating the @SpeakerPelosi and her liberal allies. #KYSen 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election *Satire*, but so close to their mindset!!! 🤨 ⁦@DNC⁩@ABC⁩ ⁦@CBSNews⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@NBCNews⁩ ⁦@MSNBC⁩ ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Congrats ⁦⁩ but I think you paid too much! 
U.K. Court Orders Russians to Pay $900 Million Over Bank Collapse: 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' | 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Sus­tained fed­eral bud­get deficits and debt will hit the high­est lev­els since World War II over the next decade, ac­cord­ing to a Con­gres­sional Bud­get Office re­port re­leased on Tues­day. 
When satire isn’t that far from the truth. #marchforlife2020 #prolife 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | ⁦@greggutfeld⁩ 
Kobe Bryant Tears Up While Reflecting On All The Mistakes Teammates Made During His Career 
Sad day for the @Pirates. #Pnc was a good ballpark. I wish him only the best. 
A voting app for the #IowaCaucus? Will it be safe enough? We will see... @BBBNWP 
Every once in a while I wonder if is really satire. What say you @GovernorVA ?? 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility - 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
But he’s innocent anyway! Read the transcripts!! 😂🤣🤪 ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ continues to lose! He’s a loser in business and he’s a loser in the WH. #ImpeachedForever McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
AOC Gets Into Heated Debate With Siri At Congressional Hearings | 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via @Annaisaac 
Legalizing marijuana regains attention among state lawmakers 
I agree let's go back to melee combat. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
New Express Transplant List Offers Patients Kidney Or First Available Organ 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
The Wall Steet Journal excels at these slice of life stories. 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
Micro-fulfillment centers, which use robots to automate picking online grocery orders and are small enough to be in existing stores, are growing in the US; startup @FabricLogistics constructs its first site in the US and plans to have 6 by end of 2020. 
Academia's being co-opted by Chinese govt is one of the worst kept secrets ever. This is just tip of iceberg? Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
😂😂😂 Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Has this story been verified? Haven’t seen it in the MSM but seems plausible. Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Cackling Julian Assange Disintegrates Into Lines Of Code As Baffled Authorities Attempt To Handcuff Him 
Stocks Pause Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus 📰 » 
I wrote about the broader phenomenon of Iranian travelers (including green card holders and U.S. citizens of Iranian birth) being questioned extensively by immigration and customs officials 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
When you lie to yourself and embody entitlement, you naturally resort to totalitarian approaches. @gtconway3d @tribelaw #Facts #ImpeachmentHoax 
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via 
The clowns @ CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration❗ 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, the Iranian establishment strives to restore unity amid awareness that differences could jeopardize regime. Like Rouhani walking out after the Supreme Leader's sermon? #HassanRouhani #AliKhamenei #IRGC #Iran #ایران 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
Snopes Issues Pre-Approval Of All Statements Made During Tonight's Democratic Debate 
Contraband at work. Typical politician behavior. 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers #MAGA #TRUMP 
Keeping the Chinese Communist Party out of our research laboratories is a crucial act of self defense. It’s unforgivable for U.S. citizens to aid foreign adversaries in stealing American intellectual property. 
@KyleKulinski @greg06897 Link for the article 
I want it 🤣😂🤣 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses.” And If You Don’t Know Now You Know. #JohnBoltonMustTestify 
markets: The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share. 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
John Bolton Asked To Leave Condo Board Meeting After Repeatedly Advocating Bombing Isaacsons 
Dementia runs deep. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Banks Face Eased Volcker Restrictions on Venture-Capital Funds: 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
As my friend Matt Arnold says *snork*. When I ran for office I often said I was Pro Choice including retroactively. Just as long as I was the one to choose. N.B. That was a Joke. New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
“Let me repeat: Nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, would rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense....” #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica 
We should encourage them to try this. 
SMH. Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
Remind you of anyone? @SenToomey 
Nike Site Sells Out of Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death - 
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 as of Friday were seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest forecast since 3Q 2017 via 
Market Decline Threatens Predictions for Calm Earnings Season - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news 
I played in high school and college... I'm a fan, but have a complicated relationship with the game (head injuries and all) but this article does a great job of summarizing what I got from my time playing and why I think we shouldn't give up on the game. 
Shelton is a good writer but it is hard to find new ways to say the same thing over and over for decades on end. End up with stuff like this: "A gold standard beats a gab standard." 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
Sunday Funnies 🤭🤭🤭 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
#Putin prevented #Trump from implementing #RegimeChange in #Venezuela 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via #chinazi 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
"an institution is weak not so much when the general public loses trust in it ... as when its members cease to take it seriously." Book Review: Barton Swaim on “A Time to Build” by Yuval Levin. 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
Harvard scientist Charles Lieber has been arrested, after he allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the horrific wildlife trade in recent years and public calls for a permanent ban on the cruel wild animal meat trade via 
The following is an interesting perspective that gives some insight into the real climate debate going on beyond the noise from deniers and alarmists. #marenvs20 
I'm a little late on this one but it's hilarious ... 
“Markets drop on Coronavirus fears” suffer from the same narrative fallacy as the “China trade” headlines of 2019. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@Ghousertatt @Arriadna FACT: debt at record high: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 🤣 SATIRE 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ - 
BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist - 😂 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An #AR15 Wearing A #MAGA Hat #Satire 
I'm starting to wonder if they set him up now. 
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what via 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Your silence on this issue is deafening, Bernard. Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"The chopper was descending at more than 2,000 feet a minute" gave me chills. I thought it was a crash &amp; boom. Like they didn't see it coming. They did! The fear they must've felt is unimaginable. 😭 via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
This!!!!!!!! 
This is why I tell the National GOP Committee to pound sand when they ask for contributions. #MAGA #QAnon #GOPsucks #FakeRepublicans via 
A good idea for #Australia ? Anyone? #AustraliaBurning #AustralianBushfire #AustraliaFires 
RIGHT!!! Trump was merely reading a passage from his personal bible edited by Jim Bakker that reads: Thou shall open the gate of heaven for me by giving me access to thy open legs. 
So, tell us, @StormyDaniels, was Trump sharing anything but a tiny dick and a small amount of semen with you? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
“Honey, you not wearing the coat isn’t going to bring that [mink] back to life. He’s been dead 60 years!” 🙏 The Awkward Heirloom:Families with vintage furs are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion &amp; politics via 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed | 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down - 
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Satire Tweet 3 () "Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week" 
U.S #Hospitals Are Ill-Prepared For The #Coronavirus VIA 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial | 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣........(and breathe).......🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣.......(and breathe.........🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣! 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - #wuhanpneumonia #coronavirus #nCoV2019 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
"Nobody cares about the national debt." - all those savvy GOP political people who enterprise in leading from behind. 🤷‍♂️ 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Apparently trump calls his mushroom-shaped micro-penis “The Gospel.” 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit 
"Senate Majority Leader Mitch #McConnell (R-KY) privately told his caucus that he does not have the votes to block witnesses at President #Trump’s #impeachment trial" 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades - smarts from ⁦@felschwartz⁩ &amp; ⁦@mgordonwsj⁩ 
Congratulations to ⁦@DonYoungAK⁩, ⁦@SenDanSullivan⁩, ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩, This is one thing the GOP will be able to brag about for along time. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
You know things are bad when the stuff you're working on gets covered by ... Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
finally! 
: f7409cf3-d3fe-492c-b6a4-92959b45d846 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts request for parliamentary immunity from prosecution on corruption charges 
.@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Headline- tiny fraction of patriots among Putin’s Comarades. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@USMarine_Vet In my initial scan I misread the tweet as "assault sling." I understand the following is out of context here... but you might have a laugh anyway. 
And it's my second avocado A-hed. The first was on diet avocados, aka #Slimcado. 
@economeager related: 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Wuhan virus outbreak linked to wild meat consumption, as it was for SARS in 2003 #CoronaOutbreak 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
U.K. allows Huawei to build parts of 5G network 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial At this point in the tRUmp regime’s assault on truth, is the most accurate, unbiased media outlet available. 
How Trump’s Mideast peace plan developed over the past three years 
Apple reported record revenue the last quarter of 2019. Its wearable, home and accessory business is showing the greatest growth. #wearables #connectedhome 
America's Finest News Source - says so right at the top. Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | #Satire 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
WHOA IF TRUE Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
I'M FUCKING DONE 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Cash, Plastic or Hand? Amazon Envisions Paying With a Wave - #ampliodigital #amazontips #sellercentral #amazonvendor #amazonfba @amazon 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) January 23rd, 2020 
best one of the week 
@GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses #JohnBoltonMustTestify #TrumpImpeachment #UkraineExtortion 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Great satire or the Truth??? 
A fitness trainer has died after going to a Wuhan hospital His family had expected the death certificate to state the coronavirus - Instead, it recorded “pneumonia” and didn't make the corona virus death stats! 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. 
Maybe @SenateGOP noticed that those polls are rising. Now 75% of the public wants witnesses. Maybe @senatemajldr should have run this properly instead of doing his damnedest to make it look like a cover-up. 
The 20th-century cancer crisis in the US was highly gendered. It was due to a surge in male mortality above all due to lung cancer. @Brabbott42 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
@dumb_ditto_face @TubeTimeUS Ever since they built this giant tank... 
@realDonaldTrump Only Conservatives understand Capitalism and the economy. The Left is ALWAYS wrong! 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed. ♥️🐝 #ChooseLife 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Which reminds me of this gem: 
Thank you @CNN &amp; @donlemon. We've always trusted you were closet supporters of @greggutfeld &amp; @realDonaldTrump! 
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
This reminded me of a running joke around the world about how Lieber's lab solely consists of Chinese students and post-docs :D Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Sneering hashtags, @nbcsnl skits and accusations of a cover-up only underscore what’s really bothering @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler: Somehow @senatemajldr always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via #MidnightMitch 
@bigmanlydia I think about this piece every time I read a Pynchon title on public transport, which happens a lot: 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Congress Approves $3 Billion In Military Aid For Netanyahu To Defend Self Against Israeli Justice System 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Sprint Continues to Lose Customers as It Waits for T-Mobile Verdict 
@CBHessick And even reported that the second point the defense is making was false too. 
Here’s a swing tip China (where most of this s*** origins), stop eating bats, rats, mice, snakes and possum. Ughhh. Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Tips To Improve Your Skiing 
#Health: #Unhealthy: 98.6 #Degrees #Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore Human body has changed over time, new study shows 
@CNN THE RISE IN LABOR TAX- 
@nytimes This is a manmade disaster. We are not going to forget how #China was trying to cover this up in December. They arrested 8 people for spreading "rumour" about the virus. Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing was responsible for an initial lack of transparency: 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
The sacrifice some people are willing to make! - Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers | 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Joe Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Is Trying To Win Election. #JoeRogan 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney #comedy #reality 
@LissaMarie630 reporting on the app like it's a thing 
'They don’t even try to disguise their stupidity &amp; bias🤡 @PAMsLOvE @marjonnat @marchaig @Ron92211 ‘Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. Corrupt Tories in receipt of backhanders have compromised UK National Security and we will suffer as a result. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
😂😂😂😂 - oh, dear... 
What to Know About the New Chinese #Coronavirus from the assiduous .@betswrites via 
LOL. Maya MacGuineas going to be on Sunday TV to give Paul Ryan another fiscal responsibility award? 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Here is the Wall Street Journal article on the work in Laredo/NL by pastor Lorenzo (one of the best men I’ve met in years). 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
Major changes are coming to New York City’s private trash-hauling scene, and Louis “Gino” Fava, who runs his own trash-collection business, needs to be ready 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
exchanges ought to stop screwing investors by selling quicker access to the highest bidder- The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. @NewYork_SEC #flashcrash @CouncilInstInv 
All fair lines of inquiry...if you need his favorite author, there’s a 91.6% chance it’s Noam Chomsky. Otherwise, Judy Blume. 
“Where will we go?” she says. “You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments | 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
Mattie has shared content with you from MSN 
The Tax Increases to Come - - They’re talking DEMS Here 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
More on Tesla by @GunjanJS : options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report tomorrow. 
Welcome news. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Cleveland Clinic and Geisinger are among hospital chains using machine learning to predict who is likely to develop sepsis 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Mopping the coffee aka covfefe off my monitor! Hey, Jim...I've got a bridge to nowhere to sell you! 
Pretty much says it all . . . 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #AmateurThespian F-Rated #SchumerSchiffShamShow 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Archaeologists Discover AR-15 Cain Used To Kill Abel 
"Jeter's 2,722nd career hit not only puts him in the company of Yankee legends, but also ranks him with an elite group of 675,000 additional baseball players past and present with fewer hits than Baines" 
“These horrible rules created by Barack Obama are one of the worst examples of government overreach in our nation’s history, and they are totally unfair to the deadly lethan known as Gangthor," 
American Airlines To Phase Out Complimentary Cabin Pressurization 
@RawStory Well which is it? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN From Capt.Marlow's logbook 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Me, today, with a bowl of M &amp; M's 
The U.N. and #HumanTrafficking - The Wall Street Journal 
"Fed’s new tune on policy is giving investors something akin to perfect knowledge of what rates will be in the future, allowing them to take on more risk." #PerfectKnowledge 🤦‍♂️ 
This article tells you all you need to know about televangelist. KEEP YOUR KIDS AWAY FROM THEM 
Man Regrets Wasting Money On College After Failing To Secure Perfect Dream Life By 24 
(sub req) The Bumps Ahead for Autonomous Vehicles via Graphics 
Stock Mkt sometimes feels like an anxious, annoying 4-yr old always asking the #Fed what's next. Jay. and Co. should ignore the thing and focus on its older, more mature brother - the #real #economy. 
After 5 years of declining app rates into US MBA programs, Johns Hopkins is reshaping its curriculum, focusing on health, quant and coding. As data science &amp; analytics become increasingly important to employers, we may see other MBA programs follow suit.. 
I thought Babylon Bee was supposed to be satire. This one is true. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
Formerly incarcerated men and women make up about 80% of the workforce at Nehemiah Manufacturing. There’s a lawyer on call, and a social services expert, to provide support for employees who face obstacles beyond the workplace. More at : 
Keep it this way.•Trial needs witnesses and documents pertinent to the #ImpeachmentTrial @SenatorCollins @MittRomney @lisamurkowski @CoryGardner @SenThomTillis @SenMcSallyA @AmyMcGrathKY @Reuters @nytimes @phoenixnewtimes @NBCNews @USATODAY @nytimes 
@BaileyWonders @mhanham headline without a link. 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
High debt, weak fiscal positions and inability to adjust or adapt to exogenous shocks all expose African economies. We recognize this. It's really good to see a focus on other sovereign bonds as drivers and less focus on the China narrative 
“Bei­jing has con­tin­ued to al­low a wild animal trade de­spite warnings that it caused a deadly coro­navirus out­break al­most two decades ago and could trig­ger an­other global epi­demic...” Article à lire du 
HAHAHAHA!! Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
But investors will be watching for two things as they evaluate where shares go in the future: Sustained services growth and Coronavirus in China 
So what will happen with @SparkNZ and @Huawei now in #Aotearoa for the #5G network 
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California #BlackmarketVapes #Cannabis #LegalCannabis #Marijuana #MedicalMarijuana #California via 
Truth. 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
I'm loathe to use the neo-hack "real or yet there comes occasionally a thing that practically REQUIRES said cliché. 😁 Mike Pence: We Could Do Worse @1stClown @Calm_Observer @TheOlifant A truck-mounted huge-screen being driven around Capitol Hill today 
Living Wall Street dopes. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus - #GoogleAlerts 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | Fuck you Jim bakker your a thief you stole from your rapped Jessica Hahn,you chase naked men around the locker room.Than prison,you low life freak 
Ironically, it's been determined that the hat increases the rate of fire, and it's now banned by the ATF. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Oh, and RUSSIA! Russia will attack us! OMG. These democrats look like lunatics to the American People. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Antiviral Therapies to China 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' - The Wall Street Journal #germany #german 
The Bee is on a roll. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ via 
I'm dead. 
Clown World conditions mean that even Babylon Bee might be making an accurate prediction🤡🌎 
"If this keeps up, we're really gonna have to burn the midnight oil and put in 25 or even 30 hours," whined Rep. Adam Schiff. "That leaves me hardly any time for taking bribes from lobbyists!" 
The Fed's task of reducing their interference and potentially creating a new facility draws many questions about how this will affect the future of financial markets. #Fed #Repo #Tech #GLMX #Markets @NickTimiraos 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
What Wrong With This Perpetual Communist Dictator. 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 XI Jinping Announced Plan To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within The Next Week. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Holy Shit, @JimBakkerShow Jim Bakker you remain a lying ’sack of shit’, a good Evangelical thieving, lying Preacher Man and a #ShitStain on Religion. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses, ⁦⁩ 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. @GOP @realDonaldTrump alienating allies with ongoing threats and extortion tactics? . #uspoli #cdnpoli 
Bernie is saying: "If you go that way 'round the Constitution, you'll hopefully be back before they know they're hog-tied" 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
markets: The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
why tech companies tend to cluster in the same expensive neighborhoods 
@realDonaldTrump TRUMP'S ACTIONS OVER THE PAST FEW YEARS SET BACK PEACE PROCESS IN THE MIDDLE EAST BY DECADES! Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
Please read this 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 来自 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Investors are waiting for more information before evaluating the potential economic damage from the coronavirus’s spread 
“Republicans had hoped to wrap up the trial with an acquittal of the president by this week, but Mr. Bolton’s account has thrown that time frame into doubt.” #ImpeachmentHearings 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally Clearly Democrats are terribly disappointed the rally was peaceful and respectful! 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @jjauthor 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary #TornadoTrump 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax #marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
Lovely read, this. What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
LOL. It really is a cult. 
@VeraGorman @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
The false claim: that a president impeached by the House but not convicted by the Senate is eligible to run for office two more times. More from our story: 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity 
#BREAKING from --&gt; McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
#Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean #CleanWaterAct 
Mitch McConnell Sends Pelosi Shirt Reading 'I Impeached The President And All I Got Was This Lousy T-Shirt' And a Republican majority in the house in 2021... 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
#Freiheit #Recht #Demokratie #sozialeMarktwirtschaft #DemokratischerSozialismus #LernenausderGeschichte Paul stepped on the rake, and sure enough, the handle came flying up and conked him on the face. "Ah, another attempt that wa… 
Trepp’s Manus Clancy shares retail insights with the . Track lending activity using best of class TreppLoan and see what’s happening in your market. #Trepp # #CRE 
Smelly Gulag-Lover Bernie Sanders Spends Relaxing Afternoon At Target Ranting At Wide Selection Of Deodorants 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Ocasio-Cortez Severely Burned After Accidentally Touching Book On Basic Economics | 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Incestuous #Vindman 
I'm a Harry. 
[post] ETFs were a true financial innovation. You can now add target-date funds to that list. image: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
🤣🤣🤣 I love you, @HillaryClinton 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
"All those rich-types in high-tax states have been pushing the federal government to raise taxes on rich-types. So it did, by reducing the SALT deduction. OK, so they got their wish... a chance to pay more taxes. And they're complaining about it?" 🙈 
@Jim_bakker proves again how in league he is with Satan! ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
“The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. “ 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed | 
New: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bolton Concerns About Giuliani in Ukraine, National security adviser John Bolton warned U.S. diplomats in June that Rudy Giuliani, President Trump’s personal attorney, could pose an obstacle to improving the White House’s relations with Ukraine, 10/2019 
@hugospiers Thankfully the paparazzi have died down... 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
So nice of Mitch to volunteer this to 3 major news sources. Oh, and he lies - a lot. 
Last year, real-estate startups raised $31.56 billion in funding, a more-than threefold increase from 2018. However, they are now retreating from a growth-at-all costs model, as growth can be expensive and inefficient, via @KonradPutzier #HPS_NY 
‘He Is a Dictator’ 
The bit about "what a Trump second term would be like without a GOP House or Senate" sounds fine, good even. via 
🚨AWESOME NEWS: Mitch McConnell tells @SenateGOP that the @GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses. Time to #subpoena John Bolton.😎 #AmericansWantWitnesses #Ukrainegate #BoltonMustTestify 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
markets: Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. Shares rose 2.3% afterhours. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
: Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Scientists Find Human Vocal Cords Developed Over Millennia To Lower Voice When Speculating On Acquaintance’s Sexual Orientation 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | #SmartNews 
Chifa, a new restaurant in Los Angeles by Opening Ceremony’s Humberto Leon, will be open in time for Chinese New Year. Leon is serving as creative marketing director, while the kitchen will be helmed by his mother, Wendy Leon, and brother-in-law John Liu. 
: 1c766b48-4f2b-4e70-812a-b8222a7be666 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
I always knew White Folks couldn't dance... now I find out They can't Clap! 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 🤣 
Apple will commit $2.5 billion toward affordable housing in California, amid concerns Silicon Valley’s successes have pushed people out of the area via 
#CoronaVirus #China *Time To Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed* 'China closed all markets that sell wildlife throughout the country. Beijing should make the ban permanent' - 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
We talked to actress Rose Byrne about some of her favorite things: "In the back, my parents’ wedding photo breaks my heart. My mom was 23 and my dad was 25. I love their goofiness." 
Liberals Say #Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election #BernieSanders2020 
"When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Dems did not agree with Dems also said they even have hard evidence that the 2016 election was compromised by Republicans voting for Trump."🤣 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | All the money those poor suckers send guys like this gives them incentive to just keep lying and grifting. 
“It’s hu­mor­ous to me that Google thinks it can “ex­pand the fron­tiers of med­i­cine” and “make peo­ple healthy” by min­ing our elec­tronic med­ical records.” 
"The number of union members fell by 170,000 in 2019—a year when U.S. employers added more than 2.1 million jobs—reducing the share of the workforce in labor unions to 10.3%, the lowest portion on record since 1983” 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Trump will remembered for making his life impossible by cutting aid to a variety of arts programs. 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #hypocrites #hypocrites #hypocrites 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@Wise_Owl_Trader @gamesblazer06 Respectfully, while many try to make this political @federalreserve acts either with a backbone or without. Fed’s focus is Credit, NOT equity. Contrary to popular belief. Equity is a mere benefactor of the Fed saving a credit mkt unable to b stress tested. 
@FriendlyJMC is a satire site. 
Not mentioned is the fact that with pass interference rules any pass attempt can lead to big gains. Add that Mahomes can run when receivers are covered and the field open and there you have it. via 
The annual Davos summit covers global economic trends. 2020 “Davos turned into a climate-change conference this year,” said @JasonBordoff, but “the massive gap between ambition and concrete action to change the emissions trajectory remains glaring." 
Can't trust them. Have to keep the pressure on the GOP. #WitnessesAndDocuments GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
More Job Growth at Small Companies via 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month, but the increase was driven mostly by a sharp rise in demand for defense equipment 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@ReaperKat @kathy_markovich @SueGlashauser It's a parody site: 
Want To Live To 100? Why? # #art 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
“After I watched the president slowly and methodically squeeze the life out of my wife’s body as she gasped, futilely, for breath, he gave me his personal assurance that he was not responsible for her death, so I continue to stand by this administration” 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Atheist Rushed To Hospital After Cutting Self On Edgy Facebook Comment 
President's Defense Concludes Its Arguments 
This actually sounds like something Northam would say. That's why it's funny. And sad. 
So that’s why Jim had that smile on his face the day he was released from prison! 😳 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
“Charlie Lieber is an extraordinary scientist whose work has transformed nanoscience &amp; nanotechnology", Harvard's president declared in 2017 when naming him University Professor. Chair of Harvard chemistry department also failed to declare Chinese funding. 
Well, well...Airbus has been granted a ***Deferred Prosecution Agreement*** to be approved by courts in three jurisdictions (US, UK, France)... via #cdnpoli 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
Don't you think, @kenthomas you could have done better with this report by pointing out the facts surround Joe Biden's involvement. Reporters like you are the problem. We need Reporters not parrots. Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
Schiff sporting his big red clown nose riding an elephant &amp; juggling 14 flaming bowling pins: “These are serious proceedings &amp; we will not have them mocked. The American public needs to know how super serious we are about this." #SchiffShow #ShamTrial 
Ah, that explains it!! 
A little bit of humor... 
Good Morning Woodticks an Patriots!™ Well ... shame on us. Somebody voted for this one ... and now ... ? He's crawled out from his election camouflage But but butt ...yet again - we the people elected this (insert your term) as always just a... 
Here is a fascinating graphic Bay area towns cities have lots of new jobs (and approve lots of new office space) Housing is growing far slower 
@ChrisMurphyCT @nytimes Look at how the Dems pay ( will make You pay) for all their Free Stuff 
‘He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world . . . in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does.’ via 
Thanks CNN. 
#MoscowMitch doesn’t have enough @SenateGOP votes to block witnesses. 
In Attempt To Improve User Experience, Twitter Limits Posts To 0 Characters 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
How about both? 
With only a handful of confirmed cases of the 2019 novel #coronavirus, biomedical innovators have quickly stepped up to begin developing vaccines against the virus. 
NATO Aims to Add Personnel to Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting ISIS - 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall | 
And if you believe this stand on your heads' Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@s8n I want to go to The 666 it sounds like a blast! 
“We want Air India as a brand to continue to fly but we need to privatize it,” Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri said. The deadline for bids is March 17. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via #retail #ecommerce #iot #logistics #lastmile #digitaldisruption 
lol! Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Very interesting 👍👍👍 ⁦@RomanWenzl⁩ ⁦@MarkusGuerne⁩ ⁦@walt_schoenthal⁩ 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines - The Wall Street Journal 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
This ~~&gt; McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - HEY PEOPLE CALL YOUR SENATORS NOW ~~&gt; 844-311-5030 #thebeat 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism - #لبنان_ينتفض 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
And this is the winner of Internet for 2020!!!! Winner! Absolute winner!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
“What 5G does is make the remote worker feel less like a second-class citizen in a meeting,” Krish Ramakrishnan, co-founder of @BlueJeansNet via #5G #remotework 
» Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | 
BREAKING 🙃 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via I’ll believe it when I see it!! 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, people familiar with the matter said 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
'here you go, dear. Equality is awesome, isn't it?' Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others have emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
This is some bullshit. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a "perfect storm" of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
THREAD/4: Sources having found the vital macro-economic benefits of the #FoodStamps/#SNAP program, run by the #USDA, are so varied they are too numerous to fully mention here. But I'll list a few, starting off with a #WallStreetJournal article from 2009: 
“This weekend, when twelve inches of snow fell, I swallowed my pride and handed my wife the snow shovel.” 
Bc: Bc: Hesitating for a month should have been a clue Bc: Both Schiff and Nadler lied about what was in their briefs! #Impotenchment 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
What kind of BS is this? He was sharing something but it was NOT the gospel Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Seriously who voted this dipstick into office? Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #uspolitics #maga #Impeached #ImpeachmentTrial #religion #auspol 
The more #FakeNews the merrier! 🎅 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Rate Alert! - Yields hit their lowest since early October on coronavirus fears and stock market sell off. Mortgage rates are approaching fresh lows. Check with me for your custom rate quote. (NMLS #238745). 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
CNN and Ignorance 
What to Know About the New Chinese #Coronavirus 
So true it hurts 
Some Americans said remaining in Wuhan seemed safer than getting on a plane full of people who could be carrying the virus—and who are expecting a quarantine once they land. “My dad is adamant about staying where he is." @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai 
1/ "Florida Republican Sen. Rick Scott is airing an ad in Iowa seeking to tarnish former Vice President Joe Biden ahead of Monday's Democratic caucuses in the state. 
WTF is this supposed to mean? It's crystal clear that Democrats are Communists and want to take your voices away.... Turn this country RED!!! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women Cathedral envy. Now? 
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens via 
⁦@SenWarren⁩ ⁦@BernieSanders ⁦@KamalaHarris⁩ time to call the witnesses. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields 
Casino operator Penn National plans to take 36% stake in Barstool Sports; incl. ex­cl. rights to use Barstool brand in its sports-bet­ting prod­ucts. PN would pay $135M in cash/$28M in stock. Deal val­ues Barstool at $450M. (⁦⁩) #SportsBiz 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
beautiful 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Wall Street Journal: Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions. 
The Bee Is On Fire This Week....🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 
Does this mean there's actually hope? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
...well goddamn...I wish someone would share the gospel with me. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
How China Is Building Two Hospitals in a Few Days via #Construction #Hospitals #Contagion #Quarantine #Coronaviruses #ZoonoticDiseases #InfectionPrevention #InfectionControl #Biosecurity #Vaccines #PandemicPreparedness #Hygiene #GlobalHealthSecurity 
Supreme Court allows Trump rules denying immigrants residency over public assistance 
The Koch Brothers Are Sitting on a Real Estate Empire Worth Hundreds of Millions. #CRE #Investment #RealEstate 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Im laughing. If an immigration officer thinks someone will use Medicaid or food stamps or other services like those,, they can bar them from coming to the US. If they THINK. Because they don’t have a right to these services? Too much power in wrong hands 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received" 
Alderaan was an Inside Job 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row..#MSM..#BernieSanders..# 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now #MAGA #TRUMP 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Join Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Opinion: The Democrat's Impeachment Case Could Set Dangerous Precedents #video #news #klout 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
This counts as Object-Oriented Ontology. 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. @juliejargon 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Liz Moore, the author of "Heft" returns with "Long Bright River," a thriller about two sisters on opposite sides of Philadelphia’s drug epidemic. 
"Loans backed by retail properties accounted for only 13% of all private-label #CMBS issued in 2019, according to #Trepp. That is down from 18.6% in 2018 and 31.5% in 2013. Lenders have good reason to be cautious." Read more via @PeterGrantwsj : 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
@mterr337 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Objections 2019. Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@RBlakeBrown Here’s another timely article for you to use: 
From Discover on Google 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set ( paywall) $AAPL 
Zuckerberg Admits He Used Password '12345' To Protect Sensitive User Data 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
lol I'm glad I'm not the only one who sees it this way. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The CEO of a U.K.-based energy firm thought he was speaking on the phone with his boss, the chief executive of the firm’s German parent company, who asked him to send the funds to a Hungarian supplier. #cybersecurity #databreach #ransomware 
That young gal sure gives Veruca Salt a run for her money! 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
- like the bum in the White House boasting about SEXUAL ASSAULT!!! @sunny @TheView @NicolleDWallace @JoyVBehar @MeghanMcCain 
These are pure Communists. Comrade Warren is proving that the State shall investigate Political Opponents UNTIL they ‘find’ a ‘crime.’ It is a form of Tyranny. #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #KAG2020 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. @DrTomMartinPhD @docrocktex26 @Trumpnado2016 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health...Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding...WTH..ENOUGH IS ENOUGH 
Catch up with Digant Shah at CMO Network Editor's Dinner and discuss how you can create an immersive #CustomerExperience for the #DigitalCustomer! #UnlockTheNxt in #CX - 
A global tragedy! Think Epstein, UK Muslim child grooming. Think humanity Childrens Charities! 😡🤬 First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
: f8c89827-6f27-47af-9695-e63a4425fb7c 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
High-frequency traders earn nearly $5 billion on global stock markets a year by taking advantage of slightly out-of-date prices, imposing a small but significant tax on investors. 
🤷‍♀️ It all makes sense! #kale #nottodaysatan 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding - HARVARD’S CHEMISTRY CHAIR... 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Lmfao 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via 
@lscottman2 @ahwhitecm @realDonaldTrump Meanwhile, back in Washington... 
“There are a lot of older women in this industry who have been little-sister nice to me. I love them. I can call them for anything,” Selena Gomez says. 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I'm fairly sure that Apple hasn't said anything about them "transitioning to services" 
Since we ran this story last week, I've heard from a handful of other pastors who also said they were fired after their churches found out they had mental health conditions. One was let go just last month. This issue is common. 
“We were barely able to save her in time from her being so stupid,” said a police officer at the scene, “but maybe we shouldn’t have saved her because she’s a socialist trying to ruin the country. And she is dumb.” 😂🤣😇😂🤣😇😂 👇 
So amazed that the Texas Medical Center Orchestra has become so big! I was a violinist in it as a 3rd &amp; 4th year med student when it first started. Best memory was having former First Lady Barbara Bush narrate as we performed “Carnival of the Animals.” 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@jbouie At first glance, I thought you were tasting these: 
Fairway’s lawyer said a proposed buyer has the option to shrink its bid to three Manhattan stores from five. Story by @SomaBis 
@realDonaldTrump No wonder you stand with Israel. Criminals have to stick together 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
They need to stawp. This honestly dosent even look like the real veggies 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Sometimes I think the has snatched stories directly from my brain. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
As #BigTobacco aggressively markets to recruit replacement smokers, we're thrilled to see schools stand up to #keeplungsloud. #mnleg, it's time to pass a comprehensive #Tobacco21 policy to protect our youth! 🚭⚖️ 
@a_riggs6 @shrekthepunk @Kat80650657 @jdd2169 @PATRIQT_1776 @Michael16862235 @808constituent @BigFurryNemo @SONADORLIVESON @ethanrafael7 @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @Thumper5465 @QuareFellas @lou_bruette @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @aorgat @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 Shhh 🤫 CheckMate Lol 😂 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words,’ 📷@HarperCollins 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - @vfiorg 
Trump's Approval Rating Among Terrorists Hits All-Time Low 
“What if we just, like, seized the means of production and executed all the leaders?” Ocasio-Cortez asked, looking up from a comic book about herself she was reading. “That would be so fetch.” 🤣🤣🤣 @aoc 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
They still gotta worry about their head on a pike😡 
via McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
Dog A Pervert In Ways Owner Will Never Know 
Stocks and oil prices fell as the widening virus outbreak threatened to disrupt travel. However, Euro Stocks went up higher; where as China stocks are not revealed due to CNY holidays. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
: 5f9cb141-dbff-457d-998f-a25ce6e3509e 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
In Major Deal, ⁦⁩ Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN #FakeNews #MAGA 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
#Malkan Letters: All Is Not Well Today for Low-Wage Workers via 
@RascalPinkish @k_artig @shaunking @JoeBiden @BernieSanders Nah, he doesn't have to drop out for us to win 😉 Enjoy your guys' second primary loss though 😉😉 
A very perceptive observation. Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Internet Cat Has Girth That One Might Say Is Unusual Among His Species 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Babylon Bee goes full meta and satirizes itself. 
GOP #ImpeachmentNOW defense lawyer @JaySekulow says that impeachment "is not a game of leaks and unsourced manuscript. That is politics...." Sekulow might want to consult with his colleague #KenStarr about his practices. 
ANYONE THAT BUYS THIS BULLSH#T IS GOTTA BE AS STUPID AS TRUMP🤣🤣🤣! 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested on charges of lying about receiving millions of dollars in Chinese funding. 
@realDonaldTrump Our”children 2 inherit the blessings”?How...when”the national debt&amp;sustained fed budget deficits will hit highest levels since WWarII over the next decade..following multiple rounds of tax cuts&amp;continued increases in fed spending.” 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
I just can’t. . . 
I’m sure folks realize this is gopig smear madlibs though. Been here. 
#Sprint keeps losing customers as deal remains on hold. The wireless carrier #lost 115,000 #postpaid phone connections in the final three months of 2019. 
We really do live in the stupidest of times. (Courtesy: 's @lindsaywise) 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@mkraju NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses McConnell told Republicans the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be...He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count via 
This article strongly captures my feelings towards #KobeByrant. He's my generation's MJ. "They marveled at him on television[,] pretended to be him in their driveways[,] wanted to be him when they were kids and be around him when they grew up." #RIPMamba 
With Federal Reserve officials likely to hold interest rates steady in coming months, the focus of their meeting this week shifts to fine-tuning their control of short-term rates. 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job @Talentpath 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] HIGHLY APPROPRIATE... Makes more sense than the NYTTP (New York Times Toilet Paper) recommendation of #Klobuchar (who?) and #Warren (aka Pocahontas). 
"Life is not a straight line". Love this quote. 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
.@HillaryClinton accidentally posts condolences for @TulsiGabbard one day early... 
Forgive my bluntness here. But sticking your dick in a pornstar is in no way sharing the Gospel. Sorry, that’s not how that works. 
Master criminal, Trump and his friend Benjamin Netanyahu, also a master criminal, have a piece plan. The plan, TAKE LAND. Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses DAMN YOU ROMNEY, GET OUT OF THEREPUBLICAN PARTY IF YOU CAN'T HELP THEM!!! 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The Week In Pictures – Week Of January 27, 2020 
3M to lay off 1,500 as it copes with struggling industrial economy. via 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
🤣In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace #Trumpscammingmedia with bogus Middle East plan Don’t be deceived! 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues Very art and anthropocene from 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
@SenWhitehouse Yeah no kidding!!! The harrowing, heartbreaking story. Satire that's killer because it's true!! 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
Canada begins the USMCA ratification process now that the trade deal has been approved by the U.S. and Mexico. via 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
“No more 10-12 hour hearings. With these monkeys, all the fecal projectiles will have been flung in under 30 minutes. One and done.” 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Democrats also said they even have hard evidence that the 2016 election was compromised by Republicans voting for Trump. 
Stocks to Watch: Caesars, Bristol-Myers, Carnival, and More 
Taylor Swift’s ‘Lover’ Wins Grammy For Best Children’s Album 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
#NewJersey Economic Development Authority, unlike other EDAs, is incentivized to grant more business tax credits. Thus, the lack of diligence and wonton doling of unjustified tax credits 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Stay informed. 
The Chart-Topping Rock Band You’ve Never Heard Of Breaking Benjamin has gained a huge following between the coasts but is largely invisible to everyone but its fans 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
This plan gives the Palestinians an opportunity to achieve independent state by their own No Palestinians or Israelis will be unrooted from their homes Oman, Bahrein and the United Arab Emirates support the #MiddleEastPeacePlan 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
On today's podcast I said how a linguist told me that kids with a Chinese L1 have an easier time with math as a result. Chat went nuclear, &amp; I got very confused about whether it was real or not, but a quick Google shows dozens of articles like this 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😆😉 
lol, this is the perfect take on the hypocritical Centrist freak out over Rogan's 'endorsement' of Bernie Sanders: Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Ha! Love this! 
That's gotta hurt: Massive Plank Appears In #AdamSchiff's Eye As He Accuses #Trump Of Being A Liar. #Impeachment Hoax 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
A U.S. military aircraft w/ at least two American service members on board crashed into #Taliban-controlled Afghan territory, defense officials said, posing a complicated search and recovery effort #AfghanistanPlaneCrash #US #Diplomacy140 #Afghanistan 
One in 10 central banks are now considering launching digital currency within 3 years. Last year, that number was one in twenty banks. Based on an exponentially doubling curve we’ll be at 1 in 1.25 central banks in three years. Yo… 
Chick-Fil-A Replaces Cow Mascot With Golden Calf. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@laurenmoxley @ginsburgtapes For another perspective, see: 
We were talking about this concept in class yesterday #BAN364 #RAE400. More from the brand perspective here: #campaigns #advertising #socialmedia 
@LeslieDRush @emptynestman @stephanjhahn But the desire for one authority is what’s caused all the bloodshed: 
Hilarious Parody from the Babylonian Bee. Christian news satire. Funny stuff: Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeach 45 Dancers (Look at their hands doing a 4 and a 5 ☺) 
“I read a couple of Anita Brookner’s novels this fall. Though 'Hotel du Lac' won her the Booker Prize in 1984, I loved 'Look at Me' just as much for its look at how glamour and other people’s lives fascinate us,” writes @laneflorsheim. 
“Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end.” 
@JSchanzer I guess by the Israeli position they mean the right to exist as a nation? I suppose that's a good goal to favor.. 
I’m digging this meta-level turn in the Bee’s output. 
Hong Kong is cutting back heavily on travel via road, rail and ferry links between the city and mainland China in some of the most extreme curbs on travel it has ever taken. w/ @joyuwang 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@Quin4Trump @Co50072057Grey @side_show007 @Larryputt @ernestleenot @OxmanMartin @tbeaux29 @AWireman407 @ICanPlainlySee @timetoact2 @Lawsen_Webb @TOMRJZSR @robertm19000417 @History27361891 @Duwayn55629746 @SgtBenClark @MarilynLavala @Ukraineamerka @ghostofembed @McginnKeven @BrianWestlake3 @kiwiwang5 @KeecoWang5 @thedude77 @Wahboom @StillFreeSCOTTY @Maur2009 @JDCooop @WhimsicalMeToo @Schanette55 @davidf4444 @CodyMacck @PlanoJoey @HerbertStehberg @RoundUpBegins @Big_crusher1000 @CarlHeck6 @GracieLovesUSA @SuperRela @t2gunner @ATruther2 @JoeKingRogue @MolfeseW @KLHirst1 @fuzwuzrea @joseangemon @JohnD49331806 @WagonKnoggin @goodfellaBrent "Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar" 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
5 Things To Know About Prince Harry And Meghan Markle’s Split From The Royal Family 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians...did the Palestinians have a decision in this like Netanyahu did @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
In the face of overwhelming evidence of repeated wrongdoing, the slavish defence of Trumpf by his disciples, has now risen to a new level of absurdity: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
@realDonaldTrump They've been tweaking the interest rates and buying treasury bonds to keep the market artificially inflated for awhile now, thanks to your (inappropriate) pressure. But they can't do it indefininitely. The market is overvalued. 
@IlhanMN Great.. you want farmers and blue collar workers to pay for people like this guy. $1m student debt, drives a Tesla and takes luxury ski trips. 
Here's something new: Apparently Trump refers to his penis as "The Gospel." 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@cnn are you okay with this? 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial #people #satire 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
NETFLIX CHANGES MARKETING STRATEGIES, LAY OFFS COMING On the heels of the 2018 announcement the Obama's signed with Netflix... 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. via 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
@JusticeDemTx @FleeceGeek @gator_bh @BreitbartNews yes it was and the corrupt FBI, CIA and Obama Administration used it to spy on Trump. Steele was Brit intel, but he got his info from Russia. 
Pretty cool seeing my all time fave band profiled in the . I think the headline is misleading but good read nonetheless. via 
IF regulators truly wanted to reduce latency arbitrage, the solution is simple: Mandate ALL exchanges (Lit, Dark, Futures, Options, etc) to one geographic area / co-lo. That would eliminate the speed advantage. #HFT #Latency #wsj 
Very interesting article I came across! Recommended read for anyone who is interested in political stories #EDPT204 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
Bahaha. Yes: “Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments” 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
@RepAdamSchiff Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@ErinAstrosFan @michele088 Once the initial group of 40 or so were noticed mid December and then Market was Closed by China Government in January 1st, the CDC should have acted. Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade - 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks: 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right *Satire* 
Some GOP senators suggest making the manuscript of Bolton's forthcoming book available in a classified setting ahead of a Senate impeachment vote. 
Scary. We are not ready to handle this. Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
With search success in mind, fashion brands are picking increasingly complex names 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
Chinese Authorities Rush to Build New Hospital to Contain Coronavirus #video #news #klout 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Wow. These sure don't sound like impartial jurors to me... #COSen #AZSen #NCSen 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Slings don’t kill people. People kill people. After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Explore C-suite #2020 trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Ridiculous! How about we try to actually reform immigration policy instead of keeping everyone out? 
Russian Orthodox Church Accused Of Interfering With Doctrine Of Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
All I can think about when Hillary Clinton critiques someone else's likability 
McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop witnesses. MT The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
@joelockhart perhaps u need a history reminder?? And this isnt satire @CNN #CNNisFakeNews 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Way to go Trump! Didn't he tell us that he'd erase the debt in 8 years? Guess he thought he could just go bankrupt (like all the other times). 
@BDaddys Like you said, a simple google search would inform you instead of embarrassing yourself with this half brained rant 
@impeach_mf @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
» Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase | 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Rick Perry to Step Down as Energy Secretary - 
: After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
Let’s ask Stormy @StormyDaniels true? Not true? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@TedLBliss1 @RandPaul @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Gotta love these 'Christians' for Trump 😂😂😂😂😂 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
#Mideast #PeacePlan MEANWHILE in #France 
@realDonaldTrump Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen .... 
Medicare for all to cover healthcare and drug costs: What it is and what it isn't - #MedicareforAll #healthcare #drugcosts 
More like a RussiaThon! Be afraid, be very afraid; Ivan is coming! 
"I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus #BioTech #Coronavirus via 
A slightly smaller U.S. econ­omy may not seem like much of a prob­lem, but ei­ther plan would col­lect less than 10% of the money needed to fund the gov­ern­ment-run health care promised by both can­di­dates ⁦@Freeman⁩ 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@JanineBliss @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Why is always so real 😫 
This is even more important than the actual ruling in the case. These nationwide injunctions need to end now. 
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via 
» New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings #MAGA #TRUMP 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | 
The #coronavirus is exposing #Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
What a shame!!!! For me as a christian. I have shame of all sort of televangelists thinking they are more spiritual then others. Yes it was so wise for @realDonaldTrump To be alone with the porn star to share the gospel 😡 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
I'll believe it when I see it. Counting chickens 🐔 is not allowed when the stakes are this high! . McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Poor Bernie. #nobodylikeshim, as you can see from this secret meeting he held with 15,000 donors. 
: a86a3a17-9b4b-4b66-840a-065c1acf0a98 
@naval @davidiach It's already happening. Elevation has a statistically significant effect on Miami real estate appreciation: and the pop sci version here: 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners #MAGA #TRUMP 
Says an administration official: “We are still in the game.” Updated story on a wild day with the stellar Hill team: 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
How do passionate defenders of what they imagine the Constitution to mean not get the Senate runs the impeachment trial and this is the chance to make up for a supposedly unfair House impeachment? Like they can’t all be that dumb right? Also, reference. 
FFL Partners is putting discount eyewear retailer Eyemart Express on the block 
The NTSB recommended to the FAA that a terrain awareness system should be mandated but the FAA failed to act via 
Calling all, we need to take down this app so that the people's vote cannot be tampered with. The app is unproven, insecure, and can only disrupt the caucus process! #OurVote #FairElections #OurVoice 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
SERIOUSLY???? Watch and see what happens when socialists are elected.... 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
This needs the rolling on the floor laughing emoji. 🤣 
So now Trump's mushroom d*ck is the gospel? LOL 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"Whether it’s Ivanka, Don Jr., or one of the other two, they’ve each been a blessing that I never would have known if they had been aborted" 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade. via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@atrupar Did you read this? Funniest thing I've read in awhile... 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
@realDonaldTrump If we're going to impeach a president for a non-crime and a conversation with a foreign leader for the abettance in a US presidential election I prefer this one... 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' got to read this Killary confirms arkanicide 
⁦. @JimBakkerShow⁩ - you are such a delusional twit. What say you, ⁦@thegoodgodabove⁩ 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally. 
If there’s one thing gets criticized for, it’s that we never make fun of AOC. So we decided to use our most finely-honed satire skills on her and produced what is perhaps our magnum opus. I’m really proud of this one. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Now we know about another short seller 
America's coolest city is all grown up. Here's a guide to Austin's more polished side, including the best places to find a quail corn dog and a custom-made Stetson. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
The coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, which has all but sealed off China’s Hubei province, could have an outsize impact on the global auto industry, which has established a large footprint in the central China region. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | . Being a Socialist, she should invest a little more time learning about its origin ant it’s historical figures. 
Despite concerns over a global #housing slowdown, the NAM housing market continues to show signs of strength. Chris Fisher outlines four key considerations when planning for US #building demand In response to the article 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
UK's decision to allow Huawei to build noncritical elements of its 5G network is a reminder of the administration's isolation on this &amp; other issues. The move is a setback for Washington &amp; could impact upcoming decisions in Germany &amp; India. via 
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like via 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility....so the only one who has credibility is the mentality deranged Trump @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Does this mean some GOP members finally grew a pair? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Schumers’s stance to have R’s vote on witnesses is nakedly political and has nothing to do with finding truth. 
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
This goes against AAPL's Code of Ethics for the practice of forensic psychiatry. 
I absolutely love the 
In partnership with Custom, our CEO- Praveen Kankariya writes on why having a single source of truth is no longer just a utopian dream. Read the article to find out why it is time to stop flying blind without one enterprise-one view- #data #wsj 
😆😆😂🤣🤣 yes we will!!👊👊 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸TRUMP 2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Elizabeth Warren Announces Her Presidency Will Include Free Year Of Disney+, ESPN, And Hulu 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal via 
Well, suddenly the Rogan endorsement makes more sense! 
@Knuckles6089 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
“You’re still too low level for flight following at this time.” The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
3-Year-Old Terror Miraculously Transforms Into Angelic Cherub As Soon As She Falls Asleep #MAGA #TRUMP 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Chuck Schumer Condemns Mitch McConnell For Being Way Better At This Than Him 
something like this would make a really, really good short story: 
Total truth here. Family In Minivan Breaks World Land Speed Record In Attempt To Get To Church On Time 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' #TornadoTrump 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
For the love of God say it ain't so ! 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker you have got to be freaking kidding me, what kind of a moron believes this crap? 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Trump Administration to Soon Issue Guidance on #Medicaid Block Grants. #aging #ageinplace #medicaid #longtermcare #caregiving #caregivers #eldercare #seniorcare #specialneeds #disability #disabilityrights 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
It's a good day. Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - The Wall Street Journal. Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - LIBERAL DEMOCRAT AMERICA HATERS AT UNIVERSITIES &amp; COLLEGES TAX PAYERS SUBSIDIZE AMERICA’S BOOGEYMEN NOT RUSSIA! 
@Veritas_2016 @Roadeyez @Theodora500AD @wispylashes @bearguy51p @OldBabyDave Yes, you are voting for sanders. He’s leading the polls in the first 3 states. Historically, that’s a lock for the party nominee And yes, he will be raising taxes. To 50 or even 70%. 
This headline smells of regulatory capture. Tech Giants to Governments: Please Regulate Us 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
"If the senator wants to win the backing of the national party, he will certainly have to answer for hobnobbing with this room full of people at the absolute lowest levels of power.” This is the DNC's problem, but it's great for us! #Bernie2020 
: Let's here from John Bolton, via #mtpol 
Curb appeal matters, it can boost sales price by 7%! ⁦⁩ ⁦⁦@nardotrealtor⁩ #curbappeal #sellingyourhome 
Military grade weapons in civilian hands: 
Journalists and elected officials often mistake Daraprim for a #generic drug leading to incorrect reporting + bad policy. This should put the confusion to rest. "Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says" 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book To Killing Iranians 
Just four years ago, CIOs were the youngest executives in the front office. A new study reveals their average age is nudging higher. 
@Text88022 @shayken13 @SpeakerPelosi How have Jared &amp; Ivanka benefitted from Trump’s presidency? What about Trump’s businesses? Trump chose not to divest or release his tax returns so how can we be certain he isn’t profiting off his presidency. There are potentially 500+ conflicts of interest 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Lose-lose for PM Li, the man who could’ve been the best man to head China. He gets blame if he fails and may even die if he gets infected by the #coronavirus. If he succeeds and be a hero, Xi will arrest him for corruption. Standard playbook of coward Xi 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
A Dose of Reality for Turtleman and Cheeto Mussolini. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
'1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets, But Overall Liquidity Declines via 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content #LMAO 
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting via Meanwhile Elizabeth Warren wants to scrap #ElectoralCollege which would end up ignoring fly over states! 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
🎵You need Congress's approval, and you don't have the votes!🎵 GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
The awkward heirloom. 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial via 
“Frantic impeachment managers thought about pushing things back a day so as not to be eclipsed by Taco Tuesday, but then impeachment would just be eclipsed by Wing Wednesday.” 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
"When you declare something illegal, it is instantly gone forever," Newsom said solemnly. "That's why I'm taking immediate executive action to declare the possession of coronavirus a felony at the state level."  
@marklevinshow Bolton can testify now. What are you afraid of then? 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
The EU is set to recommend that member nations restrict companies from supplying 5G tech, if they pose a high security risk, according to draft guidance to be published tomorrow. Nice scoop from @catstupp for Cyber - 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Somehow I missed that FCA is paying protection money to Tesla in the EU. From @EricSylvers via autos 
Would die on this hill. The team doesn't deserve it, but the fans surely do. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Too soon? Just like the recurring story they run after every mass shooting? 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings | 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
It's about time this came into the open...this stuff has been going on for years 
Good account of how things work or don't work in DC Swamp &amp; esp how Yogi Berra had 2 be talking about Foggy Bottom backstabbing when he coined the phrase "it's never over until it's over." Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility 
Sell out. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Too bad you didn’t take just a bit more space actually explaining what the Air Raid is from just a typical pass-oriented offense. For us viewers it would have enhanced our viewing pleasure. 
Link to full article: 
: 3113b916-5800-4c2c-8a0b-7ddecd19be68 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with Deloitte COE @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@CBHessick @gtconway3d From the . 
Trump's impeachment defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Well we just can’t have any of this!! Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Very telling &amp; dangerous hope ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ &amp; other read &amp; heed, hope ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ is smarter now than 2012 when the election was his to lose, and he did! I shouldn’t have supported him. 
Got to grab one of these... 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
The European plane maker has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption. 
Making a profit from tragedy. Nike Website Sells Out of Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death. via $NKE 
As Part Of Settlement With Nick Sandmann, CNN Hosts Must Wear MAGA Hats During All Broadcasts | 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via . Come on Mayor Pete. Distinguish yourself from the field. 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. #economics #justanoldwhiteguy 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
Elizabeth Warren Announces Her Presidency Will Include Free Year Of Disney+, ESPN, And Hulu | 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
Selling your home? Well listen up, Curb Appeal counts &amp; there’s a new algorithm helping researchers determine just how much it adds to a property’s value. #RealEstate #HomeSales ⁦@DouglasElliman⁩ 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
And the truth shall set you free 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
@notbinIaden @chiweethedog Still one of my favorite bits 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
Government Cuomo is working with New York state lawmakers to regulate and tax recreational marijuana. Lawmakers are optimistic that they will be able to come to an agreement in the coming months. 
@RepMikeJohnson @JudiciaryGOP NEVER EVER EVER vote Republican. Not only do they refuse to uphold their oaths of office to give us #WitnessesAndDocuments but they also are spending recklessly. America will be bankrupt if these fools aren't kicked out of office. 
McConnell was trying to #CoverUpGOP McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
This is reassuring to me: US Sec of H&amp;HS Azor says he won't hesitate to declare national emergency if needed. I like explicit affirmation @normonics #coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
UK govt. says yes to @Huawei for building its #5G network.. #security #usban #cybersecurity 
Like Trump has said, he can stand in the middle of 5th ave and shoot someone and he won’t lost any support, I am not surprised, they all got their blinders on Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable 
Communist Cuba has been farming out their doctors for decades, but this article exposes the dirty truth and that of the UN's involvement. The U.N. and Human Trafficking 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
“This time it feels different,” says Adla Massoud, a Lebanese documentary filmmaker. “It’s not only about governance,” she says. “It’s about what it means to be Lebanese, regardless of religion, class or clan.” #lebanon #protests #hezbollah 
Amid economic and political uncertainty—and mixed signals on consumer sentiment—the new year finds retail CFOs exercising caution when it comes to investments and expansion. via 
Is this the “modus operandi” dnc will use to take out ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ? Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns - 
Satire: "Dems Change Mind On Border Wall After Realizing It Will Keep People From Leaving When We Switch To Socialism"~&gt; 
“We cannot let ourselves get caught up in a biased proceeding that does nothing to address the surreal problems many Americans face.” 
THEY KNOW THAT WE WILL VOTE FOR TRUMP SO THEY ARE TRYING TO REMOVE TRUMP NOW!!!! EVEN IF THEY REMOVE TRUMP, I WILL WRITE HIS NAME BACK INTO THE BALLOT! 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
The operator of casual-dining chains Village Inn and Bakers Square got the OK to start tapping a $20 million bankruptcy loan. 
Watching this a little skeptically but hoping it’s a step in the right direction 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Seige of Baghdad by Khan, 1258 ad, 2 million killed without firing a shot... Oh yeah there no guns then 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
This is what they wanted 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for #Coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #China #ChinaVirus 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism 
#AbbVie, #Gilead and others respond to #Chinese authorities’ requests for #antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness #CoronaOutbreak 
The SEC has identified somes strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch 
The Klob. I can't believe the Klob is still in the race 
I own one ... and yesterday I caught it unapologetically smirking. 
Tool from startup Pearl Inc. shows insurers whether the same X-ray was used for more than one patient and whether a procedure was necessary #dental #fraud #insurance 
Inside Google’s push to amass millions of patient records via 
I love(cough, choke) the fetid fragrance of really good satire...especially when I can remain upwind of it while posting. Monkeys, even with their less savory habits, would be an improvement over the current majority (ahem...McTurtle et al) inhabitants. 
Rose Byrne chats about her favorite places in Australia, her go-to cocktail in Manhattan and why she has a "problem" with buying baskets 
National debt, national records. Looking forward 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Just like the time(s) Jim Bakker shared the gospel with his masseuse. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker” 
@realDonaldTrump @co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @agavecorn @Mooncatadams #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy #Education FEARING Bolton, Facing Facts, Sworn Testimony &amp; Voter Backlash, Putin's PRETEND GOP Ask for a Brief Recess to Collect Their Thoughts 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder #satire #lol 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
That quote, by the way, is taken from this piece—we’re also featured! Thanks to @tylergabriel_ for talking to us on the upcoming rezoning 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@Srirachachau dude can barely lure people into hanging out using beer and a roof, which is telling 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #MAGA #TRUMP 
Charles Murray wants to use IQ+social science to make policy...what could go wrong? @AriSchulman @AdamKeiper 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Old school , like this classic: 
@JimBakkerShow, just because Trumpinski was taking the Lord's name in vain does not make it a holy event. He committed ADULTERY! That is a sin in the bible. You might want to read up on that! Such a Pseudo Christian! 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever #Christianity 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN... don’t worry, the content on CNN won’t change 
This article, but real, and about John Bolton: 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen. We must diligently defend our electoral process.” #SchiffRocks 
The Huanan food market sold wild animals enjoyed as culinary delicacies or used as traditional medicine—an ancient trade Beijing has allowed despite warnings that it could trigger a global epidemic 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker It was a very small mushroom shaped gospel. 
Sorry, but, we shouldn't allow them back until this is cleared. What do you think? Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay 
@SnarkyBetoChick @Valgb1961 @D_jeneration 33% of black Democratic primary voters are backing Mr. Biden, according to a January poll by Quinnipiac University. Mr. Sanders was 9 percentage points behind at 24% support...Warren was at 8%... 12% didn't know 
@BetsyDeVosED Thank you Betsy. You are the best Sec. of Educ. School vouchers and parent choice of schools will improve scores. Ignore the union trolls. They are the enemy. 
High-risk suppliers should be left out of sensitive or critical parts of 5G infrastructure, says the document expected to be published Wednesday 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@oliverdarcy It looks like hit it pretty close to the mark, as usual. 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
This is a story so you'll need access, but read it and then dance! "A new study shows that chimps can move to a musical beat, suggesting that primates have danced for millions of years" #music 
@MrReali39272354 @RyannMcEnany @realDonaldTrump Whoops.... 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | #satire 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Rare that I can talk about academic and NatSec stuff here, but holy shit. Lieber was basically the Father of US nanotechnology... 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Prosecutors Have Evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer - - 
@Arconservative1 @thehill A small band of the president’s most devoted fans will do whatever it takes to attend his campaign rallies via 2/ 
"With Russia and Turkey actively seeking to undermine European security, and the U.S. shifting to a more distant and transactional posture, AKK believes Germany’s situation has changed in a fundamental way." Liebe @spdde, wann werden wir aktiv? 
"Polygenic scores are ...causal in only one direction. They don’t drop because tests make you nervous or rise because you grew up rich. They’re impervious to racism and other forms of prejudice." 
Because If there's one thing every first class cover-up requires, it's a whip count. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands.: Wall Street Journal MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
I want to see the LGBTQ-15. ;-) New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Well there goes my travel plans!!! Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession via 
Antonio Brown Proves He’s Changed Man By Breaking Into Robert Kraft’s House In Middle Of Night To Apologize 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service | 
Tulsi Gabbard Files Lawsuit Against Hillary Clinton via DESPERATE FOR THE SPOTLIGHT... get a life... 
Adding this to my Christmas list! (Satire) 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial #BoltonMustTestify 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
Xi Jinping is calling for his government to "strengthen the guidance of public opinions" as many of his people clamor for answers amid the coronavirus outbreak. The Chinese people deserve answers to their questions, not more censorship. #coronavirus 
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes. 
"When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with." | 😂🤣 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
#ImpeachmentHearings McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
“Never before have we said, you have to be comfortably middle class before you come to America. That's what we're saying now." @doug_rand 
Now this is interesting... #ImpeachmentTrial GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid Two Elections In A Row 
“I would have loved to attend some roundtables on globalization or the future of trade, but it’s like 90% panels on running underage prostitutes” Nice to still is alive! 
@TertiusIII @surgerysleeper @Godisgood1836 @malo_j @robster16a @LillyBear @imkimaaron @bradleycgibbs @michellmybell1 @BeccCobain @photoartist9 @JustSayingWhat1 @AltWoodstone @StevenWC_ @LibertyJen @Ponygal923 @zalphaprime @SierraDeciduous @TUnicornelius @StandBackUp2 @PaulDubuisson @rithcheng @DrAshSaleh @AnthonyT2_Mufc @Maccabeus24 @HLebwohl @LiamDan008 @HaircutSpock @atheeism @SlsStudios @Friendof_Darwin @Simple_Shaman @Denbar64 @sariel2005 @DebbieGarratt @Janetb172 @Pro_life_ANCAP @donholtmac @IntelligentCan2 @hugh_bothwell @Sam_DeLoach @commonsensejan @th1rt3en_TM @PeterHa28087897 @heart3626 @Swanswan0307 @11xcea @2Cents69 @nico_manocchio @Mwforhr Not what I said. 
@GovMikeHuckabee "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Oh the irony! 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future via @Annaisaac 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose That’s how you beat them 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus - 
How Trump’s Mideast peace plan developed over the past three years 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
@DavidShuster @BernieSanders @joerogan Reminiscent of when they tried to smear him for going on Fox. Which, if I'm correct, Obama did also. And which Bernie slayed on (my friend's mother loved him). When calls you out for bullshit, you've arrived: 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Get a look at the future of flight with the company pioneering one of the world’s first electric planes. via @Honeywell 
Former Sen Al D’Amato New York Lobbying Firm Settles on Allegations of #Somalia Sanctions Violations - 
@benkesslen Well I mean these are the same people who gave music--a mode of creative expression consisting of sound and silence expressed through time--a 6.8 rating. 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown - The Wall Street Journal #housing #Vancouver #development #planning #letstalkhousing 
I can see it😉 Gotta love the 🐝 
Interesting article on how body temperature has lowered over the years. 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: A Twitter Battle Over Fed’s Political Profile Flares Up, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
These guys are good: “Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone” 
Think Australia has a debt problem? The US will spend $US1 trillion more than it earns in 2020. #economics #debt #auspol The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
🐝🐝😂😂😂😂In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Number of #babyboomers entering retirement is expected to grow for several years, while the number of college-bound high-school grads is projected to decline. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
NEW: Senate GOP leaders told their conference in a closed-door meeting that they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial, people familiar with the matter said. by @lindsaywise 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
China: With criticism of the government spreading on social media, Mr. Xi has repeatedly instructed authorities to “strengthen the guidance of public opinions”—language seen as a call for censorship in Communist Party-speak. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Seven years later I still think about this bit every time I'm writing and I need to mention someone's hands. It has that much power 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
This is a serious investment from one of the world's largest banks. There are still many challenges with quantum computing, but Goldman thinks it's time to "get in early." Will be watching where this goes. #Innovation #Future #Tech 
"Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her." 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election The nerve 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan #people #reality 
@SherriaVestal @phillip_olsson @RudyGiuliani And here's an article for you 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
The Wall Street Journal article: "U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus." 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects. Deficit will exceed $1 Trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says. 
And how was that brief gospel sermon from ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ @StormyDaniels⁩ 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
Just as silly as the gun ban lobby's attack on innocent, law abiding gun owners.. #SecondAmendment 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Just a Joke Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Op-Ed: We Can No Longer Tolerate An Economic System Where The Rich Get Richer And The Poor Also Get Richer 😎😎 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 #people #article 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus #humor #reality 
Boris Who? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Key staff members have left @PeteButtigieg's campaign just days before the Iowa caucus, as nonwhite staffers express concerns about a lack of inclusivity. Many of us have been warning y’all that Buttigieg is problematic, but you didn’t want to listen. 
“...Mitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he didn't show it to senators.” 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
? ⁦@SecAzar⁩ Will US do so soon? British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
HFT firms gaining from speed advantages is at the expense of other HFT firms -- not the average investor 
😂🤣😂🤣😂 As Part Of Settlement With Nick Sandmann, CNN Hosts Must Wear MAGA Hats During All Broadcasts | 
Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN for $12 Billion. 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage via 
World War III Rated Most Disappointing Sequel Since 'Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull' It IS amazing how quickly the Iran story went away in the media... 
The NFL Loves Insiders. Andy Reid Is the Ultimate Outsider. Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
Architekwiki: Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime TheBabylonBee 
With the caveat that Mitch McConnell's political obituary has been prematurely written many times before, this development shows an impeachment trial quickly slipping out of @senatemajldr's control. 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial 
If it looks like a duck and talks like a duck, it’s probably just some evangelizing. Now I get it! 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses When Mr. Bolton testifies, warning bells will be going off in Jay Sucklup's head: Danger--Danger--Danger!!! because their entire argument will crumble before their very eyes. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby . . . FETUS IMMEDIATELY EXPOSED TO HPV. 
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers - The Wall Street Journal 
Today was a busy bankruptcy filing day. Here is my latest story: Gastrobar operator Bar Louie abruptly closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders. via Bankruptcy 
LOL Sure seemed like it. 
“This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency,” 
@realDonaldTrump #MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
San Francisco and Bay Area can become epicenter of a global housing correction (my own prediction) -- Delhi, Bengalaru, Shanghai and Berlin come next. A global real estate recession can be devastating leading to massive foreclosures, halt in construction. 
. What a novel idea. Make it Agenda Item #1, alongside joining civilized society. #WuhanCoronavirus #coronarvirues . 
@thoughtfulfala @Not1word1 @NPR @MrColionNoir You actually think that was all there was. You seriously believe all the BS put out about the rally ahead of the fact. Sorry you can't celebrate this. I am sure you are heart broken about your failed narrative. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Vale employees also raised the alarm, but were ignored. Olavo Coelho was the mine’s longest-serving worker. He recommended evacuating the site. He was ignored, and died in the collapse. 
We can't have AMERICANS meddling in OUR elections! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election . 
MTA Chairman Pat Foye was asked, but would not commit that the panel charged with considering exceptions to the congestion pricing tolls would follow the Open Meetings Law. Foye just said there would be “a public engagement process.” Background —&gt; 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign #MAGA #TRUMP 
Rev Run reflects on his upbringing in Queens, N.Y., his father’s poetry and why basketball and rap are the same 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Something they are wholly unprepared for. Stepping outside of the 15 hour work week will be indeed grueling. They may want to raise their own pay to compensate. 
Apple reported record revenue the last quarter of 2019. Its wearable, home and accessory business is showing the greatest growth. #wearables #connectedhome 
Atlanta News Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
President #Trump’s #MiddleEast peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and #Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades #Israel 
Church Surrounded By Five Nursing Homes Asks God To Reveal Next Ministry Opportunity 
4/5 High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Once, a fellow in the next seat to me took off his shoes, revealing a serious rash and releasing a serious smell. It was so bad the flight attendant offered to reseat me...but didn't tell the fellow to put his shoes back on. #Roadwarrior via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign So good of them! 😂🤣 
As Chinese Adoptees Return Home, a New Genre Tells Their Tales via 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
In most industries, federal laws protect workers with disabilities, including mental illness. Church is an exception. 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - The Wall Street Journal: * Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions  The Wall Street Journal * 5-4 Supreme Court allows rule to take effect that could reshape legal immigration  CNN * Ocasio-Cortez Condemns Trump's… 
"First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring" 
True story 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Real stepping on a rake has never been tried folks... 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
NIAC president @jabdi spoke to the about @CBP 's detentions of Iranian Americans at the border, saying “it feels like the administration is turning the screws even further since the travel ban." #RepealtheBan 📰 Read the article here: 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken | 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Is this the Birkin bag of lipstick? 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@kerpen But who also said... 
@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews This is an accurate portrayal of today's GOP. No wonder @justinamash left the party 
Is this his whole reason for being? Hes only worried about the next election instead of the damage hes doing to this Country! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | [ are most of his followers on meth? ] 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Figured this would happen soon enough. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | - 
With growing public backlash over privacy issues, Silicon Valley executives are now publicly calling for new laws and hoping to help steer the outcome as much as possible #BCSTT 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
Harold Baines and Derek Jeter are both in the National Baseball Hall of Fame. Back when Jeter broke the Yankee record for hits in a career, this was the funniest thing ever did (and still is): 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@MarshaS86941020 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Satire Tweet #2 () "CNN Figures It Can Soak Tom Steyer For Couple Million By Pretending It Costs Money To Appear In Debate" 
No. Never. Ever. Ever. "Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane?" 🦶🚫 ✈️ by @jacobwgallagher 
When asked about the board, Schiff said that having a board stick out of your face is "always a sign of God's favor in the Bible." 
Liz and Bernie's Estates Sale 
News from @lindsaywise: At a closed-door GOP lunch before today's trial session, Mitt Romney spoke forcefully about the need to have Bolton testify before the Senate. After the lunch, Loeffler took to Twitter to attack Romney by name. 
What utter nonsense is this. 
@TrentKrupp It’s more than Medicare. It’s the Nth order effects on market prices from having no ceiling on costs because the system will pay (in a wide variety of markets). This summed it up well for me, but I’m curious to hear you perspective on it 
polygenic risk scores hit the Opinion page...but with a left handed double helix. Doh! 🙈 @charlesmurray 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake Stupid conservative rake! Impeach the rake! (But it’s a Green Party rake, you say?) Compost the rake! 
Martin Sandoval, who once headed the state Senate transportation committee, solicited and accepted bribes from figure in red-light camera industry, plea agreement says 
Poll Finds Most People Would Rather Be Annihilated By Giant Tidal Wave Than Continue To Be Lectured By Climate Change Activists | 
.: ‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister #Grammys 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@Nuearth2000 @LindaTerhune @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl @nbc @halsey @sethmeyers @LateNightSeth @colbertlateshow @StephenAtHome @JimmyKimmelLive @jimmykimmel @DNC @BillyGraham @CTmagazine @RecordingAcad @tedcruz @TexasGOP @JohnCornyn @lizzo @djkhaled @SenCoryGardner @SenRickScott @TeamMarco @HuffPost #Bolton confirmed in the #BoltonBook that: - #Trump sold out the #USA &amp; our #NationalSecurity to cheat in #Election2020, violating the #Constitution &amp; his sacred Oath along the way - @Trump &amp; his lawyers play the #TrumpTrain for FOOLS by LYING to them! 
So Is anybody goong to stand for the truth &amp; rebuke Bakker?45 gave stormy 130k to save her from porn Industry?🤦🏽‍♂️ 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
@dbongino Many of us have not forgotten the hateful manner he conducted himself when Trump was first running. He is the epitome of a vindictive and shallow person. 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish: 
U.S. Government Bonds Extend Rally on Coronavirus Concerns: 
In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
I don't recommend pissing off ⁦@POTUS⁩⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ right now. There is only one stat that Trump cares about. ⁦@BarackObama⁩ has 28 stars on the ⁦@CIA⁩ memorial wall, more than any previous president. 
Deadly infection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening consumer spending and the country’s economy 
@willmenaker How do they keep doing it? 
I Am Fun 
Trump says Bolton’s claim is simply to sell a book 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
@CarrieDDahl @NatetheGrate17 @libby4adime @IchBinDurstig @flybabymoni @JohnFugelsang @Ummmmichelle @WombatSocho @ChrisLoesch @americangrace Check out this article. I pull it out every time someone touts the superiority of conservative policy. The most accurate predictor of the Bush years was satire, it's so bad. And trump is Nush on steroids. 
In case you need a little levity, @HilaryClinton and have you covered. I Am Fun 
@ryanridgley78 @VagrantMuse @qdogg77 @stillCALLin @MarkDice @realDonaldTrump Here is Wall Street Journal....hardly a liberal rag. 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via 
Yankees Warn Eduardo Nunez To Stop Showing Up Derek Jeter By Making Routine Plays At Shortstop 
@dcexaminer @BorisJohnson @BenSasse Uh huh ... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
BREAKING: “Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he did not show it to senators.” 
An exciting development in 5G competition. Will this change other governments’ mind about Huawei’s 5G technology? It is also interesting that I see a lot of Huawei devices in Europe, but not in the US. #BCSTT 
@peterdaou @HillaryClinton @leeladaou Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
On Tuesday after the White House lawyers wrapped their opening arguments, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial... 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis via 
Satire but.... AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
Jim Bakker says ~" Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ, as he had become acquainted with her and was very concerned that she was not a Christian" 🤣🤣 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via 
You can bet the governor will take credit for the peace. Central planners will never miss an opportunity for unearned credit. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Can we just take a minute to think about this and absorb what is increasingly becoming unavoidable consequences? #NationalDebt #debt #nationalsecurity 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - #MAGA 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan without Palestinian presence 
🚨 The Justice Department is looking into the antitrust ramifications of the potential Dean/DFA deal. Scoop from @jacobbunge: 
Given immigrants can't get most US welfare programs, is this unreasonable? "educational attainment, their health, &amp; whether their income is less than 125% of the federal poverty level...could make it less likely for an immigrant" to get permanent residency 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus. Communism kills 
The White House is scrambling to respond to the John Bolton's book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
@petercoffin I just saw this and think it's applicable: 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via 
CIOs Look to Boost Tech Teams’ Diversity 
@valhallabckgirl This, but Aunt instead of dad. 
#Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery via #stock #bonds #forex #commodities 
Local Dipshit Planning On Fighting Trump Administration Through Art 
TAKE A LOOK👇👇👇👇 “McConnell (R., Ky.) said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said.He had a card w/“yes,” “no,” “maybes” marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he didn’t show it to Senators” 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
"I don’t have a history in the publishing business,” Thatcher Wine says. “I didn’t go to school for library science, or even for design or literature. I’m just completely free to make this up as I go along—and have a lot of fun with it.” 
BULLSHIT!! I’ve had my eye on a new coyote bomber for months!! “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
Legit. MSM Ambulance Chasers lost business today. 
Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth 
Schiff has lost his mind. 
Agglomerate::::Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@lisamurkowski CoryGardner The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @senatemajldr @SenateGOP @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz we want witnesses to appear and documents released by @realDonaldTrump . We will not tolerate a COVER-UP. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday ⁦@patrickmadrid⁩ #TeamTaco 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via 
Big Banks Ace First Round of Federal Reserve's 'Stress Tests' 
This is huge. 
#FATCA was enacted without regard for its effects on the 8.7 million U.S. citizens living abroad, who have essentially been declared guilty of financial crimes unless they can prove otherwise. -Oct, 2015 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
this article from 2015 is a timeless classic lol 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@Asgrow_DEKALB The only thing you need to know about seed: 
The Air Raid was always defined by the oddballs behind it as much as the offense itself. Then Patrick Mahomes became its greatest prophet. Kliff Kingsbury, Mike Leach and more explain how the NFL tried to reject the Air Raid—and why now that's done. 
“The increasingly secular nation has replaced its outdated religious ideas with more advanced, enlightened ideas, like telling you what behavior is immoral and predicting when the world is going to end.” It would be difficult for me to be laughing harder. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Even SurveyUSA poll shows 71% of Republicans agree with Democrats that new witnesses should testify in the Senate's impeachment trial. 82% of Voters Nationwide Say yes too. : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
McDonald's faces intense competition at breakfast and has been looking to upgrade its chicken offerings. It's piloting breakfast chicken sandwiches. good to be back on the chicken-sandwich beat with @heatherhaddon: 
WHO gives a boost to Beijing after criticism at home of its handling of new coronavirus, but new travel barriers and alerts illustrate fears around the globe that China may not be doing enough to contain Wuhan outbreak via 
Wall St: The Volcker Rule's proprietary trading restriction is too complex, we need simplification! Also Wall St: The Volcker Rule's covered funds restriction is too simple, we need a complex set of carveouts! Ease of evasion is the guiding principle. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
@Viccimn How about that right wing propaganda machine......wait for it......the .......#dumbass....👇🏿 
#Schiff has been repeating the same lies for the last 24hrs. His opening statement should have been 20 minutes. Did someone remind him he doesn't get OT? 
markets: Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
This is quite a story and quite a company via @wsj: 
I see you. The anxious people, gauging my abilities in the exit row. The hungry people, packing tuna fish in a closed cabin. The parents, trying to talk softly, but needing to lay down the law. But the barefoot people? I’m sorry. This is NOT the way. 
@realDonaldTrump Bolton sent both Fiona Hill and Alexander Vindman to NSC lawyers to report concerns about Trump's Ukraine pressure campaign 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@cspanwj The Wall Street Journal extended an invitation to John Bolton in an excellent editorial. "John Bolton’s book draft... is hardly a surprise and won’t—and shouldn’t—change the impeachment resultt. The John Bolton Report - 
“American partners have real doubts about American commitment to the core principles of an alliance”. The US is done being uncle patsy , if the other members shirk their duty ! 
"The enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of health is one of the fundamental rights of every human being without distinction of race, religion, political belief, economic or social condition." GREAT BUT IRONICALLY #WHO @WHO #WuhanCoronovirus 
Shale producers are under pressure as investors sour on the sector 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan via 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
WTF ? ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Okay, this was funny. 🤣 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December - 
: Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@dbongino He is also compromised. This from 2007 Glenn Simpson on Manafort 
What could possibly go wrong?? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity - insightful from ⁦@tparti⁩ &amp; ⁦@dnvolz⁩ 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
@Barnes_Law At least some republican sentors still believe in their constitutional duty to deliver a fair trial. Country &gt; party 
Whiner and Cryer over Neo Con disputes...........holy mackeral 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN . Problem is if they did, they’d have to fire all the Babylon Bee writers 😂😂 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via #prepper 
Harvard chemistry chairman Charles Lieber has been arrested, after he allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
Heaven help us if the American people have a say in the next presidential election. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It! CNN CEO and founder said, “and it’s a lot of cost savings, as we’re just paying the cable bill, “I don’t actually have to pay those two to yell at FOX News.” 
@LouisRBridgema3 @Linda1746 @biannagolodryga However, this just in. 
Google proposal for a San Jose campus would essentially remodel the city as a 21st-century company town via 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
I guess when POTUS says he only hires the best people that doesn't include his legal team huh. Bring on the witnesses! The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker This is some bullshit right here. 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday ... 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
He was frightened, however, to learn that Virginians own guns and can defend themselves if threatened by callous governments, unlike unborn babies. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. #deficits #NationalDebt #Trump #JohnDalyNews 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy 
Wall Street Journal • front page • Jan 29 2020 
: 6bb6be6d-9bff-4030-ab78-991747ac6b2a 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
78% of #AmericansDemandWitnesses McConnell says the Senate GOP doesn’t have the votes to block calling witnesses. That’s a pathetic statement, McConnell, revealing the political lens you view impeachment through. 
For reelz 
I can think of 53 who need to be replaced. #TrumpImpeachment 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Florida @SenRickScott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa. #RickScott 'oversaw the largest #MedicareFraud ' in U.S. history. 
Democrats%20Warn%20That%20American%20People%20May%20Tamper%20With%20Next%20Election 
Let's stop referring to any of the 2020 Democrats as "moderate" opinion: "They mask this revenue grab behind rhetoric about the wealthy. But now and again the mask slips, as with the proposals to raise the payroll tax on all workers." 
Big news. McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop Bolton. Now for the next step: trump will go to court to prevent Bolton. Thank you to Mitt Romney for courageously spearheading the effort to get the votes. 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal 
Tiger Global Raises $3.75 Billion Venture Fund: Fund raise illustrates investors’ belief that private technology continues to be a good investment 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman, Charles Liebera, pioneer in nanotechnology, Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China. Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
For Wuhan’s home province of Hubei, the U.S. State Department issued its highest Level 4 alert on Tuesday—the same warning used for N. Korea, Iran and Venezuela. @StephanieAYang 
Need a good laugh,? 
@tedcruz Dude you have to do this 
i for one would love @LilNasX to try this. 
Jim has spread the "Gospel" himself over the years. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
: 'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Very curious what #AcademicChatter and #TherapistsConnect think of this potential claim. Certainly the interplay between genetic and epigenetic influence is complicated but will a polygenic score establish immutable parameters in treatment? I’m not sure. 
Manufacturers Increase Perks to Get New Hires to Move - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
New York Court Rules Prosecutorial Misconduct Commission Unconstitutional - The Wall Street Journal 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Restoring balance. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
Hey ⁦@StormyDaniels⁩, could you clear this up for us? I'd be very interested to know if he carried a Bible with him while you were trying booty to laugh/vomit 🍄 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Does this projection include mild, mod or severe recession with higher unemployment and lower tax revenue? Each market participant must diligently work out his/her own salvation. 
@Gillette has done more damage to the society with their mindless ads than any good .as a #feminist It hurts me when the work of several years is drained by the likes of mindless people at @Gillette No wonder the #Feminists have become a laughing stock now 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN January 25th, 2020 
Man On Deathbed Deeply Regrets Not Spending More Time Arguing On Facebook 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus - 
Breaking: acquires competing satire organization, @CNN, in a move to satirize both sides of the political spectrum. 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via 
LOL 😂 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Because the truth still matters. That's why. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Christ Returns to NBA 
Therrbu have it folks ...tax cuts. Made this poss less corp tax n borrowimg .....U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
By 2030, the US national #debt will be about the size of GDP, CBO projects, following several rounds of #tax cuts and sustained increases in spending via 
The operating arm of Eagle Bulk Shipping will pay about $1.13 million to settle the allegations that it violated U.S. sanctions on Myanmar via 
@AmandaMarcotte Reminds me of this: 
Beijing takes steps to shape narrative after negative comments over government’s response to deadly outbreak keep circulating on social media 
Source: 
This may be the funniest thing I’ve read in years. I laughed so hard I’m choking. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,’ Explains Jim Bakker | 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
@SheriefFarouk This reminded me of this piece 
WOW! So there are still a few Republican Patriots. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
All Aboard the Trump (Impeachment) Train - Editorial: The John Bolton Report (Wall Street Journal) 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You I WANT ONE!! 
🤣😂🤣 BEST work EVER by 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
How Russia, Turkey, India and other countries helped Venezuela sidestep U.S. sanctions. via 
is filled with baseball fans. Over the years, they have been particularly brutal with Jeter. 🤣 
Striking Blow Against #ToxicMasculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus": GOP senators say the push for impeachment is hurting Biden's 2020 presidential bid 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set: Parents cave in to kids’ relentless begging for Apple’s wireless white earbuds; schools ban them via 
You just never know who’s going to crack, or how, in a stressful situation. via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets, But Overall Liquidity Stable, by @michaelsderby in markets - #repo - 
@StormyDaniels Dear Leader was merely scheduling private time with a woman not his wife in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ: 
Pelosi gets the good press. McConnell gets it done. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@GretaThunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding #WillyWonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now - 🤣🤣🤣 
Church Bassist Dies During Worship Set, No One Notices For Three Weeks 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Big snub of US mobile-security concerns: UK says it will allow China’s Huawei to build limited parts of next-gen 5G network @maximcolch via 
@BenevolusPF @kathy_markovich @MaryanneChisho2 It's a parody site: 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment 
Flight data, air traffic communications, and challenging weather conditions are being examined as the investigation into the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and 8 others continues. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@SenMcSallyAZ @timkaine Apparently, Martha's reelection is more important than the republic. 
Next time @realDonaldTrump brags about the economy... You don't need a degree to know an economy built on massive debt WILL collapse. 
breaking news they are on the loose!!!! 
News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesnt Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
LOL! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
U.K. allows Huawei to build parts of 5G network 
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
@CPHO_Canada A former CDC director says we know hardly anything about the virus: So if we don't know much, then how are you confident that the risk is low? That is just presumptuous. 
After senseless death of Goliath, Philistines call for ban on high-capacity slings 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
From @wsj - While there is a ton of talk of #5G coming soon- it is still far off Mission critical #infrastructure needs to be built out requiring more #datacenters, #celltowers, and #fiber $SRVR 
@realDonaldTrump No, Americans are not better off. Cutting our Social Security and Medicare is not the answer. And you’ve done nothings to tackle debt. Remember “Oh, you people are going to be so rich!”? Most of us knew you were lying. 
"NYC Trash Hauler Makes Big Bet to Keep on Trucking" GREAT STORY ABOUT A REAL NEW YORKER! 
ONLY PEOPLE TAMPERING WITH ELETIONS ARE DEMOCRATS THEMSELVES.....Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
In Shocking News . . Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar- As Adam Schiff gave his opening arguments, stunned witnesses claim a huge plank suddenly appeared protruding from his left eye socket.😂😂 
Bolton then added "I am the Egg Man ... Koo Koo Ca Chu!!!" 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via @MicahMaidenberg 
China is cracking down on social media posts and reporting on coronavirus #csulbsoc 
😑@Robin_Volpi @KelliSmith15 @pannlewis44 @graceslick77 @veterans_i Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
U.S. stocks are up after yesterday’s losses, as investors shift from coronavirus fears to corporate earnings season #WhatsNow 
Congrats to Delphi shareholders...an unexpected! For $BWA shareholders....way to step up and pay a 17x in the face of slowing automotive mkt. 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - "By the end of the year, eMarketer predicts, more than one-third of the U.S. population will be using smart ear-worn devices." 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Scientists: 'Look, One-Third Of The Human Race Has To Die For Civilization To Be Sustainable, So How Do We Want To Do This?' 
@dango8mybb @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending 
Devon Archer / Hunter Biden / Burisma — Follow the Money as it Flows back to the Pockets of Obama White House Officials. 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.⁦@iandenisjohnson⁩ ⁦@raykwong⁩ 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | (New Rule: Sex will now be referred to as “sharing the gospel”. Ex. Did you share the gospel with your tinder date? Variation: Did your date speak in tongues?) 
@hjluks I’m just gonna leave this here: #murica 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
⁦@marcorubio⁩ Your support for Putin-loving Trump is hurting Venezuela. 
@realDonaldTrump The Fed is already propping up the Trump economy with massive cash infusions. 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science: Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective. Via: 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
They've been wrong before! &gt;&gt;&gt; Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
Very was there an exact moment when brit politics went retarded or is it a constant? homelessness is a budgetary luxury - zero sense... #Homeless families putting budgets under strain, say councils 
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he… 
Yooo. They have no chill lmao. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
1.2 million views: Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Wuhan University of Technology gave Mr. Lieber more than $1.5 million to set up a research lab in China, according to the complaint. The school also agreed to pay him a $50,000 monthly salary and offered about $150,000 in annual living expenses... 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election...lol 
@BernieBitch420 @DeNarde4MoCo @jimmy_dore @miserablelib @RonPlacone @FoxNews @Newsweek Liberals Say @BernieSanders’s Acceptance Of #Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail | 1. Don’t limit AI strategy to IT strategy 2. Prioritize revenue growth over cost reduction 3. Apply AI throughout the business #artificialintelligence #DataScience 
@Teampleyar Right. The American people could never end up electing someone who *you'd* never vote for ... lol 
The U.S. #national #debt will #rise to 98% of #GDP by #2030, CBO projects via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
This legit just made me snort-snot laugh. 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
FAKE NEWS is desperate! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects (@richardrubindc / Wall Street Journal) 
@mattzollerseitz Horribly inhumane. That said, speaking of gallows humor: 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
@AgileApophenia @LissaMarie630 @GlutenAF @JJDemonic Yes, who is in charge of the app? Who created the app? Seems the plan is to announce the winner from the #DNCApp and follow up w the paper ballots sometime later. After 2016, this seems highly suspicious. 
. @FairwayMarket, the New York City grocer, is looking for potential buyers in case an offer for five of its stores shrinks to three via @SomaBis 
Like, I'm sure this was fine, for instance 
» Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Moscow Mitch Just Said That He Does'nt Have Enough Republicans To Block Witnesses From Testifying 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
In trying to paint Mitch McConnell as evil, they are inadvertently portraying him as an evil genius. 
A trait’s genetic cause is gross &amp; functional anatomy, physiology, or biology - not social science (SS). SS isn’t predictive b/c it’s not undergirded by physical laws. It’s materialism, ignoring the soul/mind. IQ isn’t sensory threshold. SS is peculiar BS 
President Trump decries ‘socialism,’ but is happy to redistribute wealth and hand out taxpayer money to corporations and banks, via 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
Yes. They may actually vote against #CorruptDemocrats ! 😂😂 @realDonaldTrump #2020Landslide 
@timesofindia we should find out why so many approval for project was given at the same time 
@realDonaldTrump Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020 
Congestion pricing is one of the most important policy decisions New York has made in decades and we have to get it right. We need much more transparency and accountability from the planning process than we’re seeing now. 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
New: Charles Lieber, the chair of Harvard's chemistry department, was charged in a criminal complaint Tuesday that alleges he did not disclose Chinese government funding her received. 
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via 
Netflix says “The Witcher” is its most popular debut series ever. Fans applaud. Others scratch their heads. 
@groundshy Still the safest way to travel:) 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via 
Can we just not give children earbuds of any kind? No need to encourage hearing damage at an early age. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses the end of this administartion is at hand the the demaray[-ts along with the ballless gopp lety it happen 
The hypocrisy is astounding! #QuidProQuoJoe #WheresHunter #ShamImpeachment Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD 
Ha! Parenting is hard. But it's fun too. Make sure to download and share our FREE APP for listings of all things #childfriendly across SA, and all geocoded to your location. Activities, events, party ideas, services, etc. 
@realDonaldTrump and the swamp continues to grow 
Would you look at that. Are spines starting to form in the Senate? GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit via 
I almost vomited blood! 🤢 
Morning! As the new coronavirus spreads, attention turns to China's wild animal markets - @JNBPage has more. Plus, @rebeccaballhaus on impeachment, @NickTimiraos on the Fed, and @_benkatz on Airbus' corruption settlement. 
This was yesterday's (Monday) Pump by the FED...Why do we need the FED to STEP IN AGAIN?... Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
in 1998... State Department To Hold Enemy Tryouts Next Week 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@OPCGhost So the two most progressive people running have a combined total that eclipses the moderate, and your point is? 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Oh the humanity!! 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
» Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
This is a great deal for America. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
After abandoning local US TV owners in #USMCA negotiations and leaving $2 billion on the table in lost cross border retransmission revenues, Trump campaign now looks to sheepishly amp up local news coverage 
Markets don't appear to believe in the purchase promises in the US-China trade deal, at least as far soybeans are signaling. #trade #Asia 
A phenomenal #dataviz showing global economic risks. Countries hurt the most by a global #TradeWar... 1. #Luxembourg 2. #HongKong 3. #Singapore 4. #Malta 5. #Ireland via @wsj @zhu_ellie_xr @greg_ip @CBRE_EMEA @CBRESingapore @CBRE_Ireland 
Coming to a peaceful rally near you. #Richmond2ARally 
Say What? Then why Did 45 pay $165,000.00? To keep her mouth shut about her New Salvation? Vipers! 
U.S. Blacklists Foreign Companies Allegedly Supporting Iran’s Petroleum Sector 
House Democrats didn’t try to compel former national security adviser John Bolton to testify in the impeachment probe of President Trump, avoiding a potentially lengthy court fight via 
The Tax Increases to Come #RetirementPlanning #insane 
The diplomatic approach is unconventional. The U.S. norm has been to arm-twist the Israelis and bribe the Palestinians with cash. Instead the Trump Admin has supported Israel unapologetically. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses!!!!! 🔥💪🏻✊🏼 
SWEEPING THE NATION! Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Tech Giants' New Call to Lawmakers: 'Regulate Us' 
Good news for all of us! #OurCommunity #RealEstate 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home #lol #comedy 
What does Vale owe the devastated town? First, it showered it with cash. Now, it plans to pull out altogether. 
This is getting ridiculous. 
The sterility of this world view is mind boggling: What’s the connection between Baby Yoda and human evolution? Columnist @AlisonGopnik via 
Why Narendra Modi Was Banned From the U.S. #BoycottIndigo 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
The left will never get over McConnell 's strategy of holding up Garland's nomination. It was a big gamble, but he won. Just mentioning it to a Dem is enjoyable as they curl up into a fetal position. via 
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China: Wall Street Journal 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
LOL, how big of him to let Li "shine" at ground zero of the #coronavirus 
Sweatshirt String Emerges Triumphant After Harrowing Journey Through Hood 
In fairness, if you were a shady financier ($10mn to settle a pension kickback complaint from the SEC!) and you saw @BernieSanders surging in the polls, you might be anxious too. The important thing is that MSNBC continue to air Rattner’s views. 
*Prepares Resume* 
@BenCox83 like this? 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
NEW: Our piece on the 3 big China cases today alleging 1) Harvard chemistry chair lied re millions in Chinese funding 2) PLA official used Boston University as base to study U.S. military 3) Researcher tried to sneak vials to China in a sock w @aviswanatha 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Liberals Say #BernieSanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early . @TulsiGabbard my advice is to stay indoors tonight with a loaded AR. 
‘He Is a Dictator’ via 
@HedgeyeDDale Well - even the reported 40% of listed companies lost $$ over the last 12 months. Which wreaks of growth and confidence. 
.@AlanDersh is a flip-flopper...which is more than he was wearing when he received a “massage” from the sex trafficking victim at Epstein’s Pedophile Palace. 
Different venue than Toronto, but still has some of Google's ambitions on topic of city planning. Will this shot do better? 
does no one know how elections work? i seriously don't get it 
Never forget: 
Kinda dovetails an earlier post. 
Listen 🎧: President Trump unveils a Middle East peace plan. @GeraldFSeib has analysis. Plus, @rebeccaballhaus on final defense arguments in the impeachment trial. And @ailworth has some avocados and don'ts for Super Bowl Sunday. @annmariefertoli hosts. 
Today the markets look a little more confident – it is yet to be seen if the downturn will gain traction. I’m quoted in today’s 
How come??? This is insane.... 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
What’s normal? Our body temperature seems to be dropping. 
Martin Indyk, fellow at Council on Foreign Relations and Middle East expert says: Middle East waste of time; and Israel can handle itself w/o USA. BIG, and WELCOME CHANGE. 
PBS Snooze Hour 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses ".....infinitely malleable....." Poor Pat. He obviously hasn't read the U.S. Declaration of Independence recently. 
Who would have thought $AAPL revenues will be boosted by ... AirPods??? 🤩 : Apple posts record revenue on strong AirPod, App sales. #Apple #AAPL 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@COMM240 This article by provides a simple definition of the Web 2.0 while showing the ways it can be used in marketing today. 
Emergency Evacuation Of Americans Begins From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City. Is it a good idea to fly 230 people from the middle of a #coronarvirus #pandemic to the middle of #california How could this possibly go wrong? 
: 7d12fb9e-f4ce-44a2-b525-f53b70647bf0 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
For Modern Business, Only Modern Solutions Can Keep Up. How can harnessing #machinelearning and #AI move planning from a reactive stance to a predictive one? Find out via : @AdaptiveInsight @wdayFinancetalk #plantowin #Finance 
This just in water is wet. 
He already shot an elk tried DMT and is doing stand up tonight At the #comedystore .. I heard #Bernie already has a podcast coming out with #TheoVon 
Bhakts &amp; Arnab fans are jumping over Kunal kamra not been allowed to travel in Indigo &amp; Air India But Bhakts forgot their papa Modi was only one banned from US for years for 2002 Gujarat massacre. #BoycottIndigo #BoycottAirIndia #kunalkamra @kunalkamra88 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
The finds that the housing market 🏡🏢 lost steam recently with residential investments dropping for the longest stretch since the 2008 crisis. Read more: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
markets: The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone Unless it enters California illegally, in which case he will offer it a driver's license, free college, and register it as a Democrat. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Chuckle not so bright... 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
In her latest book, “From the Oven to the Table,” British cookbook author Diana Henry celebrates the set-it-and-forget-it ease of sheet pan dinners and their brethren 
Most of the animals pictured here are apes, not monkeys. I expect more from a serious news site like @babylonbee Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Wuhan is a city of 11 million people, yet Westerners in Wuhan travel to Beijing or Shanghai for routine medical treatment. In other words: Wuhan has 3 million people more than NYC, but cannot even provide routine medical treatments. #ncov2020 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #Satire 
While the UK focuses on a trade agreement with the EU, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin hopes to complete a trade agreement with the UK by the end of 2020. @wsj 
THIS IS AN ONION ARTICLE, RIGHT?!! 😂😂😂 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
"The decision is a major setback for American-led efforts to clamp down on the use of Huawei products, and could embolden other countries to follow the U.K.’s lead." 
advice to the @DMRegister - bury the @nytimes by following the advice of James M. Kilts, CEO and President, The Gillette Company - 
Time to fire all politicians and put in working-class folks who have to live in reality and within real constrained budgets... U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It by 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
MLB To Speed Up Games By Replacing Umpires With Bears | 
or Harvard? 
Follow on to my post on #AI for GCs and sound advice for those looking to #machinelearning and related tech for game changing opportunity. Key take away - start small to learn and put up wins, then go big with a non-CIO sponsor of a broad team. 
#Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what, writes @GeraldFSeib #Bolton #ImpeachmentTrial #Ukraine #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments #LevParnas #UkraineScheme #LevParnas 
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
@bschapiroMD @LauraWhitt32 @Gimpmaker @jumpinjonnydee @ltecato @JasKeelan @Phoenix81977532 @M1APatriot @GiantPrepper @layoungbl @jennchem21 @MichaelBicak @ElizabethDelGi5 @kateneuropsych @Iamawesome169 According to the 2018 NBC News/Wall Street Journal Survey 47% of Americans have at least 1 firearm in their house. 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus'. I guess the Vatican @VaticanNews is going out of business... @Pontifex 
@HillaryClinton But what about the paste, Mrs. Clinton? 
It was just a matter of time... In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
President Trump's historic impeachment trial began today, but nobody noticed as everyone was too excited about Taco Tuesday to care. 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
36% of all new housing and 32% of all new #affordablehousing under Housing New York has been built in the 25% of neighborhoods with the highest incomes. 
Fascinating information here. To learn more about the history of Health Nucleus and Human Longevity, Inc. check out this review of my book IMMORTALITY,INC. for the Wall St. Journal. #immortalityinc #chipwalter #wallstjournal 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger- #DeanFoods #Merger 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Currency Manipulation Is a Real Problem - #JudyShelton #GoGold #GoldBackedMoney 
This latest coronavirus should be a red flag for American hospitals, which need to get serious about infection control. Read more @ #Healthcare #HealthcareUSA #HealthcareNews #CoronoVirus #WorldHealthOrganization #WHO #USHospitals #USAHealthcareUpdates 
@StormyDaniels.. this one's for you! Can these folks get any nuttier? How's that gospel working for you now? #stormyrocks #resist #canthisgetanynuttier #evangelicalbaloney #TrumpIsALaughingStock 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt via 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
@lunibin @BernieSanders Less than this. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit #people #sarcasm 
This would be an improvement over the actual Republican party. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN. 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
Central Banks Warm to Issuing Digital Currencies One in 10 central banks surveyed says it is likely to roll out digital currencies within three years 
Interesting article on the state of our teenage girls today. Most of this is spot on with what we’re seeing in the Junior High setting with boys &amp; girls. #teenagers 
editorial board, on regular op-ed contributor Bolton: “We’ve known Mr. Bolton long enough to doubt that he'd want to sandbag Republican Senators or the President he worked for. He's a straight-shooter, even if he sometimes aims right between the eyes." 
I have also tried hard here to not be a parody of political reporting by avoiding this hilarity: 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
See Liz's quote here. She is a lawyer motivated by virtue. Dershowitz is not. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - . scum RIno's pull back stab..... 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The gospel of...???? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
#Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | #Satire 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns, @markgmaurer reports for @CFOJournal 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
@EricTrump FUCKED FOREVER #IMPEACHEDFOREVER 🤡 GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Yes according to Adam Schiff and @DNC just by A LEGAL American citizen exercising their right to vote is tampering with the elections. 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Biden: 'Republicans May Have Standards, But We Have Double Standards' | 
“This weekend, when twelve inches of snow fell, I swallowed my pride and handed my wife the snow shovel.” 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Kobe Bryant's investment legacy includes co-founding a venture firm that made bets on such companies as Fortnite-creator Epic Games and legal-services company LegalZoom 
@MisterAntiBully Oh boy! 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Deloitte Global CEO Punit Renjen: Social Progress Needs Business Leadership #socialprogress #leadership Risk 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
California regulators could potentially scuttle the $26 billion merger between T-Mobile and Sprint 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Parody! 
Tiffany's, a Love Affair With the Glitterati | #fashion #tiffany #tiffany's #tiffanys #jewelry #earrings #style #stud #studded #studdedearrings #music #rnb #style #affluent #progress #class #firstclass 
After%20Senseless%20Murder%20Of%20Goliath,%20Philistines%20Call%20For%20Ban%20On%20Fully%20Automatic,%20High-Capacity%20Slings 
BREAKING NEWS: McConnell says GOP doesn’t have votes to block impeachment witnesses!! #impeachmenttrial #boltonmusttestify 
Charles Murray first blamed poverty on lazy Blacks, then on morally inferior Whites, and now on #Genetics. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Satire Tweet #3 "Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden" 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Sometimes I Wish My Legs Had Never Been Crushed By That Train 
Tech: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall 
AI Helps Spot Dental Fraud. Tools help insurers analysis dental records for fraud via #AI #Fraud #Healthcare #accounting #reporting #audit 
As #Roundup settlements talks heat up, .@FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati talks to the about trial strategy and next steps with the #MDL by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Update/Milkdate: 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
'The View' Audience Applauds Hitler After Revelation He Never Voted For Trump | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - h 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Is that what religious types call it these days? 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election". Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Managing access controls and scanning outgoing data for inside information are among the SEC’s top cybersecurity practices 
Makes complete sense.... ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
As dental hygienists we can screen for depression and have those conversations with our patients. Don’t be afraid to ask if they have suicidal thoughts and if they have resources for help. #suicideprevention 
U.S. national debt and sustained federal budget deficits will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office projected, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in federal spending. 
U.S. Working to Evacuate American Citizens From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City - China says it’s contagious without symptoms, the US says no. Not quarantining less they have symptoms! What if we are wrong. They are going to turn those Americans loose. 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines, by @michaelsderby in markets - #repo - 
This makes for horrifically harrowing reading 
@LGHammer @BetteMidler Check out this article: "Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. 'We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,' he said." Because they didn't include Palestinians in the plans, it's just demands, not peace. 
Good one... 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
BIG TIME NEWS MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS: Breaking News: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
Trump Expands Travel Ban To Include British Royalty 
Ocasio-Cortez Desperately Trying To Make Math On Universal Healthcare Add Up While Punching Numbers Into A Potato 
Dr. Anup Patel, who handles an average of 10 to 15 avocado-hand cases a year through his work with the Orlando Plastic Surgery Institute and the Orlando Hand Surgery Associates, said a Super Bowl-related surge wouldn’t be surprising. 
@Lizzie_Felty13 @RyanRadke316 I saw this article shortly after I saw this tweet. Check it out! 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN :-) :-) :-) 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers—a big “Eww!” In ⁦⁩ 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
The Week In Pictures – Week Of January 27, 2020 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Sen. Rick Scott airs anti-Biden ad in Iowa 
A relaxation guide for stressful times: Articles from The Wall Street Journal explore ways to keep your health and relationships free of the effects of stress 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
@thehill The dam has already broken, Jared. You might have to go get a real job soon. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Got #BYUCreamery chocolate milk? 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
"In large cities, affordability constraints are deterring many would-be buyers ... In theory, interest-rate cuts should spur demand for housing by making mortgages cheaper." Rates are so low by now, that further cuts won't do much, IMO. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via 
An unnamed Swiss banker made unlawful profits over several years from trades through his wife’s accounts at other banks via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via #BoltonMustTestify 75% of Americans want witnesses. 
#BuildTheWall Just south of Waco. Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
2. Luxury brands will up the in-store ante, creating real-life #retail experiences worth leaving your laptop for. 🛍️ 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
.Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. vía 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby #news #feedly 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians vía 
"Vancouver man with SARS felt ill after a trip to Asia... Because of his symptoms, the staff whisked him out of the crowded ER within five minutes. Caregivers wore tight, moisture-proof masks and disposable gowns to protect themselves." 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Finance executives are taking measures to protect their employees and their customers against the coronavirus, but say it is too early to tell what the financial implications might be for their businesses, @Nina_Trentmann reports for @CFOJournal . 
US believes Risk of Extensive Coronavirus Infections is Low 
McConnell concedes that he doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
American Air: ninth Delta: first 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
"Bezos enjoyed the conversation, answering every question the Crown Prince asked him, and threw in his credit card info, social security, and blood type as a show of trust and respect." 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. 
Private-equity firm Platinum Equity wants to recruit CBS chief Joe Ianniello to front its bid to acquire Univision via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
PRO-TIP: Your Wife Is Never 'Fine" And You Should Live In Constant Fear Of Her Merciless and Never-Ending Wrath. #BeScaredBeVeryScared 
@luvlifemore @SaolDara @zarahsultana And if you want to know who the real Gangsters are. Omar Karsou was my best friend and business partner so I know a thing or two.... 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election ... 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ ~~That's ok , I just like the title caption anyway. ~~ 
Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports - . ⁦@barstoolsports⁩ now valued at $450 million. 
omg, Volaris is above its 2013 $12 IPO price! $VLRS 
Kamala Harris’ campaign issues were propogated early on, damn near immediately. This story of intra Buttigieg campaign issues comes in late January 2020 and really isn’t surprising given the candidate’s history. It’s clear who the media wanted to push out. 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
“Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding” China CCP Govt is a deadly virus that can weaken and harm the free world 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis via 
How do you explain semen sermon to your grandkids? 
😂* Funny, no matter one’s politics *At publishing time, Trump had fired Chip and Joanna after they had decided they wanted the southern border to have an "open concept" feel. Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh You're delusional. By the way, your cover up is coming apart. 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses 
markets: Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. 
Streetwear by and for women is disrupting a category that has long focused on men’s silhouettes and sizing. Meet the new crop of designers getting recognition from both customers and industry powers including LVMH, Adidas and Kanye West: 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
@justiceseeker03 @granny_1967 @Wipapa5 @WolffieWolf @MarciaConrady @SueBanski @Trutexan1 @amyllamere @jaydenj_j Is that what Trump calls it, his “Gospel”? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; @DanLairdMD @SpicyPurritos @woutgorge @tal7291 @hipEchik 
Coming 🔜 to @Tinder dates #panicbuttons and #safety #checkins. 💁‍♀️ @engageyouthco 
2) As consumers shift away from processed food and opt for smaller, fresher food with a story, makers of Wheaties, Pop Tarts, and Campbell's soup might experience the same fate as Borden's. ReInvention and Innovation is the key to survival! 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
@FederalistNo78 @Shorty56167141 @ChristinePolon1 @QBlueSkyQ @MadAddictSport @BabeReflex_8 @karoolatas @Imaginer77 @LavenderLives @AnJillOfLight @MissiWhite4 @We_Have_Risen it also cuts life expectancy by 33 percent. 
A congress of congressmen... 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Mitch McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. 
What is remarkable about this satire, it is quite close to @RepAdamSchiff argument to @SenateFloor #ImpeachmentTrial 
How can an impartial juror in an impeachment trial run an ad about the impeached president’s scheme that failed due to the integrity of the leader 45 tried to shakedown? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters - 
Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept was charged on allegations he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter what officials describe as Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker - This is a whole new level of I dont even know what. 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians Pales­tin­ian Au­thor­ity Pres­i­dent Mah­moud Ab­bas re­jected the plan. “We re­jected this deal from the start and our stance was cor­rect,” 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
What do we want? Sling control When do we want it? Now! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Billie Eilish sweeps Grammys, while Lil Nas X and Lizzo win big. via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. via #gold #silver #goldprice #bullion #preciousmetals #dollar #Fed 
Hillary has some great advice for Bernie🤣🤣🤣🤣😉😉😉😉😉Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The Boeing 747 Turns 50 
According to @MarketWatch, I should retire to the Mount Vernon-Anacortes, Washington area. 
Freaking GREAT! I LOVE this site !! :P 
Looks like that #evacuation flight from Wuhan China is going to land in Ontario. (ONT) with a fuel stop in Anchorage (ANC) - hasn't landed for pickup yet. (Reminder I block the cuckoo conspiracy folks) #nCov2019 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
I'll get these out early today because of the trial. I sure wish he'd disappear... Satire Tweet 1 () " ‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk" 
New: GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial by @lindsaywise 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Is that? Is that possibly a spine forming in the @SenateGOP caucus? Are some people actually thinking about putting country before party? I'm not going to believe it until I see it with my own eyes 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
😂😂Must admit, didn't see this one coming: 
Dallas News Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses opin( for the Good #impeachedTrump 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Talking about tech CEO’s calls to be regulated on today’s TNB pod: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Haha! If only. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Tick, tick, tick... #nationaldebt #debt #deficit via 
Trump Administration Strikes at California’s Abortion-Coverage Mandate... via 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching #ImpeachmentTrial 
Paid way too much! 
@LadyNaturalist Also: 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost vía 
Some Iowa voters are expressing anxiety about making sure they pick a nominee who could unseat Donald Trump 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@anticorruption @TIIndonesia is paying a "record fine" a good enough deterrent? 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus 
Trial Witnesses? Sen. McConnell says GOP doesn't have the votes to block them. via 
This skirmish victory was accomplished not by the Democrat impeachment managers alone, but also by my colleagues at @chkbal and folks at @ProjectLincoln and @gtconway3d and many more reasonable Republicans. 
Astros Fire Trash Can Responsible For Sign-Stealing Scandal 
@JoeBags720 I can totally see this happening: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
No one Liked Killary either so what's she yapping about. Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The same WHO than named Mugabe its 'goodwill ambassador' just two years ago? That WHO? Well, I have full trust in their opinion then. 
Great work .@realDonaldTrump ! Great tax cuts! Passing on the pain to the rest of U.S. #MAGA2020 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@GrannyDeebieGG @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Ignore the Fake Climate Debate - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Satire Tweet 2 () "Ink-Splattered Trump Boys Counter Media Bias By Hand-Printing Own Newspaper In White House Basement" 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere #MAGA #TRUMP 
I think the worst sinners are murderers, child molesters and men like Jim Bakker who use God to control and con people out of their money. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
@realDonaldTrump Still not ratified by Canada and will come into effect 90 days after last country ratifies. So what are they celebrating. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Call me daddy. (Today, I arrived at the airport at 15:20 for a 19:45 flight 😎) 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion: Your daily economics newsletter from The Wall Street Journal. 
UK elects to let in the tech equivalent of coronavirus. via 
"Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Their Shoulders" 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 😂😂😂😂 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
This may be too good to be true but I am cautiously hopeful! 
The #robots are trying to get deeper into your grocery order. #Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers #supplychain #logistics #procurement #manufacturing 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever #MAGA #TRUMP 
“House Democrats Use Defense Team's Arguments Against Trump in Tax Returns Case” It’s almost as if...that were the plan. Deep, deep respect for the the Dems here. SOMEBODY is playing chess and it ain’t the Trump team. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker? WTF? And I suppose that trump had his favorite Bible verses printed on the tip of his penis &amp; Stormy Daniels had a reading device of some sort in her vagina! 
We are living in evil times, and last days.😢First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Grocery store pharmacies are struggling via #Rx #pharma 
Tch, since hasn't posted this, it's my time to shine. 
Semester At Sea Students Steal Anchor For Dorm Room 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
@CNN @cnnbrk You’ll make a nice couple #Bee #CNNFakeNews @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr ❤️❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
: 3M Cuts More Jobs Amid U.S. Manufacturing Slump via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
1) "As a former naval aviator, people used to ask me what the most dangerous part of ejecting out of an airplane was. My answer - the helicopter ride back to the ship after they fished you out of the water." 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
hahahah oh my god. amazing 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Just like @Jim_Bakker was doing with Jessica Hahn🙄 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
That's going to make it SO MUCH WORSE when nothing matters 
@paulosaelias @claudioedantas Fogo de palha.. What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation # #comedy 
“La­tency ar­bi­trage raises costs for in­vestors by mak­ing every­one in the mar­kets less likely to post com­pet­i­tive price quotes for stocks...That, in turn, means in­vestors get slightly worse prices when­ever they buy or sell shares, traders say.” 
Tech: Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds 
Aaaaaaahahahahahaha! That’s the funniest thing that I’ve heard today! 
@Ziggy_Daddy @UneducatedGeni1 Trump bankrupting America, not making it great again. Trump's scute business sense is crap.Trump making America great again is a joke. 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
knocking it out of the park today...🤣 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
New Jersey’s Economic Development Authority will change how the agency makes money after a state task force raised concerns about a potential conflict of interest 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) I’ve never tied a shoelace before- I’ve always had Velcro- is this how it’s done??😂 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
‘How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies’ 
More news of trillion dollar companies investing in carbon + climate solutions: @Microsoft plans to invest $1bn as part of a wider climate commitment. The time is NOW for environmental investing. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests @wsj 
Travel Barriers Rise as WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response - The Wall Street Journal 
Why does convicted "Christian" fraudster Jim Bakker (better known as Tammy Faye's ex-husband) still have a public platform? (Yes, I know is parody 'news,' but that doesn't negate my question.) 
Stacey Abrams Still Living In VR Simulation Of Alternate Reality Where She Won Georgia Election | 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
#Democrats Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
President Trump's Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents 
The U.S. is deploying a carrier strike group and a number of bombers to the Middle East to serve as a deterrent to Iran via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Having experienced a stitch-inducing avocado injury over the summer, take heed of this article! Friends, use a butter knife or even a specially purposed plastic serrated tool if you must. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring #humor #comedy 
We need a #BalancedBudgetAmendment ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@newtgingrich⁩ ⁦@Heritage⁩ ⁦@CatoInstitute⁩ ⁦@pgpfoundation⁩ ⁦@AFPhq⁩ 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
"U.S. podcast advertising revenue was about $678 million in 2019," #Podcasts 
All 🇺🇸 institutions are infiltrated by Chinese spies, including @Harvard @Yale @Stanford @Jkylebass @SecPompeo @HuXijin_GT @realDonaldTrump @EconCulture @thomsonreuters @SSRoachUSChina @BandyXLee1 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Another Bee BINGO 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
: U.S. Targets Phone Companies for Allegedly Aiding Robocallers 
markets: Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Finally, #CNN going to be legit! 🤣🤣🤣 
@indivisible_brd @realDonaldTrump Yippeee. Bring on Hunter and Joe. The Biden investigation is gonna happen because the Democrats demanded it after all. What’s the next move President Trump is gonna make the Democrats do on his behalf? 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
The Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas 
Really ? So he paid Stormy $130,000 to listen to the gospel ? You want us to believe that crock of bull ? 
Managing the Transition to Industry 4.0: Survey #futureofwork #industry40 #automation #CXOs #climatechange via @DeloitteUS 
@WillDarrell @_Mississipp1_ @Liz_Cheney @RepAdamSchiff And Biden implicates Obama in his scheme 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
@iwelsh If she's feeling the urge imagine Bill: Bill v Bern. Popcorn. 
A year old, but still a good example of what people will make up to cover for you... 
Sweatshirt String Emerges Triumphant After Harrowing Journey Through Hood 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
#CrookedGOP #senate doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Trump goes down. Nixon resigned about this time during Watergate. GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
WHO BETTER THAN TRUMP TO GUIDE US INTO BANKRUPTCY... After all, he has experience with multiple bankruptcies. Walking away from debts. Stiffing the average person with the bill. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Here your go @jCdaniels and @maseballard 
Mandy Ginsberg is one of my personal heroes, a formidable leader and inspiring role model especially for ambitious women in tech. Happy she's putting her health first! #leanin #match #tinder 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | The Gospel According To Raw Dog. 
Promises kept. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Cross-border travel between Hong Kong and mainland China will be cut back significantly due to coronavirus, with measures expected to start Thursday and continue until further notice 
Ok now...  “He was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them, so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life and how He could also save her from her sins.” 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Trump's impeachment defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Here are the Common Myths Associated with GMOs and the Facts That Refute Them: 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero 
@TomBevanRCP @benshapiro It’s satire. 
Private-equity-owned gastrobar Bar Louie has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after closing 38 restaurants and arranging to sell its remaining locations to the chain’s lenders. 
Google and Amazon using their sheer monopoly to hurt smaller speaker company Sonos is yet another example of the consequences of tech being too big. I’d like @janschakowsky to take a closer look. 
Report: Bananas Still Most Popular Fruit For Pretending To Receive Phone Call 
@realDonaldTrump So sad. Better get out the Pikes! 
Rest in Peace, Kobe Bryant and daughter, Gianna. What a tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Bryant family and the families of all victims. Apparently bad fog and poor visibility are to blame. Fly safe, friends. 
Answering my own Q: he specifically mentioned refi in Sept 2019, two weeks after a Stephen Moore op-ed in the suggesting it: 
The post was deleted several hours later after the Clinton team realized it was scheduled a day early. 
Just say no! CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
With casings made in rose gold, these watches have a decidedly rosier outlook. 
@mysillyplanet ....As Stock Market Crashes Trump Does Nothing to Allay Virus Fears...... ....."US markets closed down sharply overnight. The Dow Jones Industrial Index (INDU) fell 454 points".... #TuesdayMotivation #TrumpsMarket #tuesdayvibes 
Well gosh. "McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Trump dealing w Netanyahu and Gantz and presenting a BS plan without even sellout Palestinian participation is parody of what the US and Israel have done for decades. Reminds me of piece about US forming its own UN: 
As were you when you were accused of raping Jessica Hahn. #ReligiousCharlatan #Crook #adulterer 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
@SenatorMenendez So true!! 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
This one was from the House hearings, but I was sick &amp; didn't tweet it. It'll work great today. Substitute Senate for House Satire Tweet 3 () "GOP Turns Dozens Of House Democrats Away From Impeachment For Failing To Provide Adequate Voter ID" 
Heard of Occam's Razor, "Reverend" @JimBakkerShow? Donald Trump takes a porn star into a hotel room. Besides, Donald Trump couldn't explain the Gospel. Ask him to. Jim Bakker: 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With Porn Star' 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns via 
These are the facts:👇😂🤣 
We'll see, not holding my breath. 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
This should prove to everyone how much religionists NEED to fool themselves in order to keep their faith. So much for standing for truth and all that... Religion really MUST be the 'opiate of the masses'...because this eejit sounds like he's HIGH!! 🤣 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Wedding Guest Blissfully Unaware She Barely Made The Cut 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
"The millennial can be kept comfortable in the basement while the mother decides if she wants to keep them. But that's between her and her doctor." "Her basement, her choice," he added. 
😂😂😂😂😂 You better believe we will! 
Unintended Perk of the Online Mattress Boom: Never-Ending Free Trials - 
⁦@senatemajldr⁩ said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said. He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he did not show it to senators. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally Thank you Lord for proven to the Devil Worshipping Media that Conservatism is a more intelligent path. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@DcR70604517 @standen_paul @Reuters you should buy one of the new AR-16's... 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses They better find them. End this farce. 
@DrJIsrael @_AlvinChristian Ha, and this classic: 
Is this a plan of self-security for the duo (Trump &amp; Netanyahu) or a plan of peace in the Middle East? #PPOL514 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #CNN 
: a335617a-3554-43e5-a524-2afe3bee38c1 
Two compliance chiefs speak out about the link between organizational culture and compliance. Hint: it's stronger than you think. 
He's the wokest 
Hey @DirectorArketer. How about this? New law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
@JarradKushner @AmbJohnBolton John Bolton Stays Up Late Nuking All The Peaceful Countries In 'Civilization VI' | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments. Complicated by Bolton Reports President’s team expects Tuesday’s session to last for only a couple of hours. 
(2/5)Today the says Airbus SE’s penalty could be several times the size of the Rolls-Royce fines. #fines 
So the gospel is Toad from Mario Kart?? 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard via 
The only ones tampering with the elections, past and future: the democrats. Let’s see how many thousands of “lost” ballots suddenly show up in an obscure place with democrats votes on them like 2016. We the people, need to supervise democrats. 
"It just doesn't make much sense for this country that shouldn't even exist to ban us," she said. "What have we ever said against them, besides suggesting they are terrorists who deserve to be pushed into the sea?" 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid #witnesses 
I inherited two of my grandmothers furs this year. They’re stunning. If you don’t want your grandmother’s fur coat, I’ll take it. 
5G Technology By The Numbers 
Important public health announcement 
@BuddyWinston @SPEAKUPJULIA Did you see this article? 🤣 
Sounds good to me! Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals 
Staffers of color on Buttigieg’s campaign have raised concerns about a lack of involvement in decision making, especially as they look to win over minority supporters. 
India is raising barriers to U.S. tech companies. “One of the lessons they draw from China is that protectionism can work.” via 
Actual expert too boring for TV! Dr. Vanak @abi_vanak, you should seriously consider a lavender silk tie. 😉 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
What a fuckwit. ⁦@HonTonyAbbott⁩ “He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world . . . in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does.“ #auspol 
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Outbreak Tests Faith in Global Economy 
Tech giants are facing a reckoning at home over the housing shortages, traffic, and inequality that accompany their growth. ⁦@realrobcopeland⁩ &amp; I report from San Jose, Calif. on tensions over plans for a Google HQ2 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
As always, the new series takes place within the United Federation of Planets, a utopian intergalactic society that apparently exists somehow without the... 
Much like Brexit itself, plans for a Brexit museum haven’t exactly gone smoothly. “It’s been a bit hit and miss.” via 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
@DianaLogue2 It sounds like it, and like he won't be alone. 
"The researchers estimate 50,413 avocado-related knife injuries occurred from 1998 to 2017, with more than half of them—27,059—happening since 2013." via 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office #reality #people 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial: 
Green-Bond Trading Is Going Electronic - 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. - Wall Street Journal 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
@ailworth “They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” said @charlesdalyMD1 @emoryuniversity, who co-authored the study.' @ailworth @wsj #SuperBowl 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
@realDonaldTrump: "Impeachment? Sure, why not. Impeach me. I love it!" ❤💙 @SpeakerPelosi: "Well, we're going to show him a thing or two by forcing him to stay in the White House &amp; finish out his term." 🤣😂 
@nitinbhatia121 If coronavirus news isn't a trigger for the market, then how can US market and stocks like Alphabet and apple got declined, as their market is less prone to manipulation. 
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office- some light hearted humour which I urge people to not take seriously 
This is a mistake. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects The People: Should we have more spending or tax cuts Congress: 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Vale said it couldn’t have known the dam was at risk. But it knew. It had even calculated how much it would have to pay in compensation. 
@WeAreCyclingUK @transportgovuk This one never ages 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt 
@nandron Definitely depends on your politics to an extent but I get a kick out of stuff like this 
A frankly astonishing decision by the UK. It’s telling how little success the US is having with this campaign - shows lack of credibility/regard for US &amp; amount of corrupt influence PRC wields: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Nation Accused Of Sexism For Rejecting Successful Businesswoman Cruella De Vil As Presidential Candidate | 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
@paulportesi This may also be relevant 
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to REIT Stocks - The Wall Street Journal 
For a company transitioning to providing services, it appears that device sales are still buoying revenues. Also interesting to see how many people may not buy the first 5G iPhones. #BCNMI 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Liberal @Harvard has a professor with ties to China which may have sold out his own country: #tuckercarlsontonight #tucker #treason 
@JohnCornyn @Yahoo Any and every excuse to hide the truth. It's too long, it's too short. The House didn't go to the courts, the House is taking too long, the House didn't take long enough. Do your job John. #WitnessesAndDocuments #CoverupCornyn 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Oh is that what banging a porn star is called ? Sharing the gospel huh?😂😂 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Via ⁦@KonradPutzier⁩ ⁦⁩ #cre #realestate #proptech 
#Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby #MAGA #IMPOTUS 
They wonder why we are leaving. Priests diddle children and hear each other's confessions and forgive their own sins. Bishops and Cardinals move pedo priests around and cover up. The only sin they ever talk about is abortion. So done with them. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
The independent workforce is increasingly being tapped for highly skilled, larger strategic project work 
» Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever | 
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis via 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
Grocery chains are using smaller warehouses called fulfillment centers to reduce crowding in stores #CRE #grocery #warehouse 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
⁦@GOP⁩ thanks for largest deficits EVER and most corrupt @potus EVER!!! ⁦@GOPrepublicans⁩ ⁦@HouseGOP⁩ @fox&amp;friends ⁦@foxnewsalert⁩ ⁦@foxnewstalk⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@nytimes⁩ ⁦⁦@dcexaminer⁩ ⁦@washingtonpost⁩ 
Cant tell if this is partially true #SexTrafficking First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution di 
At today’s GOP conference meeting, Gardner, McSally and Tillis—who face competitive races in the fall—addressed their colleagues. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks. 
After the global economy grew at its slowest rate last year since the financial crisis in 2008, the housing market is suspected to face an unexpected decline #cherribi #zohor 
TPG In Talks To Reduce Stake In $32 Bln Credit-Investing Arm - 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
Good points. Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ 
"Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" BTS 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
BREAKING: AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Sadly, this is true. 
I'm late to the game, but did a better double endorsement a few years ago: 
The president's defense was adequate, but absent Pam Bondi's presentation, they never explained why the Bidens justified the president's actions. Hence the collapse among GOP fence sitters on calling witnesses. I predicted it and now it is coming true! 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Rally in #DesMoines Thursday: Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at #Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting. #iacaucus #Trump2020 
The problem with this is that you are a fake Christian like those fake Christians that follow you. In fact lets put it all our there, you are a fake man. Pretty much you are fake everything. 
.⁦⁩ nails it again: Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
"It's tragic that we live in a country where reporters who are just minding their own business trying to push a narrative can have everything ripped away from them in an instant when protesters refuse to shoot at people." 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism - We should watch from afar. 
Hilarious 😂 
"At press time, Buttigieg had resorted to doing his campaign’s 'High Hopes' dance in an effort to stay warm." 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
@SenMcSallyAZ @timkaine Veterans can't trust Martha McSally, who only cares about herself, any more than they can trust her master Donald Trump. We apologize. 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
The White House is scrambling to respond to former aide John Bolton’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
@USMC_Razorback @jgpetruna @SenFeinstein Wrong. Witnesses are going to happen. :) And THAT is when it all hits the fan. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Luckily, I got a lesson from the great @InduSLev -- who showed me: 1) split it in half; 2) stab only the seed so it gets stuck on the blade, then yank it out; 3) use spoon to scoop out the goods. 
Who knew? In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
There's always that one asshole at the show who yells "Play 'Shake My Sillies Out'!" 
Former band geeks now in the workplace. My heart: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
"You're still too low level ..." The final minutes of Kobe Bryant's fatal helicopter ride revealed concerns over altitude and visibility. 
"Mr. Martínez-García said there is a point at which lowering long-term interest rates can no longer effectively prop up residential investment. “We might be reaching that point,” RBA: "Huh"?? 
Many major broadband companies are dishonest about the speed consumers need and the speeds they're actually capable of. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' #satire #fakenews 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Governor Blackface Klansman: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
The Wall Street Journal: Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science. 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say... this sounds like bullshit to me @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@impeach_mf @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Shame on you GOP No loyalty You think Dems R going 2 help you 
"When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with." 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Shilpa Yarlagadda started her fine jewelry company, Shiffon, in her Harvard dorm room. It’s become a celebrity favorite and she’s using half of the profits to fund female-led companies around the world—and she hasn’t even graduated yet: 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
@katewillett Ya think? 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
This makes no sense at all. Why would the tenured chair of Harvard’s chemistry department lie to the NIH about receiving funding from China? 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses What happened to "Dead on arrival," you lying piece of crap. McConnell, you and Romney both need to make it formal and switch parties. You're both Democrats !! 
Just me, trying to enjoy my day off and get errands done... Two President's currently the subject of criminal proceedings, one who just almost went to war with Iran, announce a 'two-state' plan that also annexes significant portions of one state's land... 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign ⁦@CNN⁩ all I can say is.....Dumbasses 
💣💣💣💣💣💣💣.... GOP failed you get enough votes to block #impeachment witnesses.. #Trump #prison 
We always love a good weekend getaway! When is the last time you went to Austin? 
@gaijingirl2004 This is even better: #Bernie2020 #MedicareForAll 
Aww shitcheah!! I hope that He carved all of the logos from all of the albums. Otherwise, I gotta say that God isn't a true Crüehead. And if He slipped in a few Van Halen flying VHs, I'm okay with that. We all get bored. 
Geez. The man guilty of the BIGGEST MEDICARE FRAUD IN HISTORY is accusing someone else of ugly behavior? Repugnikants have no shame. Tailor made ad for Facebook.&gt;Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
, 2009: "Rattner, was one of the [Obama] administration's wealthiest officials. His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million." 
Good advice! Just say no to #CoronaVirus! 😂 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
@GHOSTRIDERNOMAD Perhaps you should read his sworn testimony closely. You know, as in under oath! Something your precious Trump won't allow any of his staff to do! 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Child Who Just Lost Balloon Begins Lifelong Battle With Depression 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 😂😂😂 
The news reports are going to miss the key part: this had to go for a vote in Parliament. The decision hasn't been made and MPs are going to be quite embarrassed voting for Beijing 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
It would be funny if it weren't so believable. Trump could kill a senator during the trial, and they'd still vote 53-47 to acquit ... or 52-47 if he killed a Republican. Here's hoping Trump chooses to shoot Mitch McConnell! 
FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
“He’s one of my closest friends,” Sen. Jim Inhofe (R., Okla.) said of Mr. Bolton three weeks ago. “It’s kind of unusual and uncomfortable for me because…I have the president I dearly love and I have the guy they fired, so that’s awkward.” 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Because we have a Canadian Artist Visiting: Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Did not realize this was an article until I opened it 🤷🏼 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe DTrump was sharing the Gospel with Stormy Danielle and Lev Parnas..... With the Ukraine scandal he wanted Ukrainian president to get saved. 
Managing the psychological contagion from Wuhan may be the most important task for U.S. policy makers, writes @HolmanJenkins 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@pavanvan Goddamn, I can barely go back to the old and see how funny it used to be: 
Schiff is actually warning us that the American people might have a say in the election how about that 
Wild. 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal 
A man who knows whereof he speaks. 
LMFAO😂😭🤣😭😂 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Tragedy Mask Clearly Jealous Of Comedy Mask 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
The Wall Street Journal has dug into the ways information overload and stress can affect your health and relationships and the best ways to clear your mind. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Pro-Life Demonstrator Clearly Using Image Of Subway Chicken Enchilada Melt On Anti-Abortion Poster 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@barr_chicken @MysterySolvent Ask what? Are you deaf... listen to old Joe daddy explain it to you! 
: 0c1fcc81-7b61-4b4b-8a54-ce0f262e68ad 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
British Airways cancels all flights to and from mainland China as coronavirus spreads and governments begin evacuating citizens 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
I remember some other evangelical preacher back in the ‘90s using this excuse when he got caught with a prostitute. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
.@80k_0k8 - It appears that Gorsuch doesn’t understand the injunctions or the chaos that will come from not issuing them. of 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
The last flight of Kobe Bryant's life: 
: 203791b6-825a-4565-9667-bb657361451f 
"Baseball is unsure of how to compete with constant outrage for people’s free time. They’ve reportedly tasked top academics to come up with an argument that the designated hitter rule is racist to get people yelling about it again." 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak 
@AbbVie, @Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via @Merck @JNJNews #2019nCoV #Wuhan #coronavirus 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
I would like to hear @StormyDaniels assessment of this. I don't think @JimBakkerShow was actually there. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Oh thank goodness. That makes TOTAL sense now. Hail Trump! 
Socialist logic. 
@jfg1984 @ryanstruyk @jaketapper Still one of the darkest things the has ever done: 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Welcome to uncontrolled exponential increase in the national debt. 
Kenneth%20Copeland%20In%20A%20Real%20Pickle%20After%20Audience%20Member%20Names,%20Claims%20His%20Private%20Jet 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Letters:Don’t Bash Trump Trade Policy Without a Solution.. “Reading Robert B. #Zoellick’s anti-tariff arguments, I kept waiting 4 his alternative solutions,which weren’t forthcoming.He doesn’t have one except the same old FAILED approach! #Trump, #Trade, 
Looking to find time for fitness during the work day? Enjoy these tips from a source you should recognize. 
Diverging electability arguments: Warren is pitching herself as the unity candidate who can bridge the party's divides. Bernie says he’s best prepared to beat Trump specifically because he is not trying to win over centrist Dems. w/ @elizacollins1 
Women held 50.04% of U.S. jobs last month, the first time since 2010 that women surpassed men on payrolls. # 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. via 
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin 
Nike’s website sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise in the wake of the basketball superstar’s sudden death, the sportswear giant said, rebutting media reports it had pulled the products 
California Builds Wall To Stop People From Leaving 
Bolton, Pompeo, Mulvaney, &amp; Barr, &amp; Pence should come up &amp; testify under oath. Cant wait to see the outcome and the face of Donald J Trump! Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
It’s interesting #MoscowMitch won’t release the whip count... 
The president’s lawyers don’t realize that they are not participating in an Article III trial. 
@NHGOP @realDonaldTrump @WINRED Sorry, I need to save my money to help pay down the national debt. 
.@wsj: "Chemistry, nanotechnology, polymer studies, robotics, computer science, biomedical research—... a small sample of #China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off #American technology and know-how for Chinese gain.” #Harvard #Communism #IntellectualProperty 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To Pay For Medicare For All With The Power Of Love And Friendship | 
Tatcha founder Victoria Tsai on her new Smurf-blue balm and the trick to a perfect cat-eye via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
@WillDarrell @_Mississipp1_ @Liz_Cheney @RepAdamSchiff Take time to read through our time line and research the facts on your own...you will see you are being lied to 
: cf3dea8c-3f4d-4db7-9814-aaa6cdc07fbd 
ROFL. TOO MUCH TRUTH IN THIS SATIRE. 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... 
Who saw this coming? BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist - h/t ⁦@GeraldoRenata⁩ 
Imagine not buying bitcoin lol 
Wait. I thought trump was going to pay this off? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Actually it is kinda fun. The problem with it is that most of the outrage memes are developed by hackers. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
The coronavirus outbreak in China is prompting worries about the impact on the global auto industry, which has established a major manufacturing footprint in and around Wuhan 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Republicans are no longer the party of fiscal conservatives. When they slash safety nets, they do it out of cruelty instead of the guise of concern for spending. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' #MAGA #TRUMP 
Talent, training, automation and cybersecurity emerge as top concerns for tech executives responding to CIO Journal’s end-of-year survey via #IBMWORKDAYCANADA 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Avg property tax bill in US ~$3,500, w many residents in #NewYork, #NewJersey, #Connecticut &amp; #California well over $10,000/year. In #WestchesterCounty, NY, avg property-tax bill &gt;$17,000, highest in US. #MondayThoughts #realestate #taxes #housing 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
People everywhere are really tired of this couple...REALLY tired. Clintons Outnumber Crowd At Latest Speaking Engagement 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
January 21, 1981 
Quench Bio to Tackle Inflammatory Diseases With $50 Million #biotech #startups via VC 
The John Bolton Report - “The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows.” 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The problem with republicans is they are more reasoned than partisan. Every single time the dems act foolish the reps just take them seriously instead of stopping it. I hope the reps are as partisan in the senate as the dems were in the house. 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
#ImpeachmentTrial: ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ says @GOP doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses, reports . 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Love this 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
@MikeW95352304 @dbongino If by fantastic you meant, she brought the limelight to Kushner and Ivanka, then... yes she made great points 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades| the Kushner/trump plan favors Netyanahoo? Nooo, say it ain’t so! 
@rachel_r_thomas @PeteButtigieg Same energy: 
We need #witnesses McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@AliceAvizandum Every single time there’s upsetting news 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
“Nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense — You cannot turn conduct that is not impeachable into impeachable conduct simply by using words like quid-pro-quo and personal benefit.” 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 😂 
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF-OF-LIES... Trump’s behind the drips and drabs of info on the seriously injured. An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said 
I have questions. 
Alabama has made some strides adding correctional and mental-health staff in recent years, but inmate homicides and the prison population are rising. via 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES... 
At a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
This is still one of my favorite ⁦⁩ posts - featuring Kobe 
@Chinchillazllla @NastyWoman1012 @BernieSanders "This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency." 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
I'm waiting for one of them to announce a burning of the vanities. 
@AliceAvizandum Always this one 
@ChrisCuomo if Greta wants to be part of the conversation, folks are gonna talk about her and to her. 
Wall Street Journal Reporting that McConnell does not have the votes...yet. Still plenty of time for the Rs to do the wrong thing. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
The biggest scandal of our time 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Be a rebel. 
Schiff actually did say something scarily similar to this. But then that's what makes good satire. 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Louis Vuitton’s Dip Doesn’t Herald End of Luxury Boom - The Wall Street Journal 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Red teams operate in high-stress and high-risk environments and often have only colleagues to fall back on for support, veterans say 
@miriamgottfried Here's the full story: 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Imagine if the American People were to choose the President (Trump) in 2020...oh Horrors for the Left ;) Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
#GOP doesn't have enough votes to block #witnesses 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@WillDarrell @Liz_Cheney @_Mississipp1_ @RepAdamSchiff Wrong. The Aid was delivered LONG before the "Legally Defined Date to send the aid" Now Google what Obama gave as aid? Blankets &amp; MREs 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
: f99ce8c5-36a2-4678-be9a-24a6dcc6fb62 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data: "You’re still too low level for flight following at this time.” via 
Greed is not good. Never. Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Not everyone comes to the USA to work, a lot want the freebies just like US citizens, easy money. 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Joe Biden Vows To Launch NASA Mission To Explore Your Personal Space | 
Billionaires Try to Shrink World’s Population, Report Says - The Wealth Report - 
If anyone is under the delusion that the Wall Street Journal is a fair and unbiased news source, check out their homepage and you may notice that trumps impeachment trial literally appears nowhere among the top headlines, what a joke: @wsj #TrumpIsGuilty 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
: 35a13bef-be17-4caa-bdf4-f98b16f4aaaa 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Francisco Partners is in the market for capital and aims to raise more than $5 billion for a new buyout fund focused on technology 
Companies That Make or Own Flight Simulators Are The Unlikely Winners From Boing’s 737 MAX Debacle: #Aviation #Aircraft #MCAS 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers. Is it ever acceptable to go barefoot on a flight? 
“At publishing time, Paul had decided he would try democratic stepping on a rake, where his friends all vote on whether he steps on the rake, and then he steps on it and smacks his face.” 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via the fact that CBO projections often go awry is not much comfort 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade via 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Meadows Accuses Democrats of Orchestrating Bolton Book Leak via 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
The White House has grown concerned about two more GOP senators voting for witnesses: Toomey and Portman. “From last week to today, the appetite for witnesses went from ducks after bread to sharks chasing blood,” a GOP aide said. w/@siobhanehughes 
“Fiscal conservatives” The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
: Top 5 Most Hilarious Christian Comedies Of All Time 
Can't tell anymore if this is parody or real Democrat policy: Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
In major deal, the Babylon Bee purchases competing satire site CNN. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
During the 2019 regular season, an average of 16.5 million people tuned in to watch NFL games, according to Nielsen data cited by the league, making it the most-watched season since 2016. via 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@JustinWingerter Given that Cory apparently asked fellow senators to keep the trial short, I doubt he’s open to witnesses at all. 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems @senatemajldr @GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@realDonaldTrump gotta get this fixed big papi 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Netflix Really Chills 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
It's an old article on a relevant topic. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 🤣🤣🤣 
Redbone was one of the first Native-American rock bands in the album era. Can you name their big hit? 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Kobe Bryant's venture firm reflected his ethos, an investor said. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
⁦@BernieSanders⁩ &amp; ⁦@joerogan⁩ Sharing a Heart-Attack Sandwich and Bag of Aspirin. #Bernie2020 #ElizabethWarren #IowaYangGang ⁦@QTAnon1⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ 
Outrage replaces Baseball as America's national pastime 🤣 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
This would be hilarious as an article. 
Marine Biologists Train Highly Intelligent Octopus To Profitably Manage Mid-Size Aluminum Goods Supplier 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via @SNarayan1990 @udaimehta 
Target CIO Helped Retailer Find Its Tech Groove. Focus on speedy software development, in-house IT staff fueled company’s tech turnaround. 
: still got it. 
.@potus @realdonaldtrump unveals his Middle East Peace Deeeeeeeeeeeel: "I gave @Netanyahu what he wants because he named a train station after me. I told the Palestinians to fuck off because they're Arabs. It's the biggest deeeeeeeeel ever!!" via 
This is encouraging! 👇👇👇👇 
Seems timely 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@jeanlucpeakhard Not unlike the Phoenix burbs 
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory 
Saudi Prince Courted Amazon’s Bezos Before Bitter Split. 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott: He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world — in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does. 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers ⁦⁩ #NYC #NewYork #NewYorkCity #RealEstate #Housing 
Ouch. Academic stupidity of highest order. @Harvard professor arrested for fudging funding coming from China in the aftermath of #coronavirus . 
On Tuesday's front page: China's coronavirus rattles global markets. "Uncertainty like this causes people to step back and reassess the amount of risk they’re taking." 
Absolutely brilliant move. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus - 
i have been laughing about this for days 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Mar 19, 2015 Hillary Clinton Ukrainian connections. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
“I have no life,” Mr. Gratteri said in his soft Calabrian accent. He travels between his home and office in a bulletproof car and rarely goes anywhere else. He hasn’t been to the beach or to the cinema in over 20 years.” 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | ... like Killary does :-p 
The greatest threats to liberal democracy are internal—illiberalism, ethnic nationalism and loss of confidence, writes @BillGalston vía 
Durable goods orders surged a strong 2.4% in December, but capital goods investment were down when defense and aircraft were stripped out. via 
#Venezuela Did Trump let Putin win? 
: 1c4f8070-8f9b-4579-b8a3-36b90a6137cd 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN LOL! But honestly, CNN does great satire...b/c they never report real news. 
The Silicon Valley experiment: Can Google expand dramatically in San Jose without ruining traffic and jacking up housing prices? 
@nickdothutton It's 1999 again 
“Those people have all the social utility of a bunch of rats admitted to a granary.” Charlie Munger 'Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says' 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Americans voices matter. Polling be driving Senators to do the proper thing by Americans and call witnesses. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
I now go to the website daily for news as satire is now truth. 
I’m hard pressed to think of anyone less credible than Bolton. 
NATO aims to boost number of training &amp; military advisory personnel in Iraq in response to Pres Trump’s call for alliance to do more in Middle East, rpts: 
Kobe Bryant Was Michael Jordan for Today’s NBA Players - #DRJAMESKEOUGH #KobeBryant #KobeBryantRIP #KobeHero 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN ... 
Evidence for CCP setting up bio weapons lab #WuhanCoronovirus 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
What does it take to overcome life’s adversities? The secrets of resilience via 
So , Gospel is the Evangelical word for semen? It gives an entirely new meaning to the expression "spreading gospel". 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
A shonda for the Yalies. 
@MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
.@FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati talks to the about moving parts behind #Roundup settlement talks by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender 
This was a fun read. I Am Fun 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
In other news... 
#The weighs in about #5G 
- They’re thinking maybe the masses will be so enthralled with this circus display they won’t wonder why legit witnesses aren’t testifying. If I were there I’d call for a mistrial due to a lack of transparency. #SundayThoughts 
Pudgy Doughboy With Rosy Red Cheeks Presses Nose Up Against Window Of Chocolate Shop 
Satire Tweet 2 () "Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ " 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - 
Brutalist Buildings Are Back in Style—Except With Architects Fans celebrate oft-derided style of blockish forms and naked concrete, but designers are leery. #architecturedesign 
President Trump, It’s time to think about your exit from the presidency. 
it's me. they call me. 🙋🏻‍♀️Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
U.S. and Israel will form a joint committee to refine the plan; President says a future Palestinian state depends on a “firm rejection of terrorism” 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Trumpian Economics: U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India - 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
In a sports world in which most jobs, especially high-ranking ones, are still held by men, more than half of the Philadelphia Eagles’ top advisers are female. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@ZelenskyyUa @RudyGiuliani [8] Senate never returned from recess. Tomorrow begins the 16 hours of questioning the prosecution and defense by the Senators. According to the Wall St. Journal, @senatemajldr, McConnell doesn't have the @SenateGOP votes to block impeachment witnesses ( 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Classic : "Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From" 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Lizzo kicked off a somber Grammy awards, saying, ‘Tonight is for Kobe’ via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #hahaha #cnn #donlemon #rickwson 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth #Entrepreneuership #Startups 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
lol I can relate 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
“I don’t care if you’ve got 100 hours or 10,000 hours, it can happen to anyone.” And it did. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys #WhatDoYouThink? 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in #Venezuela Interesting read. 
Lazy Poor Person Has Never Earned #PassiveIncome From Stock Dividends A Day In His Life #Investing #CapitalGains #Satire #Economics #Poverty #OccupyWallStreet #WallStreet 
No one NEEDS a deadly sling. They only belong on the battlefield. We need commonsense sling control. 
#TooBigToFail -&gt; The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
I have some questions. 
Politics Newsletter: The White House confronts a big impeachment X factor, new details about Trump's Middle East peace plan, and Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus" 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
This will crack u up ! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
"We simply can't allow that to happen. We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like. If that means seizing power through a sham impeachment trial, so be it." 
@splatterhouses1 @w_terrence No they weren't. Doesn't fit your trolling though, does it? Lol. Bless your heart. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
100% Great Satire. 
The deputy cyber chief also left the campaign earlier this month alongside his boss Mick Baccio, tweeting from a private account that campaigns were toxic places populated by “ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.” 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
markets: What are 'yield caps' and how do they fit into the Federal Reserve's plans? 
Major win for the rule of law from SCOTUS today. This is another example of the @realDonaldTrump Administration ensuring that those we welcome to our country will be able to contribute to our rocket ship economy. 
Oh FFS I'LL TAKE IT. They're VINTAGE and what better way to honor the animal's life. I can't even with this shit. “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
@MichaelNey19 @ravensspirit68 @elizabe50286054 @Deeenst @fightpaindaily @dr4liberty @Bris516 @ClaireCoppeto @ginger3mello @chelemp @Tootwisted40 @tinwisc @DeeSnutts6 OMG reality is as bad as satire! Father McNett must surely agree with this! 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Cruel Owner Chains Bike Outside In Freezing Weather 
If there's any sanity in the world then all the horror this latest flu outbreak is creating will lead to one singular, massive policy change: a PERMANENT ban on the sale of wild land-animals, dead or alive, in China's food markets. Cannot come soon enough 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
@SenThomTillis @SenateGOP #Coverup ‘..Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman, and Mr. Tillis called impeachment a sham.’ 
Dems%2520Worried%2520If%2520Impeachment%2520Fails%2520They%2527ll%2520Have%2520To%2520Nominate%2520Electable%2520Candidate 
@paulsmithcalvin @realBrentJ @drtraductor @cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Aww, bless your heart. It was in accordance with US policy. 
The explosion of the U.S. space shuttle Challenger, which killed its seven astronauts, took place 34 years ago this week. Seems like yesterday. I was sick and home from school, sitting at the kitchen table with my mom...or was I? 
@meaganmday @Wade_Turnbull You know people who didn't use financial leverage to drive a recession in another EU member state. 
Top story: Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - see more 
markets: China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
@JoshuaLegere @chargrille @bceyre22 @CA_bobby77 @MSL19611 @B_L_Mencken @hfpnygiants @GCForcina @ewarren @SenSanders You do your own research; I'm not your research assistant. 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
Yet again, the "Babylon Bee" shows why it's become America's foremost source of "journalism". Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus - #MARGAUXMONET 
@Mantamanti @marko_ff wait no its from the lmfaoooo 
The House approved articles of impeachment against President Trump on December 18, 2019, then sent those articles to the Senate for a formal trial, a process that has involved a whirlwind of figures from Congress, the legal world, and Trump’s orbit. 
Harvard Chemistry Department Chair charged for allegedly lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
@DonnaFr86776149 @ananavarro Country over party is what I want! I just want the truth, &amp; we need witnesses &amp; docs to get there. 
Virus Fears Rattle Global Markets. Dow drops 454 points and crude oil slumps as spreading disease spooks investors - @karen_langley #frontpagestoday #USA #TheWallStreetJournal #buyapaper 
Get on your knees and pray? 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Antonio Brown Proves He’s Changed Man By Breaking Into Robert Kraft’s House In Middle Of Night To Apologize 
Fox Apologizes After Accidentally Turning On Joe Buck's Microphone | 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Oops. @SenMcSallyAZ and GOP colleagues say the quiet part out loud: They oppose a fair Senate trial with witnesses, because it might hurt their political career. #azsen 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
All the MLB has to do to renew their popularity is sign Colin Kaepernick to a team and then bench him. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it. 
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via 
Oh yeah? Well how did she know what Trump's underwhelming, mushroom- shaped penis look like? What Gospel are you reading? 
Demanding To Know Why He Allowed President Trump To Get Elected, Dems Subpoena God 
“I will personally swim to the bottom of the Pacific and use a golden key inscribed with mysterious runes to unlock Gangthor’s lair, where he has slumbered since the destructive Clean Water Rule of 2015 was issued, ” Trump declared in a recent statement. 
Turns out perhaps Bob Simpson does not turn everything to gold. 
.⁦opinion⁩ my Tuesday column: remember “tribes with flags”? In Lebanon, Iraq and elsewhere, people are tired of tribalism, ready to rally around the flag 
Definitely true in #ATX. Average wage for teachers in child care: $10-14/hour. Just found Indeed posts for dog-walkers: $14-21/hour &amp; $20-30/hour. Guess that show what our community values. Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. - 
Don't mind me. Just talking about Billie Eilish on the Wall Street Journal: 
Rx Fake but true 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. #HFT #highfrequencytrading Why bother when you can #scam like the folks at #seaquake 
Meanwhile, in California... "Real-estate agents and developers have discovered that cannabis can be a powerful marketing gimmick to sell luxury homes" 
@JoeBiden Let's remember how Joe Biden Threatens American Allies.. To Hide Corruption #QuidProQuoJoe #WannaDoPushUps #LetsTakeAnIQTest 
Investors will watch Apple’s earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus 
😂😂 Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Remember: Your Own Political Movement Is Most Accurately Represented By Its Best Members, While The Opposing Political Movement Is Most Accurately Represented By Its Deranged Monsters 
: Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - - DOLLAR FLIGHT? 
Oh The depth and richness of your humor is boundless.. Unrivaled I say... 
A new low in American journalism. Sad and shameful. 
"If an immigrant makes use of a public assistance program such as housing assistance, food stamps or Medicaid- or an immigration officer estimates he or she might in the future- the person could be denied a green card or barred from the U.S. altogether." 
Buttigieg has had trouble attracting nonwhite voters, now his campaign faces personnel issues with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity, via ⁦@tparti⁩, ⁦@dnvolz⁩ 
From 2018 Jim Bakker, member of #TrumpCult, explains reason for Trump's "alone time" with porn star 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
It me- Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
Young Parachurch Missionary Learns ‘Exegesis’ Not The Same As ‘Extra Jesus’ | 
Older, hopefully wiser CIOs are now leading IT at the biggest U.S. corporations via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
is a major influencer now... 
I demand a retraction ! Anyone who knows @NYTimestravel knows that it's "36 Hours" in Marrakech. 
Pretty Obvious Which Sibling Going To Have To Deal With All The Nursing Home Stuff 
Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to #defense dept &amp; National Institutes of Health (@NIH) about his participation in #China’s Thousand Talents Plan, the complaint said. U.S. authorities have raised alarms in particular about the so-called talent programs 
@360q @_EmmaGH @LiYuan6 Wuhan mayor admits systematic enabling of the outbreak: 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@tomleykis Tell that to Jessica Hahn Jim....Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign - @nuzzel 
Case-by-case approvals appeal to politicians' and developers' shared love of cutting deals. But this approach is fundamentally unfair, and results in nowhere near enough homes. 
#Breaking: McConnell says GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses! #SenateImpeachmentTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
““These scientists are going to be so embarrassed when the world doesn’t end in the next minute and forty seconds.” CARA WHEATLEY • WELL SURVEYOR” 
The Trump campaign is planning an ambitious show of force for Iowa's Feb. 3 caucuses 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
"The very serious, negative implications of excessive or poorly managed agglomeration" have nothing to do with agglomeration and everything to do with "excessive or poorly managed" government: @CityofSeattle @sfgov @nycgov. @MarkMuro1 @BrookingsInst 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via --THE JOHN BOLTON REPORT @jjauthor 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
@12Hawk13 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Google and Amazon using their sheer monopoly to hurt smaller speaker company Sonos is yet another example of the consequences of big tech behaving badly. Luckily we have @NCAGO who has been looking into big tech. 
@joshtpm Well spoken, my good fellow, but let me retort: 
ROFL!!! Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
As dairy farmers struggle, a proposed Dean-DFA merger raises concerns. "Absorbing Dean’s operations could give DFA more than 60% share of fluid-milk sales in upper Midwestern markets like Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa..." 
LEOs in attendance shocked that power point still used. First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via #BodyTemperature 
: McConnell lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - ⁦⁩ #TrialsHaveWitnesses 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future   In the decade through 2019, debt levels in sub-Saharan countries excluding South Africa have risen 23 percentage points 09-DEC-2019 :: Time to Big Up the Dosage of Quaaludes 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
The decline of the Catholic Church in Germany has accelerated amid the scandals and growing secularization. According to the church’s latest statistics, 216,078 people left the church in 2018—a leap of 29% from the previous year 
@Colleen33494003 @geofficient @RepAdamSchiff It's EXACTLY what he did... Watch the video and tell me how that's not what he did. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
As the presidential election approaches, concerns about the spread of misinformation on TikTok are growing. Check out this informative video to learn more: #BCSTT 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
The Dems are absolutely terrified. Only trators fear their own people. They know what they did and what will happen next.. #WalkAwayFromDemocratSocialists 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
: John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
EXCELLENT! Do it! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
‘Robert Preven believes his 1948 Indian Chief motorcycle started out as a New York City police vehicle, and restored it to its original grandeur.’ 
This is what @OpenNYForAll is fighting against in SoHo: “ ‘There already is lots and lots and lots of affordable housing,’ Sean Sweeney, 74, a member of the activist group SoHo Alliance, said in an interview.” 
Some of President Trump’s complaints about Europe aren’t new and won’t melt away if he fails to win a second term later this year 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | [Too close to ‘real’ life. Go Bee!] 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
@JoeBiden If you were in charge, "nothing would fundamentally change". -Joe Biden 2019 Link: 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game 
Ok, it's Boomer, but I still laughed. Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
😂 😂 😂 Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@SenSherrodBrown They... Aren't though... Hence the deficit. $1 Trillion in 2020. It will be 98% of GDP by 2030. 
@steph93065 @RepAdamSchiff @realDonaldTrump Hey Steph! What are your thoughts about this? 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant, his daughter and seven others have emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
🤣 Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
bought CNN! 🤣👌👍 It's now the largest satire site on the planet! #FakeNewsCNN 
@johnchalloran @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@GovernorVA You're kind of a joke, Ralph Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology: 
What. A. Shock. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
You're a goddam lie!! 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses WISH THEY DIDNT HAVE THE VOTES TO AQUIT THIS IDIOT! ONLY GOOD NEWS IS WE DONE HAVE TO HAVE PENCE &amp; MOTHER FILL IN 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects $SPY $QQQ $TLT $DIA 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content # #art 
Venezuela: The U.S. has warned officials in Russia, Turkey, the U.A.E. and India about sanctions violations in private meetings, U.S. officials said, but hasn’t moved to blacklist companies or individuals suspected of breaking the sanctions. via 
No phone growth ??????Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
#GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses: 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
A courageous story in a fight that never goes away and hampers our lovely Italy 
Most adults I know don’t want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? But roast it and it can be delicious. 
What does trump keep lying about firing Bolton? #maga @foxnews With John Bolton’s resignation, the White House loses a voice willing to disagree with the President. via 
—Mr. Trump said the plan would rec­og­nize Jerusalem as Is­rael’s un­di­vided cap­i­tal, but that Pales­tini-ans would get a cap­i­tal in “East­ern Jerusalem,” an area he didn’t de­fine.— Hmm...Now where have we heard this before? 
: "Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office projected on Tuesday, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in Federal spending" 
U.S. stocks opened higher as investors parsed efforts worldwide to contain a deadly virus outbreak in China. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Love this in-depth story on the relationship between big tech and California's affordable housing crisis by @malas_n (making a guest appearance from her Nieman fellowship!) and @realrobcopeland 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
It's fair to say that if you grew up in the UK you wouldn't have a romanticized view of canned beans! 
- Join the conversation on @clouthub 
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses 
@SenFeinstein How humiliating is this?! Were you in trouble with Mommy aka @SpeakerPelosi? Did you forget about #QuidProQuoJoe?! The hypocrisy is astounding! I’ve included a reminder for you. #ShamImpeachment Joe Biden Forced# Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
If you're a progressive voter or believe in progressive policies and you are angry at Warren or Sanders for not being in lock step with one another, always remember that they're the same team, because the real enemy certainly won't forget it 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
She also pointed out that if Jews went back to where they came from they'd just go back to Israel, which she doesn't want. "But maybe we could push them into the sea or something." Omar &amp; Tlaib... really wish they'd just govern and stop hating israel 
Personalized learning at collegiate level ⁦@wef⁩ #Davos2020 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
.@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch @FoxNews And Yell At It. 
FDA Investigating Link Between Vaping, Looking Like A Total Cheese Bag | 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
@miriamgottfried Deal between TPG and credit arm TSSP would dissolve ties that have outgrown their usefulness. A "conscious uncoupling" of sorts. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown - The Wall Street Journal 
Maduro’s persistence shows the difficulty of forcing regime change without military force, says a former US ambassador to Venezuela. But military force has its own set of problems. 
@bobclendenin @FloydMcCutcheo1 @brithume U goofed. U didn't mean thumbs-up on my tweet. I tweeted Trump's team showing this clip of biden admitting he w/held aid until Ukraine fired the lawyer investigating biden's son. The clip is a fact that BOOSTS Trump's case. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
The best fake news in the world does it again! 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role as an impeachment manager isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs, where the Democrat won his seat from a longtime Republican incumbent in 2018 
Here's the piece, and thanks again to @marcelo_H_ for being up for the interview. I learned a ton about two very different subjects: immigration and poetry. 
Something other than politics I couldn't think of a better couple to tackle this project Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Apparently our employee band “the Invocans” are in good company... 🤣🤣 @Invoca @holidomeLarry pls tell me you are part of the @salesforce beat box crew! 
My co-worker had her Catalytic Converter Stolen for the Palladium within it. This is insane!! So they just fucked up her car just for metal. She was driving to work and she heard scraping and when she got to work she noticed her muffler was dragging. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
I think the above is the best thing I've ever seen from , co-worker believes it's this 
This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani - Iran was at war for freedom. 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - 
Re Peolsi and @senatemajldr, @wjmcgurn asks why "press treats her as some Machiavellian virtuoso" and he "gets few favorable profiles." Perhaps we see she didn't want to impeach until Trump crossed a line that had to be drawn clearly to protect democracy. 
Perhaps they were discussing how to properly say Corinthians! ⁦@StormyDaniels⁩ what say you? ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ any comment? #ImpeachmentTrials Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
@Veritas_2016 @Theodora500AD @wispylashes @Roadeyez @bearguy51p @OldBabyDave No problem 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Hypocrisy brought to a new level. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Apparently "Sharing the Gospel" is code for Small Penis. 
Donald Trump is definitely the king of debt! This is alarming. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Collapse of the nano-world and worse situation in self-fulling prophecy in trust. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Supreme Court Allows Victims Of Heart Disease, Obesity To Sue Utensil Manufacturer 
Teen Crafting Marketable Persona In Garage Hoping To One Day Win Grammy 
[Another Freeland foreign failure?] "Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner, an administration official said" #cdnpoli 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @DeceptionBytes and fellow #Anons #Bezos girlfriend has been singing...like #AllisonMack #QAnon 
Public Disapproval Of Iran Approach Convinces Trump To Reverse Soleimani Killing 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
#WR: We cannot make speculations until the Bolton's testimony... via 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - - via @shareaholic 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
It is time to close the impeachment and heal the wound from both parties that have been tearing apart since this crazy issue happened. See the link for Joe's confection: 
Hard-hitting piece by the on the child trafficking seminars at #Davos. (Certainly as much truth in this article as anything published by CNN.) 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He’s Trying To Win Election 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Ahhh, in the ancient scroll format. 
@CillizzaCNN This is truer than it should be on a satire sight.😂😂 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
@realDonaldTrump Passengers who want to leave Wuhan will be asked to sign a promissory note TO THE US GOVERNMENT for the cost of the flight, which is expected to be many times the price of a commercial flight from China to the U.S.! 
"Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election." 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
This is SO funny! Had to share. ❤️😊😂😜🥛☕️🇺🇸✨ #SenatorRomney #BYUCreameryChocolateMilkIsTheBest @BYU @SenatorRomney 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election has some catching up to do… 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up wildlife trade and public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat #AnimalRights 
Good morning Twitter! Your Tuesday #InspirationalQuotes comes from Coach @monicaaldama (she’s the Coach of @NavarroCollege Cheer team) “[l]eave it on the mat. Take everything you have and give it all in that one moment.” Article written by @mylestanzer 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Execution of treasonous is the ticket 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via 
@MieteRene @surecantpickem @cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Yes, he stated that, however he was acting on behalf of US policy. 
@godless_mom Oldie but goodie 
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, via 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #Tyranny #Constitution #freedom 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
⁦@frangeladuo⁩ Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Trump's Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Newmont’s push to attract more investors comes after Barrick Gold made inroads with its $6 billion acquisition $NEM $GOLD 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses This is a lie. All one senator has to do is stand up and propose to vote to remove from the office. they vote. and don't get the votes.and we all go home 
@JJDemonic @LissaMarie630 @verycosmic @GlutenAF We are on the same side. I'm just a person, who is stressed out and frantic too. I have deleted and will leave the work of the campaign to the campaigners. I saw this article, and the app it describes has a back-end vulnerability 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Workforce 
News Exclusive | Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger 
AI Helps Spot Dental Fraud. System from startup @hello_pearl flags potentially fraudulent claims, administrative errors. @natehermes @MonicaRMiller @OphirTanz @drkylestanley @GumGum @BHdentistry @helmdds @DrMattNejad @BiomimeticCE @OstrowUSC @AAEDentistry 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
@GOP @IvankaTrump Trump's cuts: $1.5 trillion from Medicaid $845 billion from Medicare $25 billion from Social Security Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Wow.... Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game ⁦⁩ #Miami #Hospitality #CRE 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@PeterTobias8 I havent heard anything about CJR; 
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
Finally, some responsible ownership! 
When I was 11, I played games like Scrabble, read books and watched TV. The world is different now. AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough via #technology 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. via 
: b6f59abf-7393-4bff-a258-cd0353addacf 
GreatFireChina: To avoid censorship, Chinese social media users have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
- Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via And this is why stunts aren't a strategy 
Better safe than sorry 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
“If there are a number of Arab leaders who will say the plan is serious, the plan will have legs regardless of the almost certain Palestinian initial rejection,” Dennis Ross said. via 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The Boeing 747 Turns 50 #humor #comedy 
“I am going on 27 years with this motorcycle. I am going to ride until I can’t ride anymore,” says this owner of a 1948 bike by the iconic Indian Motorcycle company 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response as Travel Barriers Rise 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone #MAGA #TRUMP 
Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports - . ⁦@barstoolsports now valued at $450 million. Wow. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | Just because he had her on her knees doesn’t mean she was praying. Plus, when has 💦💦 been considered to be blessing someone? So many lies to protect him 
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Fund managers have been stung by commodities lately 
😂 This Guy 😆 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Well, to be fair (and not to be crass), he did probably say “oh God, oh God” while he was sharing...the gospel. 😂 ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Very interesting, helpful article fm on #Coronavirus. It is less deadly than SARS, has not mutated, is likely contagious before symptomatic +attacks the lower respiratory system making it particularly tough for old+immune compromised. Much good info. 
This is cute.👍 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Lovely, the Fed might hike tomorrow. Fed Funds has been flat to IOER (1.55%) since the last rate cut. If the Fed was smart they would cut both to 1.50% and get us away from this cockamamey set up of a range centered around 1/8ths. But they're not smart. 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ via 
Cautionary A-hed on avocado-related hand injuries. Be safe out there. 
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to heal rifts opened amid protests and U.S. pressure 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
Lucky’s Market, a specialty grocery chain that is majority-owned by Kroger Co., plans to sell at least some of its few dozen locations to Aldi during a chapter 11 bankruptcy triggered by stiff competition and high costs. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
"We need a President who stands with workers against rapacious corporate greed &amp; relentlessly encourages workers to join the UNION!" —@UNITEHERE11 #unitehere Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute via 
75% of America wants witnesses. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
#Democrats Warn That #American People May Tamper With Next #Election 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Oops! US national debt will rose to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Govt will spend $1tn more than it collects in 2020 &amp; deficits to exceed that amount for at least 11yrs. Budget deficit will be at least 4.3% every year through 2030. via @OlafGersemann 
What do they know that we don’t? ... U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - 
And there it is! I’m now a believe 🤪 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Because of #Democrats' #Russiagate fraud &amp; ongoing anti-Russia ColdWar propaganda, the risk of nuclear war/annihilation has never been greater #Ukrainegate/#Impeachment is about Putin coming to get us #Schiff is more than ridiculously repugnant 
@HouseIntel @RepJerryNadler The harrowing, heartbreaking story. 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
Interesting @RepAdamSchiff is already telling us what they are going to do next with our voting wake up America. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I'm howling here. Perfect!! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter what officials say is a plot by Beijing to mine U.S. universities 
A perfect Fate of Cthulhu scenario. What do you think, @EvilHatOfficial ? 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Hahaha - this is spot on 
Thank you CIA, we love Jeanine Anez! Report: Majority Of CIA Now Ready To Install Female World Leader 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Complain About It 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Opinion: Flashback to 1998 Reveals Democratic Impeachment Double Standard 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses MERKOWSKI YOU NEED TO GET THE HELL OUT OF THE REPUPLICAN PARTY!! 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
“Sanders can be heard promising a highly underprivileged audience everything from a minimum-wage increase to healthcare access to educational opportunities—whatever it takes to get them on his side,in exchange for their votes. 
#KobeBryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career - #MONETCAPITALFUNDING 
#DayofFacts #FactsMatter So Schiff (or his office) did know the Whistleblower's identity when he said publicly he didn't? #TruthMatters always good or bad #JustSayin via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Nothing to see here 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Grim Reaper Stands In Solidarity With Dem Lawmaker Amid Controversial Abortion Comments 
Allowing Huawei, and by extension, the Chinese Communist Government, access to any part of the UK's 5G network is mistake. 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down, according to an internal memo, months before the company is to be spun off 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed vía 
First satellite ever launched without the aid of a standard 22,000-mile cable 😜 😝 #satellite #launch 
“Never before has there been such a force to transcend the sectarian identity”: @AcrossTheBay 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
@airTTU @EmmaVigeland In case you missed this one, which @EmmaVigeland posted recently: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Chip &amp; Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall #maga #buildthewall @magnolia @thebabylonbee 
: bc31bd4a-c8f4-4f44-bfc0-edc0089889fe 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Poll Shows Increasing Number Of Voters Blame Founding Fathers For Starting America 
Sofonisba Anguissola’s ‘The Chess Game’ is cited by scholars as among the first Italian paintings of everyday family life via 
Man, ! That's dark! But true. Authorities Horrified At Woman Who Killed Baby With Meth Instead Of Traditional Brain-Sucking Device 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
The QE-without-investment chickens coming home to roost once again... A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Elizabeth Warren promises to investigate Trump officials after she wins. via 
@aseitzwald @lisabonos @chrismeagher My version of this story was way pre-Tinder 
@Rainmaker1973 @MarsCuriosity reminds me of this... 
Increased trading costs and "billions of dollars a year in profits for a small number of HFT firms and other parties in the speed race." This is exactly what's wrong with @SEC_News' market structure rules. It's time for a change. via @aosipovich 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
FICO scores by generation/age 
"one day after representatives from her party pushed legislation that would allow killing unborn children moments before birth, while the mother is in labor, and even leaving babies to die after being born alive." 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct 
@BernieSanders Socialism has never worked before, but this time is different, right Bernie? #SillyAdultsSocialismisforKids 
It’s no secret curb appeal helps sell a home, but a new algorithm is helping researchers determine just how much it adds to a property’s value. via 
New Study Finds Staring Out From Balcony With Best Friends Strongest Indicator That This Your City, Your Time 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
Unnecessary mutual fund expense ratios cost traders a bagillion dollars a year. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Here is the arrogance and the dismissive toward you attitude of the Dems. They hate you enough to try to steal your power to tell them what to do. This has gone so far now that if... 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
From Discover on Google 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
No one will be able to tolerate this much satire. 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 #WhatDoYouThink? 
@HKrassenstein Also In The News : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Self nominated! 
18 Reasons The Rapture Will Be In 2018 | 
Some residents of high-cost states - like Calif. #NJ, #NY &amp; even Texas - are leaving for cheaper locales.The 2017 tax law pushed them to do it ⁦@GovMurphy⁩ ⁦@Mulshine⁩ ⁦@SenSweeney⁩ ⁦@michaelmknox⁩ ⁦@NJPolicy⁩ ⁦@tomkean⁩ 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
“They failed, and #Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Hospitals give tech giants access to detailed medical records. Deals with Microsoft, IBM and Google reveal the power medical providers have in deciding how patients’ sensitive health data is shared 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
I'm concerned if the takeaway from WeWork was "don't grow your core business too fast" and not "restrain your management to more conventional standards of corporate governance and don't waste a lot of money on extraneous unprofitable endeavors" 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. via 
The State Department is organizing a flight out of virus-hit Wuhan to extricate diplomats and a limited number of private U.S. citizens 
Trump is colluding with the Americans now! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Once their gone their gone! Get’em while their hot! 
@Alyssa_Milano McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker, he &amp; Tammy Faye (w/ dark eye liner), tele-evangelist's empire" went belly up. A convincing moment to see stupidity of evangelical leadership...OMG 
Ol' #CocaineMitch is really setting the Dem's hair on fire. Nice. via 
The head of the European Central Bank’s banking arm, Andrea Enria, was concerned about low profitability, old technology and governance and conduct problems at banks across the eurozone. via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
In Preparation For Possible Woman President, White House Staff Begins Loosening All Jar Lids 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
TPG In Talks To Reduce Stake In $32 Bln Credit-Investing Arm - @LiveSquawk 
The Left &amp; #fakenews are pulling the same BS they pulled during the Brett Kavanaugh hearings! And guess what!? These lame ass RINO's are allowing it to happen, AGAIN! If they acquiesce to the Socialists &amp; allow witnesses holy hell will follow, bank on it! 
@GynoStar Folks at are getting eerily close to reality again.😅 Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
#GM Picks #Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks #business #money #trade #economy #cars #Automotive #ElectricCars #Michigan 
Sales of fur clothing hit $30B in 2019, down 10-15% from 2018 due to slowdowns in top-producing China and Russia. Many major U.S. retailers will stop selling by 2020's end, but fur maintenance is still a growing business, via @rayalexsmith #HPS_NY 
Fewer, higher quality employees. “Today, Minneapolis-based Target has about 4,000 IT employees, more than 80% of whom are full-time software engineers and developers. Before Mr. McNamara took over, the company had about 10,000 IT workers” 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
'And there will be idiots who believe this BS. Bet he can’t even name which gospel. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
: After WeWork Debacle, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
Israel-Palestine crisis which had defied all solutions may not survive Trump’s antidote giving the practicality of his Mideast peace road map. It’s a win-win solution, a kind of “no winner no vanquish” deal. Trump healing the world as Jackson may say. 
Best #ONION satire in a long time. 
@MalkanJamie @Stewey444 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
I hate fake Christian's 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Taylor Swift Releases New Song 'I Kissed A Girl And You'll Like It Or Else You're A Disgusting Bigot' 
She’s 75, And a Step Ahead of Her Competition - via @instapaper 
Arkancide suspected. Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@notdred Grabbing my pitcher of Kool-Aid from the fridge... 
Damn... 
And the fallout widens. Now Boeing supplier Arconic is weighing job cuts amid MAX production halt. 
@mayawiley Ok, I'm confused. published a conflicting report. Who's right-- or Bennett? via 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to restore the veil opened amid protests and U.S. pressure 
@Alfa_Bootis : How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
He's probably vegan or doing keto, too -- he'd tell you all about it, if he could talk... :p 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
I'm sure Evangelicals are so eager to support their porn star banging, wife cheating president, they'll jump right on this new pathetically transparent excuse 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
""I want you to die feeling loved and peaceful." I begged him to reconsider, he refused. His eyes went flat. A bullish, macho cloud enveloped him. “It’s my life, sweetheart. This seems like the best option.”” #mondaythoughts #dad #love #endings #choice 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father . 
"Individual taxpayers are half as likely to get audited as they were in 2010, after tax enforcement by the IRS fell to the lowest level in at least four decades.” = result of repeated IRS budget cuts. @RichardRubinDC 
Americans face credible security concerns from foreign 5G providers, yet @CommerceGov is pulling back commonsense restrictions. We need an interagency strategy to address the serious risks that come with the growing ubiquity of foreign-based #5G networks. 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat - 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
" Republican voters have the right to choose which candidate should represent our party. Even if Mr. Van Drew’s switch is sincere, he is the most liberal member of the Republican caucus." 
Death Penalty Still Permissible For People Who Drive Slowly In The Left Lane, Pope Francis Clarifies | 
#TikTok is becoming mainstream - and increasingly political - says the . When do we start thinking about TikTok in #B2BMarketing and #ThoughtLeadership? More from here: 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
This would be funny if it didn't have a bit of truth to it. Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Below you will find a rock-solid sermon title, along with the three great sermon points you will need to deliver an A+ message this Sunday. Sermons can be difficult, so we decided to do all the heavy lifting for you: 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand Over Next Two Years 
“The long-term goal is to enhance “human performance via brain-machine interface.”” 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Hey @JamesVanFleet, didn't know about this latest cruise! 
NEWS: GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Beijing’s sophisticated censorship machine is running up against growing public anger over gov handling of #wuhanconoravirus “Wuhan must immediately have a change of guard!” says one Weibo post that had gone viral before getting deleted. 
We spoke to @tinashe about crafting the album "Songs For You" and staging a radical do-over in her career. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Scary-cat Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
THIS! is awesome! 🔴Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election #Bernie2020 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish goo goo g'joob 
Here are the sources: and the Census Bureau. 
oh boy 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@kathy_markovich BB is satire, in case anyone doesn't know. Case in point What's funny is we're living in a timeline where we really can't tell what's real and what's satire anymore because the two are so fucking close.... 
@bschaeffer12 Very relevant 14 years later. 
Incredible story — Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might... 
Recording Appears to Show Trump Calling for Ambassador's Firing 
The WHO said Tuesday that it had identified three new infection cases outside China without the onset of any symptoms. Another 14 had developed symptoms after leaving China. One involved a human-to-human transmission among family members in Vietnam. 
#CreditSuisse CEO denounces blame on #Instagram. Doesn’t he know that #Twitter is the place to spread #FakeNews? $CS 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Travel Barriers Rise as WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus, offered a public boost to a government response that has come under fire for a lack of transparency. As Hong Kong, Singapore and Russian provinces limit travel from China. 
#climatechange could cause the next major #financialcrisis, and the financial system is unprepared to respond, says the Bank for International Settlements. via @deloittecfo 
Satire Tweet #3 () "Public Disapproval Of Iran Approach Convinces Trump To Reverse Soleimani Killing" 
@IvankaTrump If you are a conservative, you will vote these criminals OUT OF OFFICE. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica 
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company( play that game ) 
Guaca-owww!! There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Snopes, fact-check this... 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@CatHoffman14 👇👇👇 Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From #people #article 
news that npr will not tell you about. 
Satire from the Babylon Bee: Church Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade (full story)~&gt; 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via The answer is NO 
14. And to me, that means, No. 1, hear the case, not dismiss it summarily; No. 2, ask our questions; and No. 3, be guaranteed a right to vote on whether we need additional information such as documents or witnesses.” 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
I just shot coffee through my nose!!! #LMAO #MAGA 
He doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses. #ImpeachmentTrial McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Many large companies are adding alternative-fuel #trucks to their fleet, including @UPS! 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Dems are Trying to impeach the voters for 2016! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
#Breaking Likelihood of the Senate voting to call more #witnesses in the #impeachmenttrial appeared to mount as some #Republican senators said new allegations about #Trump’s motivation for freezing aid to #Ukraine bolstered case for further testimony: 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Finally, reality hits. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via 
The @GOP is scared shitless of @JoeBiden. Now @ScottforFlorida is airing an anti Biden add in Iowa. #CorruptGOP Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
Good news got @CNN 
"More employers see financial benefits in leveling the playing field for working mothers." via #workmom 
Cleaning Up After Comey - Will Comey be jailed? 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts request for parliamentary immunity from prosecution on corruption charges via 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
#Sepsis is killing 1 in 5 people globally each year. @McCormickJohn at ProAI features @ClevelandClinic using Jvion's #AI to go "beyond predictions to make treatment recommendations" for at-risk sepsis patients. Read more: 
"Flawed market design significantly increases the trading costs of large investors, and generates billions of dollars a year in profits for a small number of HFT firms and other parties in the speed race." via 
Regular reminder that unless it's bake sale money from literal banana bread that you sold, virtually everything you touch as students or faculty at either Harvard or MIT will in the end trace back to the Pentagon. 
Users of social media in China have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. 
Tinder is adding a panic button for dates that are going badly. via 
Biden Claims He Was There 3,000 Years Ago When Isildur Took The Ring And The Strength Of Men Failed 
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs @alyrose 
Oh ... oh no ... AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set via 
Western Investors Are Shark Bait in China’s $1.4 Trillion Bad-Debt Ocean - 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - During his 2016 campaign, Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. The policies he enacted have moved us in the opposite direction. 
Music to my ears! #Amazon 100-employee orchestra, - performs 4 public concerts/ yr mostly free at Amazon Meeting Center #Google has its #GoogleOrchestra; @salesforce has an a cappella group, “Cloudy with a Chance of Beatbox.” #techculture @ChipCutter 
@thehill Brainwashed liberals be like “we want witnesses!!!” Why did they not subpoena them then? 
@thehowie @LindseyGrahamSC Perhaps you don't read the news. Here's a timeline: 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
.@jasonzweigwsj column offers optimism for all investors! via 
@mkraju @STabbytosavit what about this? 
1-28-20 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - The Wall Street Journal 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
"South Jersey Republicans will have their say in the June 2 primary. This race represents a fundamental divide of the times—a conservative versus a liberal, the people versus the powerful. This seat doesn’t belong to Mr. Van Drew; it’s the people’s seat." 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
The Texas Municipal Retirement System plans to double its allocation target for private equity. 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower 
This will probably get my account flagged again. Sigh... (but too funny) 
Baker fake preacher says when Trump had raw dog sex w @StormyDaniels he was teaching her gospel! Baker what was Trump thinking when he said he has hots for oldest daughter? @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS @johnpavlovitz @RevDrBarber @CNN 
Seattle #Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead. 🤣🤣....😭😭 #truetotheblue 
Opinion | America’s Innovators Need Clear Patent Laws 
@WEarlBrown @TheRickWilson An eternal mystery: 
Trump--not just hateful and stupid, but also incompetent. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
A majority of American workers get healthcare through their employers⁠—but for many, the cost is too much. 
Reagan did it to us and now @realDonaldTrump is doing it to us. Supply side just doesn't work. via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Starbucks Closed Half of China Stores Amid Coronavirus Outbreak -- with @heatherhaddon 
@raintreesvilla @SkipTracer7 @alanhe @JaxAlemany I want a leader who doesn't have pie in the sky ideas that have been tried elsewhere and didn't work. 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
A long-weekend guide to Palm Springs, packed with tips on where to eat, shop, hike through a desert canyon and soak in hot spring 
@brianstelter helps seal the deal in the Babylon Bee's acquisition of @CNN He will produce satirical videos for , moving the site into the realm of video content for the first time. Again, though, his show's content will remain unchanged. 
$LMT Lockheed Martin Targets Sikorsky Growth 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ via 
@cafecomferri Corona mortalidade &lt;&lt; SARS What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week. Sounds like Johnson's plan not to mention Brexit after Friday! 
Kidnapped Teen Freed, Though Freedom Is Its Own Kind Of Prison, Is It Not? 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - The Wall Street Journal 
Apple Is a Hedge Fund That Makes Phones 
Finally, expert advice that makes sense to me! Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down - The Wall Street Journal 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts # CRE 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
markets: Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via Annaisaac 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth: Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
This Admin sucks. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
markets: U.S. stocks opened higher as investors parsed efforts worldwide to contain a deadly virus outbreak in China. 
Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; that's the problem too many uncompasonate, don't give a crap medicial personal!? What patient wants to pay a jerk 
China's censorship helps spread the Coronavirus. For precedent, just look back at attempts to cover up and censor the 1918 breakout of the Spanish flu, which killed millions worldwide. opinion 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
@RepAdamSchiff You and your ilk decided NOT to subpoena him back in early November. Can't you get your lies straight? 😂 #Trump2020 
Looking forward to @brianstelter videos on ! 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
@cmclymer Since no one shows me evidence of transphobic statements from Rogan, i can't take it seriously. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
The audio generation is starting even younger - too young? @juliejargon on how both parents and schools are grappling with demands for AirPods @wsj #education #edtech 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - 
. . #EIA Oil prices. We look at profit of price by a series of measures by reduction agreement opec and middle east tension Civilian withdrawal plan mechanism. Pay attention to over 15 20 30 year Treasury bond yield. Thank you! 
Supermarkets are adding highly automated micro=fulfillment centers to tap into the fast-growing grocery delivery market. via 
I thought our country had a fighting chance to recover from Trump...now I don't know. MAGAts on both ends of the cray-cray pipe (NRA &amp; false prophets) may be too far gone. 
Wrong. Male hair loss feels great 
@wjmcgurn @GOCOAST Rofl. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The lesson of 1918 is that secrecy can kill. Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster. 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Real-estate companies are slowing down its pace and willing to take less risk 님이 공유 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
BREAKING: @senatemajldr says Republican leaders do NOT have enough votes to block the FAKE impeachment witnesses! This is NOT going well for President Trump! Is the swamp colluding together to oust our elected President? Hmm🤔 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency - 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
Some Vulnerable GOP Senators Warn Colleagues Against Drawn-Out Trial via 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty #joke #satire 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Hopefully! 
@SoSofieFatale How about Murdoch owned ? PleaseOhPleaseOhPlease 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever | 
just putting this here: 
Evangelicals cant understand why so many are abandoning church. IT IS BECAUSE OF MONEY-GRUBBING, BULLSHIT ARTIST LIKE THIS LYING FALSE PROPHET 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The other side of the coin of #Trumponomics which ⁦@POTUS⁩ completely forgot to mention in #Davos2020: The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown #growth #global #cloud #innovation #housing #trends 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
The union that taught me to organize and bargain tough as nails endorses both Bernie and Liz Warren. @UNITEHERE11 #WinWithHotelWorkers 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire #joke #people 
Take care as you prep that #SuperBowl guac or game day could be the pits. "It's the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself.” #avocadohand 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Via ⁦@KonradPutzier⁩ , 
Our people stuck in China. Pray for them all! 🇺🇸❤️ 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Given the amount of business travel I experience, I have seen the atrocities. #Barefoot should be allowed if and ONLY if your feet do not smell and you refrain from placing them any place other than the floor. 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
"Whether framed as injunctions of ‘nationwide,’ ‘universal,’ or ‘cosmic’ scope, these orders share the same basic flaw -- they direct how the defendant must act toward persons who are not parties to the case." -- Gorsuch, J. (concurring) 
Number of #babyboomers entering retirement is expected to grow for several years, while the number of college-bound high-school grads is projected to decline. 
“Davos turned into a climate-change conference this year.” via 
Are these Dims For real or what. What a stupid statement!! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"That criticism keeps appearing on social media…speaks to the challenge that Beijing faces…'Even an authoritarian government needs to take into account public opinions,' said one editor at the official Xinhua News Agency." @Lingling_Wei 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | - Wow! The quintessential “Big Lie!” Unholy, disingenuous, hypocrisy!!! 
Thought it was a sin to lie?!?! #Gospel #TrumpCrimeFamily #TruthMatters #MAGA2020 
Opinion: Everyone Who Makes More Money Than I Do Isn't Paying Their Fair Share 
Have a listen 🎧: Today's Morning Brief Podcasts 
@RepJerryNadler Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
To get around virus-stricken Wuhan, Louisiana native Benjamin Wilson only steps out with a facemask, gloves and extra layers. When he gets home, he wipes everything down in antibacterial soap. “I’m just trying to minimize exposure to other people.” 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa (Wall Street Journal) 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via 
Check out this arricle by @lesliebrody in the about the impossibly low salaries of childcare workers - and what's being done about it. #childcare #teachers #childdevelopment 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Trump Gives Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Top 5 Most Hilarious Christian Comedies Of All Time 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
“To date Prince Andrew has provided zero cooperation.” 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
"He Is a Dictator" The deranged Democrats sum up their "case" for impeachment. They only want to remove President Trump because they stand no chance of winning otherwise. via 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
The Paper of Record gets the scoop again! 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
After%20Senseless%20Murder%20Of%20Goliath,%20Philistines%20Call%20For%20Ban%20On%20Fully%20Automatic,%20High-Capacity%20Slings 
@Ladie_Chief @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Nike’s website sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise in the wake of the basketball superstar’s sudden death, the sportswear giant said, rebutting media reports it had pulled the products 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It'. 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early #Gutfeld 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
OMG Hahahahahahahahaha!!! | Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses - This will blow-up in their faces, like all the other Wile E.Coyote moves they've made so far. I wonder if they realize the defendant gets to call his witnesses too? Bolton is just the next Mueller flop to be. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, according to a Congressional Budget Office report released on Tuesday. 
@nytimes Trump, is drawn to Foreign, political autocrats, as a U.S.A. political, autocrat. Trump governance does not include humanity, normal, human need, or compassion. These qualities and properties are fundamentally, inter-twined into all that is The U.S.A.. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science 
President’s Eldest Son Relishing His Part in 2020 Campaign - @SenatorCollins #WeThePeople KNOW...YOU WILL PAY AT POLLS! 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding By Aruna Viswanatha and Kate O’Keeffe 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
"Because the CCP cares more about its social control than the well-being of China’s people, a similar situation [to the Spanish Flu] is imaginable today." NB: stability is the #1 priority, not health or disease. 
Oh, a Professor at Harvard. #MAGA 
Meanwhile, among the IIF’s sixteen-country sample, collective interest costs have climbed from $1.6 billion five years ago to $4.3 billion in 2020 Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future   
And his testimoney will smell just like this. 
It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously, and while their child was only months old,” a solemn Bakker said into the camera as colorful balloons provided a backdrop for some reason.  
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Terrific article on "Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail" - AI should be managed as a cross-functional collaboration that brings together: via 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved in the opposite direction. via 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
Ecommerce giant #Amazon announced they are doubling down on investment in #Israel as a gateway to manufacturer #fulfillment and logistics for the growing #UAE product market. Analysts estimate the market at $4.8 billion in sales. #GlobalBusiness #reesmarx 
“The plan was criticized by some experts as a ploy to boost Netanyahu &amp; Trump domestically while failing to narrow the deep-seated differences between Palestinians &amp; Israelis. Trump faces an impeachment trial while Netanyahu has been charged with bribery.” 
: 4b5d73bf-7490-43b5-b70b-a8a8d5d09689 
@realDonaldTrump "I feel like my family left me." 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: A Fed Critic Takes Aim at Central Bank’s Rate-Control Tools, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via 
Pompeo's map trick, if taken seriously (and removing his extra lie that she chose Bangladesh), would imply that foreign policy discussion or news coverage of it should be done according to 's lampoon of uninformed half-attention. 
Researchers Discover Cure For Man Bun 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin (TURD) Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via 
Takes a con to con for a con. @Jim_Bakker belongs back in prison. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Well thank goodness someone finally cleared that up! 
Sure.... 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
Is that what the kids are calling it these days? “Sharing the Gospel”? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups 
Cool! 
'I will swim to the bottom of the Pacific and use a golden key inscribed with runes to unlock his lair, where he has slumbered since the destructive Clean Water Rule of 2015. This shape-shifting monster will once more be unleashed upon U.S. waters.' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Omg. The bee completes me. Democrats are beginning to grow worried that if their impeachment effort fails, they'll have to resort to plan B: nominating an electable candidate and winning an election. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
KS&amp;R is always working on innovative ways to tell a story and activate insights. Just recently we supported Deloitte in their preparations for #WEF20 in Davos. This work shows how executives are balancing readiness as they transition to Industry 4.0. 
.@SEC_Enforcement Urges Better #Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms. #Regulator details strong safeguards it has observed at companies it oversees. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
#CyberDigest | U.S. Turns Up the Spotlight on Chinese Universities | @Kate_OKeeffe @aviswanatha | 
What impeachment??? 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Santana And Rob Thomas' 'Smooth' Sweeps Grammy Awards For 13th Year In A Row 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. (So ⁦@GOP ⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ when do we see benefits of the Trump Tax cut) 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism | 
The Company of Second Chances - 
@HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Ask them why the IMF withheld money from Ukraine. Billions $$$ in loans had disappeared. 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@SportsCheetah Great article I really appreciated it. But you actually claimed Luke Walton was your favorite player... wow... that’s rough. My favorite article ever is still: Kobe is a winner in all aspects. His drive/work ethic always elevated him in my view 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@IamBradMinoski @marcushjohnson To be fair, her whole campaign was “because I’m not Trump”. Also you are wrong 
If the allegations are true, this professor is in very hot water indeed ... not disclosing significant financial and institutional conflicts to both his University and the US government. Jail time and heavy financial penalties are possible! 
Kobe Bryant's helicopter lost touch with air-traffic controllers when it climbed to 2,300 feet as the pilot attempted to avoid a cloud layer. Chopper began a descending left turn and crashed into the hills of Calabasas at roughly 1,085 feet above sea level 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses My friends in our retirement community seem to think that in the end, the Republicans will stand true to form and cave to the Democrats. Every RINO needs to go start a new party of wishy washy turncoats. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' ⁦⁩ 
This will keep the Fed on pause mode for a little while longer: New orders for nondefense capital goods excluding aircraft—or so-called core capital goods orders—decreased 0.9% in December from the previous month via 
Even better! (This is what they're really worried about) 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
The U.N. and Human Trafficking 
@jrutle @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@realDonaldTrump LIAR! America won't be great again until we're rid of you. 
Pepper...and Salt via 
“Some demographers say the baby who will live to 200 years old is already born... People in their 60s today look very much like people in their 40s not long ago." People spend a lot of time wondering if they’ll have the means to retire. Do they want to? 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
😂👏🏼😂👏🏼😂👏🏼😂👏🏼😂 CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
: Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Hong Kong-China Travel Reduced Due to Coronavirus @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Wish her well but wasnt her track record at VS mediocre at best? @jeffmacke New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of allegedly lying to the U.S. about millions in Chinese funding he has received - #highered #edleaders 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America and the effect it might have on milk prices. 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' 
Pfizer products that notched big quarterly sales gains included blood-thinner Eliquis, up 21%. 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts: #bonds #BondYields #YieldCurve #REIT #REITs 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal. 
Ben Smith is exiting as ⁦@BuzzFeed⁩ news chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018. ⁦@rcfp⁩ board member ⁦@BuzzFeedBen⁩ is going to ⁦@nytimes⁩ as media columnist. 
😂😂 LOVE Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@MZHemingway It’s all brilliant. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Just joking Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I'd pay top dollar to see a group release a flock of geese on the set while Lemonhead is on the air. Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
markets: A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy 
Fitting, considering the clowns of the democrat party.. 
, which has supplanted the NYT as America's Paper of Record 
“False choice” is how I’d imagine @yhazony’s response. 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
An entry-level Ferrari Portofino will run you nearly $219,000. But you only get one cupholder. via 
Apparently trump has named his penis, “the gospel,” according to Jim Baker 
Wow. Workin’ on the railroad (as my old man did years ago) used to have a cachet status of sorts. Now, tech is derailing it. 
End China’s Espionage Now: Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #MAGA ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #AmericaFirst #Dobbs 
A career State Department official overseeing Ukraine policy told congressional investigators that he had raised concerns in early 2015 about then-VP #JoeBiden’s son serving on the board of a Ukrainian energy company but was turned away by a Biden staffer. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Bwah hahahaha hahaha! 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
“Although the nation in question may be an undetermined or undefined distance from America’s borders, it remains crucial to protect our sovereignty and come to the aid of our allies, if any, in someplace, somewhere on the globe." 
I'd be all for a woman spy who does the actual spy stuff while Bond fools around. "Alright 011, Bond is playing baccarat with Sergei Evilov. Break into Evilov's hotel suite and get those documents!" 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Mora… 
While @SpeakerPelosi and @SenSchumer tear apart the United States Constitution with their impeachment sham, @realDonaldTrump is working toward peace in the Middle East. So proud of our President and grateful for his leadership at home and abroad. #gapol 
Absolutely important for traditional businesses to pick up hacks from platform companies to keep themselves relevant. "buy online pick up in store services, accounted for 80% of digital growth in the company’s most recent quarter." 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
That's it!!! @realDonaldTrump has crossed a line with this one! 😡 
Gun Rallies, Gulags, And MLK: Week Of 1/22/20 Podcast #MAGA #TRUMP 
@HouseIntel @RepAdamSchiff Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
"Sonder, which leases apartments, adds furniture and sublets them by the night" look ma, i've invented the hotel 
Now you say. Still you were part of the problem. Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency Zhou Xianwang says central government needed to approve release of sensitive information 
@AngrySocialista @BernieSanders Related: 
Study Finds 68% Of Americans Unprepared For Sudden Financial Stability 
@conservatismtlk @ByronYork Hunter certainly is, it goes to his state of mind. Trump was impeached for his "corrupt purposes" 
Xi Jinping vows to combat #coronavirus by making it illegal to mention within a week. “We have seen far too many senseless deaths due to this outbreak, so I vow here and now that those official death toll numbers will remain unchanged.” Via ;) 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
they keep getting better! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“Doing deals doesn’t yield the deep rewards that come from building up people,” said management guru Clayton M. Christensen, who died at age 67 via 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
@Stardusty0407 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Damn. He's still out there being crazy?! These cray-cray televangelists are like cockroaches, they just survive everything. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Thought it was already there. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
"SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected…3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new coronavirus have died…But the new virus may spread from one person to another more easily than SARS,…early disease modeling suggests." @betswrites 
@kunalkamra88 Here's a record Kunal .A Riot accused was banned for years. #BoycottIndigo #kunalkamra 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It #TechJunkieInvest 
I gained five pounds just reading about this: 
Anyone else tired of low lives, scum sucking @AdamSchiff and @SpeakerPelosi calling us names and accusing us of doing what they do; cheat &amp; lie? Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bernie Sanders Holds Secret Campaign Meeting With 15,000 Working-Class Democratic Donors 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
too much to hope for: 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale 
It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump! Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentHearings 
Indexed universal life is a hot topic right now. Some wonder if it is too good to be true! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Shifty, setting the stage... 
For all you #wokefolk 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
If you think that the coronavirus isn’t affecting the markets than you’re utterly stupid. Dow drops hard, trade deals shutdown? Bitcoin isn’t going anywhere whatever happens, and so it doesn’t dump it pumps. $xbt $btc 
Oil, Copper Drop on Coronavirus Fears @davidhodari 
"The Justice rebukes the growing practice of lower courts ruling beyond the parties to a specific case." Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
.@bysarahkrouse and I wrote about these companies last year and described them as “elusive”. Will these civil restraining orders be enough to stick and really make a dent in robocalls? Still no criminal cases 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
According to the Washington Post, in a private meeting, Mitch McConnell said GOP Leaders currently do not have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
🤔 isn't yhe regular week work 40? They still stealing time and getting paid! 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
From : “When two consumer-product veterans started @NehemiahMfg a decade ago, their idea was to create more opportunities in a struggling part of Cincinnati. Now, workers with criminal records make up around 80% of the company’s about 180 employees.” 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
wants Bolton to testify but warns: No good judges confirmed, no legislation except on liberal terms, relentless investigation &amp; harassment. The best people remaining would leave the Admin, &amp; GOP would be set up for a wipeout in 2022 &amp; 2024. via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
@nberlat Get yours ready 
@SaftyInNumbers @Bronsays @PollyCHaag @neal_katyal @nytimes Looks like we may never find out. Apparently #MoscowMitch doesn't have the votes to keep stonewalling. 
Miami hotel rates for #SuperBowlLIV are just about half the monthly rent of a studio apartment on Miami Beach. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
: 5fadf5d1-7feb-413f-be7b-bf91491285aa 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@1kimoui @MiaFarrow Wait. You are angry about Bernie's campaign going to the convention? Were you angry when Clinton held on in 2008 - claiming Obama might be shot? Were you aware he vigorously campaigned for HRC? 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts - The Wall Street Journal. - 
In Genius Move, President Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose It! 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Brazil state prosecutors charge ex-Vale CEO Fabio Schvartsman with homicide for last year’s deadly dam collapse, along with others from the mining company and auditor TÜV SÜD, via #Brumadinho 
@washingtonpost Confirm story that @SenateGOP don't have the votes? 
Great piece in the @wsj on Andy Reid, one of greatest from @byu and ⁦@BYUfootball⁩ 
LOL!! After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@RadioFreeTom begs to differ. Who do we believe? 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
@Patrici31864139 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
@SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump @wyoguard Never ever ever vote for a Republican. NEVER. If you love America, never vote for the irresponsible party who spend money on the credit card like this. 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations via 
This is getting interesting: "Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses" via 
New, deadlier AR-16 introduced—an AR-15 wearing a MAGA hat BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
: 112f7713-110f-407e-a8b8-381752ef9165 
What a sensitive male feminist! 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@Wobbledance1 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
😂😂😂 Satirically funny! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Then lets get rid of CCP!!! China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus - 
BREAKING: It'll never happen! #GOPCoverup Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding - meanwhile check CDC for connections via 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
: Chris Tomlin Finally Wears Out His Computer's Copy, Paste Shortcut Keys 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via 
I will never never trust any evangelicals again about anything in my life. They are all pharisees as far as I am concerned. 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
SMALL SOLUTION, BIG CHALLENGE Grocers looking to expedite online orders are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4K orders a week but still be housed in the back of stores or in cheap urban areas. #ecommerce #fulfillment #retail 
Don't worry, they'll make it a big deal about it just as soon as there's another Democrat in the White House. Democrats will make their base pay for it, as usual. 
From : #5G continues to be a hefty investment for #telecom companies with no clear winner in sight. Why bet on winners and losers? $SRVR - Mission critical assets powering 5G and #cloud 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election." @cspanwj 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' The televangelist ended his broadcast by wagering that there were probably “many, many more” sex-industry workers like Daniels who could tell a similarly inspiring story about President Trump 
Wise counsel by the Ed Board. The John Bolton Report 
@Jenhatcher14Jen @nancylevine @joniernst @SenJoniErnst @realDonaldTrump never threatened anyone but this guy did and bragged about it on tv. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
DOJ charged University of Kansas professor Franklin Feng Tao with defrauding U.S. by failing to disclose he had allegedly taken a position at a Chinese university while continuing to receive U.S. grant money. via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses It couldn't happen to better bunch of idiots. Thank God there are still some who will stand up to Trump. 
Justice Department Sends Trump Amazon Alexa Device As Peace Offering For Spying 
Supreme Court to Look at Electoral College Rules 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN @CNN satire you can trust 😆 
OK, the actual news part of the CBO release is here: 
"Guns are a plague on mankind. They are the source of all violence in our modern world. Can you imagine how peaceful the world would be if guns didn’t exist? Well, you don’t have to imagine. There was such a time; it’s called our distant past." 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
#CNN#Lemon#Fired/ and Ignorance via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@IvankaTrump There has been a rise in antisemitic attacks and incidences since Daddy was elected. Wonder why? @IvankaTrump 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Tech predictions for 2020: the rise of hearables, the retreat of unicorns and the arrival (really this time!) of 5G via 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
» After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Qatar spent $16.3 million on lobbying in 2017 in the US according to federal filings. As of June 2018, the country was directly employing 23 lobbying firms.. It spent some on lobbyists with ties to Trump and pd. others to ply Congress—a typical approach 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Today’s Left trades only in one emotion nowadays, and it’s not hope—it’s hate. Hate is all they have to offer. 
Mike Pompeo: There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
I'm so disappointed in "Christians". How is this real? This isn't ! 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Hope and Faith. Things to live for. Things that invite unity. Thank you @SenateGOP @SenateDems GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@MelissaJPeltier I think he's talking about US drug companies donating #HIV meds, antivirals, to China to see if they aid in halting #coronavirus. If not this, another Trump delusion? Link: 
: c4be1f66-9cf5-4169-a3db-b99ae3ea9925 
I hope he goes away for life. This is the crap that goes on at alt-Left "institutions of higher learning". More like "institutions of treason". Charles Lieber allegedly lied to DoD &amp; National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
markets: Exclusive: TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm 
@MobilePunch @MBuhari please confirm this statement, then I'll know what to comment. 
So Trump Was Dicking for Jesus by Raw Dogging A Porn Star Jim Bakker such clever Millionaire Preacher but his Playboy Orgy-Gospel I don’t recognize 🐶 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
In which the @wsj says the Senate should hear testimony but not let something silly like witnesses get in the way of their predetermined acquittal. #impeach ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
A quick 5 min video tutorial on the PMI and how it is related to market performance. How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
⁦@nytimes⁩ @washingtonpost⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦@JohnCornyn⁩: I’m a Texan. I’m conservative. Due to Trump, I’m a former Republican. GOP met behind closed doors to persuade AGAINST truth-seeking. Disgusting. Don’t claim no cover up. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to REIT Stocks 
This is supposed to be parody though... 
@Davidspacehouse @agrosse777 @justinamash @DavidCornDC @Davidspacehouse Here is the clip 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct #people #lol 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via 
The Tea Party and conservative Republicans must be very worried about this. 😐 U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
@gaywonk @mmfa Jerry nadler and Adam Schiff both lied during the hearings, basically telling Republicans they are covering up if they don't believe Democrats. This is more truthful than the Democrats ⬇️⬇️ 
@kathiepunt8691 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
New: CBS Chief Joe Ianniello has been approached by one of the suitors for Univision, which wants him to front its bid: w/@CaraRLombardo and @miriamgottfried. Joe hasn't decided yet. 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Huawei Vice President Victor Zhang was pleased by the British government’s decision on 5G: “This evidence-based decision will result in a more advanced, more secure and more cost-effective telecoms infrastructure that is fit for the future." @MaximColch 
#Amazon #IdentityTheft Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Amazon is expanding its warehouse operations in New York City as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to customers in the area 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
With his penis??? 🤔 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
S H O C K I N G H O C K I N G 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via 
@brad_polumbo @dcexaminer did it first: 
Proposed overhaul of Medicaid-eligibility rules is stirring a debate via 
"...may provide limited marginal economic benefit [ya think?!] to the country as a whole." Tru dat: 
Nation Shudders At Large Block Of Uninterrupted Text 
"Impartial juror" @CoryGardner says what? 🤔 #copolitics #cosen 
CNN and Ignorance via 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Who will be the first to post the “The make these things satire to try to make us look crazy for knowing they really do it!” Tweet? I think PoliceBrain2 and Major Dad are co-favorites. #QAnon 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
@RichardGillam7 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
I can see their faces now, chiseled in stone, on Mount Taxmore. via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Okay, fess up. Which of you moms is this? Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
Apple has added more than a Facebook in value over the past year. I guess you could call that a network effect. 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
Now this is priceless. HAHA. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via - THE JOHN BOLTON REPORT @KimStrassel 
@VABVOX Front Row Joes = delusional cultists 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content Icini 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
LMFAO....OMG..He was sharing way more than the gospel with Stormy....hehehe....unless we have a new book in the bible called the gospel of Dick. Lol....and that's just a very small book.😄😂👍 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Legalizing marijuana regains attention among state lawmakers 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
@StormyDaniels @JimBakkerShow Since it was church, isn't that $130k 'donation' tax free??? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Developers Court Wealthy Renters With More Luxury Apartments @_willparker_ 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
Travesty before our eyes! This is what you get for 33 years if service to America?! I THINK NOT! #3STARSTRONG #JusticeForFlynn #ClearFlynnNow #ExonerateGenFlynn #FlynnWasSetUp #FlynnFighters #WhereIsFlynn302 #DigitalSoldiers 
Probably a good idea to call your senators, anyway: : GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial Republican leaders said they don’t currently have the votes to block witnesses in Trump's trial 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus 
In Flagrante Delecto: Mitt Romney Is Latest Unmasked Internet Lurker - 
@CANCEL_SAM Bernie Sanders Holds Secret Campaign Meeting With 15,000 Working-Class Democratic Donors 
With 100,000 emerging cases of the coronavirus, the Dow drops over 450 points as there is a growing fear that the outbreak in China will result in slowed global economic growth. #cherribi #zohor 
Tech: Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
As @Tesla #shares surge, #investor strategies are diverging bigtime: some are urgently buying in, but others continue to bet against the stock, with Tesla currently being one the market's biggest shorts. See what #analysts have to say about the future 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The influence of a handful of Obama-era Judges is about to be severely curtailed! Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
It's amazing to watch how easily the #democrats can play #republican Senators with a planted story in the @nytimes. @SenSchumer "If you don’t believe the newspaper report, call the witnesses,”. The "newspaper" equals "evidence"? 
@ChrisRugaber @TheAmaraReport had a good piece on this a few weeks back, definitely feels like a very intentional decision to market/frame Census jobs in response to the tight labor market. 
Work to impeach instead of poison -THC in family @cumberlandlucia @Justine4RI @RIDemParty SF NYC AOC IA NH D.C. @sfchronicle @spinranker @HoneyJ2u2 @JinaDavidson6 @tommypopeSC #sc47 @Democrat_David @CBlazejewski @RepAllenTX131 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears. 
Sepsis kills 1 in 5 people globally each year, according to analysis published in Lancet this month, more than 2x previous estimate. Some organizations are tapping #machine #learning to spot #sepsis before it turns deadly. #AI 
The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #MAGA #TRUMP 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It #cnnturk 
They’ve been airing free commercials for anyone on the left for years it’s about time they threw on our way. CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
New era for Fake News @CNN: 
AOC has a degree in being an ASSWIPE 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@MikeGianella this is probably like a year or two before this joke made that much sense but i've always loved this 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
I wondered about this 
Remember the good old days, when this was satire? 😍 Man Finally Put In Charge Of Struggling Feminist Movement 
I think that the Babylongbee is kind of like , i.e., satire but I will ROFL anyway! :-) 
@realDonaldTrump also you -- The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
@greggutfeld Love your shows! You should have a babylonbee segment. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Sounds legit. 
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
: b1a47fd0-7d40-4f89-9351-94652329627a 
@Cyndereller @TheRickWilson @pejesq @ajzeigler @realDonaldTrump Despite President Trump’s promise to boost coal, at least seven large coal producers have filed for bankruptcy since October 2018 via 
McConnell says that the GOP doesn't have the votes to block witnesses 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
: 52a8bd47-a5a7-4fc0-a370-ff025bb936f8 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
@elhombrelibre1 @renato_mariotti Nah, that’s just “modified Gospel sharing.” 
You Can’t Make This Shit Up! 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | #OOTT 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
Airbus to pay record fine of nearly $4 billion to settle #corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France in deferred prosecution agreement #bribery #compliance via 
@AXECOP @Orthodox_Bubba @The_Kyle_Mann @joethorn @RedeemerSTC @docanddevo Totally. 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
@RawStory So which is it????? 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales - 
Democrats' Schiff-ty Logic: 1. We rigged the "System" in the 2016 Election so Hillary would win. 2. Trump won. 3. Therefore, Trump cheated the "System." So, the vote cannot be trusted to give us our result. 😡 
Poligripless is a marketing genius! 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
"In addition to his new [$4.35 million] Washington [mansion], Rattner owns an apartment on Fifth Avenue across from the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a horse farm in North Salem, N.Y., and a summer home in Martha's Vineyard, Mass." 
Poll Finds 54% Of Americans Approve Executing Trump But Leaving Him In Office 
Sen. Mur­phy (D.), “I worry that we are ask­ing the Ukraini­ans to make eco­nomic re­forms in the mid­dle of an in­va­sion that are sim­ply un­re­al­is­tic given the very fact that the Rus­sians are oc­cu­py­ing ter­ri­tory and at­tack­ing the front lines. 
Might work ... 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Now that's just plain crazy. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Fed Won’t Take Away Markets’ Punch Bowl: 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Don’t know about management but I can easily see the average Seattle sports fan thinking this makes sense. 😂 
: Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
@Jim_Jordan Lol, 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
Rep. Seth Moulton has endorsed Joe Biden for the Democratic Party’s nomination for president, citing what he said was the former V.P.’s ability to build a coalition within the party and proven foreign-policy credentials. via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Real good work ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president is a debacle. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
To leave or not to leave. The internal US debate about its role in the Middle East: From @Martin_Indyk From @FishereEzzedine 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@SenSchumer BREAKING NEWS: 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Lol, we get more truth about Joni Ernst from an article than from Joni Ernst herself. Organize. Register. Vote her out. #DemCastIA #IASen 
: Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
@JulianNoel666 @CNN @washingtonpost @nytimes Yes I have watched it and couple of more similar to this. I think this article by must be nominated as #ArticleOf2019 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Liberals Clarify Their Racism Is Actually Democratic Racism | 
"Sharing the Gospel". Is that what he calls "it"? 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment inscribed in gold signature!America I just want to glue shut so can remind me how she has CORRUPTED OUR🇺🇸&amp;SUFFERING CAUSED BY HER SELF SERVING ACTIONS🐂💩! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Oh no I missed Taco Tuesday! 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus 
Tech Earnings Will Test Rally in Growth Stocks 
“Guns are scary enough,” said being-scared-by-guns expert Noah Carlson, “but knowing a gun is a supporter of Donald Trump makes it even more terrifying." 😂😂😂 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@theurbanologist @nicktheandersen I regret to inform ... 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial YEP THISIS ABOUT IT !!! BORING BORING BORING !!! AND RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December via &lt;-- Misleading headline for those interested in the economy. 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses (Wall Street Journal) 
@outofmemind @Tom_Winter Besides being Joe Biden's son, what qualifications does Hunter have for banking OR oil? He speaks neither Chinese or Ukrainian. 
Apps Help Strangers Have a Baby, Romance Optional. A new kind of online service matches people who want to have children, but not necessarily romance. 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to keep rates low and stock market high. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program or continue indirectly buying stocks so Trump can brag. via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Dream Vacation Turns Deadly For Area Houseplant 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | And Jeffery Damher was just tasting people to make sure they hadn’t spoiled 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
@QuidRises @Schanette55 @medwoman1 @imvala @GOPkleptocrat @miss_simone247 @Grandma_Boom @PwrCane1 @TrumpSugar @calijeff1 @zaharias19 @wagygirl @GoofyGary7 @KINGTRUMPUSLIAR @GaryFos22481 @Jacob83896764 @Juliesc51073985 @PersevereEver @LisaNicholo @CunningMarshal @josephrace7 @TourguideJ @Greenideblonde2 @SeanTDel @Aimhighffw @Pittstock @camp_terrence @Slaybells3 @BobC7000 @donnnie @LeftAreUnhinged @johannashe1 @DougieFreshii @DigiVorr @everything_says @MiddleMolly @SJerzGirl @HouseOfJames2 @meredithmusing @J_man63 @yusufkkabatas @gorillastyle @tomag49 @nechy211 @LItalianoVero @Pedro4Paz @Visitor22 @SumiNemo169 @EJ_LiveWithLove @Riseup4D They’ll say any &amp; everything to make excuses for Trump’s Lies, Crimes, et🤣🤣🤣 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Fairway Market, the New York City grocer, is looking for potential buyers in case an offer for five of its stores shrinks to three 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Oh, Lordy! How wrong have I gotten this divine and devout president of goodness? Bless me, for I have sinned: 
“@DevalPatrick impressed us w/comprehensive plan 4 best way to spend 36hrs in Marrakech -proved he’s ready to lead w/extensive knowledge of everything from concierge services to finding best bar...Family vacay, romantic getaway, theres no better candidate” 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Charles Lieber, chair of @Harvard's chemistry department, allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Yes @ubykotex 👏 It was time 🩸👉 Kotex uses realistic-looking red fluid in new ads, ditching the antiseptic-blue liquid that major brands usually deploy to represent menstrual blood via 
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests #Finance #Business #Investissement via 
In the end, money/fame won't save you from horrific national- and state-level infra planning. There is a reason Trump is the only president or nominee in modern memory not to lose loved one to traffic violence. He lived his whole adult life in Manhattan. 
Late to twitter today, but, wowzers... 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
🤣🤣🤣🤣 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Is this being downplayed for a reason??? With so many people being quarantined in China...what are they not telling us??? 
”Instead of suppressing his emotions about major issues in his life, he cries at sad commercials.” 
"Kotex appears to be the first major, established brand to show blood-red fluid on its products in marketing." 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
@mrs_jones46 @amazingheat @AngelaBelcamino @realDonaldTrump Show your facts. Because you haven't any. Brainwashed sheeple. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Conservatives have pledged to support the non-amendable bill to implement CUSMA — but Freeland claims there’s “uncertainty” about whether CUSMA will pass. 
Tough but fair. 
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela: reports, the Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from US allies. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@realDonaldTrump #ConvictAndRemoveTrump Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
: Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
Well deserved!! 😂😂😂 Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | - Join the conversation on @clouthub 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
To see more unmatched reporting, visit 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
It's extremely disturbing to me there are people that may actually believe this insanity in our country. It couldn't be more obvious it's time to tax the hell out of these con artist preaching Trump from the pulpits. Shame on these liars. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Invoking Bernard Lewis, Josef Joffe reviews ⁦@KimGhattas⁩’s “Black Wave”: “a superbly researched and sub­tly told story” that eschews the “who did this to us?” narrative 
@MoralsCOWnt @kathy_markovich @dmooresb It's a parody site: 
@nycsouthpaw I’m glad some @SenateGOP have defected. But as per @neal_katyal none of this was required if John Roberts wasn’t such a coward. Time to step up, Chief, and look good for history. 
wsj: u.s. surveillance craft crashes in taliban-held area in afghanistan 
FICO Changes Could Lower Your Credit Score 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Wait, it was funny that Mr. Peanut (?) died in a "fiery" road crash? And now it's NOT funny because Kobe Bryant died essentially trying to avoid the day-to-day road carnage down below, which no one could have predicted? The advertising world is strange. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
What happened to the GOP being the party of fiscal responsibility? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | #SmartNews 
Can Money Markets Support Derivative Margin Calls? 
Breaking: China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. #Hauwei #5G #UK 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism. The complementarian’s wife is usually walking five full steps behind him with her eyes downcast (this is law), wearing a floor-length dress and an Amish-style bonnet. 
Opinion: Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
@realDonaldTrump will have to deal with the truth! @Ufc26 @carlquintanilla McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #satire 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere #Satire #Christianity 
@QArmyRanger @USMCVet4Trump @EdwardTHardy @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the propaganda. I prefer factual sources. 
Reminder that Jim Baker was accused of rape by Jessica Hahn. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
.@wlamb76 Report: Putting Head In Hands And Moaning Quietly Still Best Way To Get Through Next Several Seconds 
⁦@laloalcaraz⁩ this must be every one from East of the Mississippi: There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. 
Joel Osteen Releases Pop-Up Theology Book 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
@BernieSanders Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Ever wonder where the banning of rights came from? Take the current VAgina move to ban guns; this has a birth in biblical times. 
no #AdamSchiff it's you and your friends who tamper with election NOT #WTP2020 
Investigators hired by Jeff Bezos claim his phone was hacked by Saudi Arabia. In today's episode of The Journal podcast, @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf explain how Bezos and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman became archenemies. 🎧 Listen: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Pray tell me, where the f*** is the #TeaParty? Racist shits — it was all about waging a race war against the first black President. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
WASHINGTON, D.C.—In an emergency, overnight referendum, the American people voted on Thursday to replace the United States Senate with a room full of monkeys throwing feces. 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
@AliceAvizandum “Heroic neighbor praised, gay” 
But how's the N95 mask division? 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
With #Brexit and uncertain future trade-relationships between the UK and its partners ahead, @stevenmnuchin1 announced in London after #wef20 that he sees a UK-US trade agreement to be signed in 2020 already. #trade #davos 
Hi @ChrisMcGreal You write @guardian that Kushner never talked with the Palestinians before crafting his peace plan. This isn't true. As multiple media outlets reported, they met in June, 2017. 
Demand for 3M face masks surges amid virus threat but broader slump leads to job cuts via 
Boeing supplier Arconic said it expected to lose $400 million in sales and could cut jobs this year as a result of the plane maker’s halted production of the 737 MAX. 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. 
@MichaelTCoffee libs be like: 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
There are cracks starting to form on the @GOP facade. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial #MAGA #TRUMP 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
This is what the @DNC is really telling people if they would just take their blinders off &amp; see &amp; listen 2 what Dems have said. They claim Russian, Ukrainian &amp; other excuses 4 losing elections instead of admitting WE don't want THEM! @realDonaldTrump 
@DennisOltorik @LancasterSkip @Willie700WLW Rightwingnut stuff like this. 
From opinion: U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey. 
@LeonydusJohnson little satire for u. I believe it as well. 
Homes: Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
Can’t believe I’m alive to see Israel partitioned for a two-state solution again. Seeing the maps of what a potential Palestinian state could look like, as well as what Israel could look like with the Jordan Valley— it’s almost a bit overwhelming. 
Interesting. Previous headline was “Mr. #McConnell does not have the votes to block witnesses.” 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
So sad but so true..... 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via 
This ignores the main crux of the problem: both groups claim Jerusalem as their center via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
: BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist 
@SenJeffMerkley And yet, a constitutional law scholar says... #impeachmentsham 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
When #Satire is too close to the truth for comfort. 🤦🏽‍♀️ Stephen Miller Hurt At Being Passed Over For Job Stalking Female Ambassador 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay WILL THEY BE PLACED IN ISOLATION FOR 2 OR MORE WEEKS SO AS TO NOT SPREAD THRU AMERICA??? 
@reidfam99 @KSLcom Wrong. Voter suppression is a myth. 
The “AR” in it stands for “AR-15 Rifle” and the 15 stands for “50% more than 10.” Quick Mafs. 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Roger Federer Worried Fans Only Like Him For His Tennis Record 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle-class via 
@FoxFriendsFirst @ToddPiro Meanwhile 4 more Americans were killed defending this country..were is the sorrow or attention fir these heroes? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
As House managers of impeachment trial talk about subpoenaing former national security adviser John Bolton it is significant that they previously decided to forego this testimony during House inquiry: via 
From Discover on Google 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat - #furisdead #furisnotfashion 
@pikerel @Rhonda_Resists @fatdogz @joniernst @gatewaypundit You may be interested in knowing that both the and the Census Bureau agree with Fox's stats. 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales #Apple @Apple @studio_fs @CalRestaurants #Cupertino #SanJose #SiliconValley #appleearnings #myfcsi 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
An excellent article on the importance of reading to infants 
@DuffelBagDustin @djmacjr @DougPolkPoker Seems like a good place for this article. 
“Never before has there been such a force to transcend the sectarian identity,” says ⁦@AcrossTheBay⁩, the @FDD’s veteran observer.” 
: Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Supervisor Encourages Interns To Take On More Responsibilities Of 3 Full-Time Staff Members 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
😂HAHAHAHA!!! ~ "NINTH CIRCLE, HELL—Stressing that the situation in the underworld was quickly spiraling out of... 
This is for the "China is doing a great job disclosing so much info on #coronavirus" kind of guys. #Wuhan di 
@iamlaurenfox Scorpio | Oct. 23 to Nov. 21 After a long, hard search for a hot meal and a place to sleep, you finally just reheat yesterday’s pizza and sack out on the couch. 
As a person currently under the influence of dayquil, this piece really resonated with me. 
Iran Announces They Will Stop Pretending To Follow Nuclear Deal | 
The latest on the #KobeBryantcrash: the helicopter was descending at 2,000 feet a minute and wasn't equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system, the NTSB said. w/ @bzcohen 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
Daniel Akst reviews “Friendship” by @LydiaDenworth via 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
I remember receiving my first fax in 1991. I was SOMEBODY. Today, who has a fax machine? I spent several hours last week trying to fax a written report from one physician to another. Why rely on 90s technology? via 
"Homes, like stocks, are a part of consumers’ overall wealth, meaning the housing slowdown, in turn, could further eat away at global growth if homeowners feel less well-off and curb their spending." 
this. see 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces @GOP @senatemajldr 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #TornadoTrump 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@BernieSanders Bernie Sanders Holds Secret Campaign Meeting With 15,000 Working-Class Democratic Donors 
Pros And Cons Of Economic Sanctions 
Why%20Can%27t%20We%20Return%20To%20How%20Peaceful%20The%20World%20Was%20Before%20Guns? 
I'll start paying attention if and when the witnesses are allowed to testify. News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Yikes Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
A fun reason to do archival research: to restore a vintage bike as originally as possible @freesmog1 A Vintage Police Motorcycle Gets a Second Run 
Editorial: If #coronavirus spreads, China might have to resort to a draconian lockdown that could trigger a recession that its trade deal with the U.S. was intended to prevent. When China sneezes, the rest of the world catches more than a cold.     
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
@MariaGiner5 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
How can we use digital technologies to make humans feel more—not less—connected? Read more on taking a more human approach here: 
@MindofTorres you do realize is the military 
LATEST -- #McConnell Says #GOP Does NOT Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses "Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting" #WitnessesAndDocuments #BoltonTestify #JohnBoltonMustTestify #MitchMcConnell #ImpeachmentTrial 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses “The bar for impeachment cannot be set this low,” said Jay Sekulow, Excuse me but does that mean a BJ remains HIGH on the bar according to the terms of the GOP? 
This is some 3D chess...omg GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@realDonaldTrump Curious about this other religious supporter of yours. What bible verse did you read to stormy? 
Okay but has anyone swooped in with a hot take explaining the weirdly high (I think?) number of Senators drinking milk on the floor?! Were there cookies? I don't understand. 
@Mimirocah1 @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenTedCruz @SenAlexander It doesn't matter what they believe or what the evidence indicates. All that matters is their short-sighted self-preservation in the Era of Trump. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via Wow! 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
The UKG’s decision to work with Huawei threatens US national security &amp; cannot be overlooked. Post-BREXIT, the UK will need to make hard choices about where it’s future lies. Rejecting Brussels only then to choose Beijing is a damnable choice. 
The Wall Street Journal: "U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - The Wall Street Journal" 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
@renato_mariotti has that figured out: 
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs - #1 - Article suggests customers have left AA and SWA for Delta and others because of the lack of the flying MAX8. Utter nonsense. 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Too funny @cnn #FakeNewsCNN 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
From : Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Wonderful set of charts in this article a couple screens down: 
@Lovemypupper @yashar @maggieNYT @nytmike Just to remind folks, that $1.7 billion was a ransom payment for the release of hostages taken by Iran. 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache #MAGA #TRUMP 
"That means polygenic scores will offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what is innate and what is added by the environment." @CharlesMurray's essay in today's , adapted from his new book. 
@SenSanders #Bernie2020 Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses do your job - Mitt could be the next POTUS:) 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses mr mitt your are scum. if Trump doesn't win in 2020 . the country goes democrat for life. what about your grandchildren. my grandfather kill this country 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
US Higher Education system is at risk from Chinese buyouts from all fronts from cheating entry to university via our testing systems, buying up bankrupt private institutions, creating false on-campus cultural orgs. worse, buying our own Professors. 
Lmfao 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
50,413 people injured slicing avocados! #SuperBowl #guacamole #avocado 
@SWHesq @jlamiam @JoeConchaTV Not wrong! 
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received." [Was rated as top chemist in the world. ] 
#WR: The U.K. government’s decision will not affect its relationships with the U.S. And this opening is the best marketing to Huawei in its effort to invade all the world with its equipment and technology. via 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade #MAGA #TRUMP 
only horoscopes I trust. january 28, 2020 
» Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
The gist of this article is that Pete's campaign has serious problems with lack of inclusivity &amp; outreach to POC. You'd never know from the headline though. Just "personnel issues." 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election! 😱😱 
Taxi Driver Just Taking His Time As If Man Not Late For Color Me Mine Pottery Party 
WTF Havard snobs. #coronavirus 
BREAKING: Unnamed sources claim @CNN is trying to smooth things over with #Republicans 
@PATRIQT_1776 @Impeachedforty5 @jdd2169 @Michael16862235 @808constituent @BigFurryNemo @SONADORLIVESON @ethanrafael7 @9CatGhosts @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @MrFly187 @QuareFellas @lou_bruette @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @aorgat @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 Lord. It’s algorithms and IP addresses. So shut down Dot. Hey ... breaking news. 
From Discover on Google 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
⁦@Viking_Iron_Maj⁩ Thoughts? 
“Elite fragmentation collapses states; social movements don’t." 
This was obvious from the start, Democrats have nothing. #ImpeachedForLife #impeachment 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
#ImpeachmentTrial Ken Starr up and just read this for first time. @Franklin_Graham, @JerryFalwellJr seriously how can #Evangelical leaders be spending any time campaigning for President @realDonaldTrump when we have lost leaders in need of guidance. 
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. via 
"Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom" -- holy crap, @IntrovertDear, that's my nightmare. #IntrovertProblems 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups! #MusicMonday 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
» AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
The Fed successfully flooded markets with cash late last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide when and how to wind down the program A few considerations: 
@CavazosLiz @seungminkim @maggieNYT McConnell has according to the : 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break #lol #comedy 
Breaking: Comey Hearing Confirms Whatever You Already Wanted To Believe | 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Well done, BB. 😝 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election @TheBabylonBe op 
The #SEC is the latest of regulators to raise concern around #cybersecurity practices. In its report, the SEC provides guidelines on how financial-services co's should handle sensitive data &amp; safeguard itself against cyber attacks: via @JimRundle 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | This is quite entertaining. But also disturbing because some trump supporters buy this stuff. Crazy! 😜 #trump 
: “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
CIOs Share Their Priorities for 2020 
American AI startups still account for the lion's share of venture-capital deals, but their proportion is slipping 
Virginia May Kill Right to Work 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal | 
: Local Man Declares Self Tax-Exempt As Temple Of The Holy Spirit 
#ECU4842 The analytics collected from this feature might provide #PESTEL technological analysis on common characteristic of predators. Might give AI researchers a #opportunity for training systems to find predator accounts on different apps / contexts. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@ImNotOwned @ArtemisSong42 @zachdcarter They're basically making this argument, but unironically. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election An 🇺🇸 election rigged by American taxpayers? How unAmerican can we get?? 
The yield on the 10-year Treasury briefly inverted this morning, dipping below that of the three-month bill. w/@Annaisaac and @ahirtens 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
What to Know About the Health Impact of Australia's Wildfires #climatechange #healthcare 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Grocers offering online orders are testing automated micro-fulfillment systems that can fulfill 4000 orders per week while occupying little space (@smithjenbk / Wall Street Journal) 
Hong Kong is in recession as fears of the coronavirus outbreak spreads. #cherribi 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
The investigative content that I signed up for 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized #Housing Slowdown via @sechaney “It mat­ters be­cause the hous­ing mar­ket is a big as­set mar­ket which has quite large po­ten­tial impacts on con­sumer spend­ing,” via Adam Slater @OxfordEconomics 
@juanitagant @CNN @GOP I think that’s where it went. This is just as much about Biden as it’s about trump. 
lol Brilliant! 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Next trial involving #Roundup #weedkiller is postponed to allow for more settlement talks; @FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati discusses the potential impact on thousands of related cases by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
Tech: “You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
"But sneering hashtags, “Saturday Night Live” skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them." Mitch Derangement Syndrome 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Older article. Seriously humorous. 
Soon to be available on ebay 
it might not fly, but this plan has one thing going for it (that the #EU won't like): it clears the air from the custom of expecting different behavior by the two sides, both during negotiations and after. @vtchakarova @RobertMCutler @amlivemon 
The is reporting that McConnell has told his caucus that they DON'T have the votes to block witnesses from appearing!! Now, nothing is for certain until there's a vote. If you've called your Senators, call again. If you haven't called, call now!! 
Buttigieg is silent on an innovative snd successful charter school program for poor and minority kids because it offends Unions. Pete and the Purdue Charter 
Potential problems for US are mounting. As noted by @AmrithRamkumar in @wsjmarkets, US crude oil recently logged its fifth consecutive decline -- 
Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career 
Of course, they all claimed it wasn't them -- New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist 
Virginia Governor Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 😂😂😂😂😂 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right #MAGA #TRUMP 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
I love you 
lol he might wanna win this thing iunno 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
What happens when a failed casino developer is allowed to run this country. #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #WorstPresidentinHistory #MoronInChief #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #cryingformycountry 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
@seanhannity @RickZabel_WNY Definitely focus on poop in SF and not the $1 trillion deficit PER YEAR that will become 98% of GDP in 10 years 
UpLink Platform Unites Changemakers Worldwide 
Looks like somebody is going to be getting a whole lot more #compliance #training soon. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #Harvard 
other than implying that average and replacement-level are the same, this is pretty good 
Gotta' love the BEE! 
Dear editors: Same. 
"The @realDonaldTrump administration, confident @NicolasMaduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions." The administration didn't know #Russia seeks to thwart nearly all #US foreign policy objectives? 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment 
: 18332ad1-0255-46b1-a949-0e4441f5556f 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentTrial 
After Bolton accurately criticized Bush's concessions to North Korea in this op-ed 
is such high level satire, it’s satire is satirical 
Chortle. 
@EliseStefanik GOP And It’s Allies Are Lying To American Public ! . . GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
The Wall Street Journal: How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela. via @GoogleNews 
still the best artcle 
Haven't they heard about christine Lagarde's golden age. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@TonyMHodge @LeonydusJohnson Are you kidding?They prayed for it. Now they are literally pissed off that nobody died. If gun control advocates really cared about safety, they'd be outraged at all of the repeat violent offenders we let out or bond out and harm again. All agenda. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
I'm a fan of William, so happy that my leadership style is closest to his. However, I used to like Harry. 
Collusion? 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Fascinating insight into the Iranian establishment as it faces worst public unrest and anger since 1979. @SuneEngel has more on the rifts within, including *that* moment where President Rouhani left Khamenei's Friday sermon early #Iran 
Dumbshit Trump Promises U.S. Will Continue To Recognize, Preserve Palestinians' Historic Refugee Camps 
Department Of Transportation Announces New Highway Concert Series 
The #Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak is breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
I’ve been saying this for years! ‘The Princess Bride’ Officially Recognized As Inspired Scripture 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
@joshtpm This article from 1999, by the author of “The Language of Law and the Foundations of American Constitutionalism,” and Director of the Bicentennial of the Constitution, is enlightening 
For the record, and because I am seeing a lot of b.s pertaining to this, Bernie campaigned vigorously for Hillary, far more so than she did for Obama. Receipts below. : Bernie Sanders Packs Schedule With Campaign Stops for Hillary Clinton 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth 
A must read. False Prophet 
Paging John Bolton, come on down. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He’s Trying To Win Election 
Congress Approves $3 Billion In Military Aid For Netanyahu To Defend Self Against Israeli Justice System 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
😂😂😂🤣🤣 Trump's missionary deed 
.⁦@DanRather⁩ McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachmentHearings 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
Satire. Parodies. Things #liberals on the #Left* just can't understand. Watch them report this to @snopes as #FakeNews. *Yes @AOC, there IS a left, &amp; you're taking it over a cliff. #Virginia2A #Virginia2ARally #2A #GunsSaveLives #SecondAmendment #Trump2020 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan 
SUR supporters have sent thousands of calls and emails demanding witnesses testify. Your work is paying off. But there are two days of questions before the Senate votes on witnesses. We have to keep the pressure on. Call and email your Senators every day. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Hilarious 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
What We're Reading 📰: “10 years ago, if someone was a #CIO you could list four basic things they do. Now it’s more of a question of what kind of CIO are you.” has the story. #technology #Leadership #TuesdayMotivation 
The head of the WHO praised China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak, as the U.S. raised its travel alert for China to its second-highest level and as other governments reduced exposure to travelers from China. @StephanieAYang 
What an intricately-knitted tent we all just thrive along inside of...👋🙏👏 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
@joy31608 @mnewsince @jboogiebrown @TheOralBuffet @elvislver56 @QueenPeace2017 @Philly59020897 @SpeakTruth911 U.S. HOSPITALS AREN'T READY FOR THE CORONAVIRUS! From opinion: U.S. Hospitals Need To Tighten Up Their Infection Control To Prepare For The Coronoavirus. In A Recent CDC Drill, Only 36% Of Health-Care Staff Washed Their Hands, Writes Betsy McCaughey! 
Supermarkets are closing their pharmacies, as consumers are increasingly getting 90-day supplies of their medicines or getting prescriptions delivered in the mail. Meantime, profits are ever harder to come by as the health-care industry consolidates. 
Catalyst Capital Advisors, which bought and sold options, lost $700 million on bearish bets. It settled claims with regulators that it misled investors about procedures for limiting losses. Paid $10.5 million. via @davidamichaels markets 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Epstein connections Jeff Stibel and Jeffrey Epstein were together on the advisory board of the lifeboat foundation Kobe Bryant and Jeff Stibel Unveil $100 Million Venture Capital Fund via #Epstein 
Can't let this happen! 
Brian Stelter will produce satirical videos for , moving the site into the realm of video content for the first time. Again, though, his show's content will remain unchanged. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - freeing ⁦@CNN⁩ from acting like a real news organization. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] Why the warning? If some yahoo snowflake bitches to Twitter about a satirical tweet about which they have been forewarned, in my senility, I actually think it will make a difference. Please don't unfollow me because I'm a sap. 
U.S.—President Trump's historic impeachment trial began today, but nobody noticed as everyone was too excited about Taco Tuesday to care. #TacoTuesday 
He was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them, so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life and how He could also save her from her sins.” 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
GOP being suckered again!! Another Kavanaugh moment! GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
$CCL Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages 
Wow, the homepage looks less shitty than it has at any point in the last two years. Please check it out! 
For the latest from the world’s most unstoppable media juggernaut, visit 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@realDonaldTrump SIR ! I Have Breaking News LMAO #Trump2020 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Leading Democratic candidates are betting on states that will be part of a slate of Super Tuesday contests and other March primaries. 
Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's manuscript last year, but wasn't briefed on its contents, sources say. He first learned about Bolton's allegations when the New York Times contacted the White House on Sunday. 
@newyscruggs while your at it don't forget Nike 💰💰 
"High fiscal and current-account deficits mean that countries will need to attract more investment from overseas or risk sharp depreciations in their currencies, adding to the cost of debt repayments." @Annaisaac in 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
So much for the Boris-Donald special relationship on trade. via 
Halfway through this article I threw up in my mouth. 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
FFL Partners-backed Eyemart Express considering sale of its business, with stores in 40 states, via ⁦@LCooperReports⁩ ⁦⁩ #PrivateEquity 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
Climate Change Is Affordable - 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Way too funny; 
A Belated Lesson From a Murdered Ancestor 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Who would they have to offer? 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Funny because it’s true 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did" 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
.@Joe_Nye weighs in on the "Five Best" presidents that embody morality in foreign policy from FDR to Trump. 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 21, 2020 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
'TRUMP WAS MERELY SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH THAT PORN STAR,' EXPLAINS JIM BAKKER “It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously &amp; while their child was only months old,” a solemn Bakker 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@lemieuxdavid @lucky_budd Doctors across the U.S. are bracing for an epidemic of knife-related injuries on Super Bowl Sunday. The cause? Amateur guacamole makers accidentally stabbing, cutting and slicing their hands. #AvocadoHand 
MAGA Country edition! New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
It me Health Scare Prompts Man To Start Overeating Healthier 
I quit ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
I wish would stick to parody! This is hard news! 
i'll answer that for you. its a brutally good band. harvard scientists can suck my ass and go on strike until that classist university lowers their ridiculously high tuition fees 
CNN and Ignorance 
Phones That Can Read Your Mind 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Satire Tweet #2 () "Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child" 
So help me, if this were available for real, my husband would buy this. He’s not a worship leader, but he is a musician, a guitar collector, and increasingly a lover of all thongs plaid. Yeah, I know. But he really is a great guy, so... . 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. 
Taco Bell Unveils New Taco With Shell Made From Doritos Bags 
IT’S TACO TUESDAY!! Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland #China would be reduced significantly due to the #coronavirus via 
"New York state lawmakers say they are optimistic a law to regulate and tax recreational #marijuana will be enacted in the coming months, perhaps as part of a new state budget that must be adopted by April." More via . 
Without help, skin starts to lose its function as a barrier against infection around middle age via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A #MAGA Hat 
Mitch is in good company. They turned Cheney into the devil as well. Meanwhile, party at Weinstein's house! 
‘Aha!’ Shouts Devin Nunes Pulling Back Shower Curtain In Hopes Of Revealing Hidden FBI Agent 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate #sarcasm #people 
@judyyh @BenMandelker If you want to feel wicked nostalgic, read how Patty in Boston and Steve in Weymouth bemoan the loss of the Dunkies styrofoam cup. 
Truth is, we have no way of knowing how many are dead. #coronavirus All authoritarian regimes are opaque. Secrecy can kill. (@)k! "Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster" - @AEIfdp's Wolfowitz &amp; Frost 
@LeonLush @JustinWhang These tips from the '90s are worth revisiting 
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to heal rifts opened amid protests and U.S. pressure via 
Romney makes "forceful" case for Bolton testimony at GOP lunch 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
More and more we are all becoming Edith Heare. 
@por_ous @almielag wonderful both of you are here just read this and thought about you two 
@tobosbunny Been that way for a while now. 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Seems like a winning way to up their declining numbers of viewers. When satire mirrors reality CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
$XLNX Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Its Workforce 
"You're fired!" 
Gov Northam demands black protesters be arrested for wearing blackface at a 'White Supremacist' rally! Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@EnigmaDayna @CNN Here, stick with this news organization. It's perfect for you. 
Don't give me hope 
So now they are pre-blaming the people? I've gotta read this to see what they are writing about. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
An explosion in food deliveries precipitates a crackdown on single-use utensils, straws and packaging. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Can ANYONE be this gullible??? 
Well, y'know, there's this. 
@SenAlexander The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
The arrest of penetration testers in Iowa last year has the industry abuzz over the personal dangers faced by cybersecurity staff. Mental health and burnout are also a concern. via @InfoSecHotSpot 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Cool to see this @wsj article about the #AmazonSymphonyOrchestra and other musical groups in tech! 🎻 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The print-machine is always on folks. Get some Cryptocurrencies. $BTC $ETH $BOLT $BNB $ZIL $MATIC #Crypto #Blockchain 
Shokin had *sabotaged* the Burisma investigation, by slow-walking the process until British authorities couldn’t keep freezing assets. (This was one of the things that got people mad!) That’s according to such a left-wing rag, The Wall Street Journal. 
Major consolidation in auto-parts supply chains underway as BorgWarner moves to buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion deal via 
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Measures to Contain Coronavirus Falter, Rattling Global Markets 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Gotta love them tacos! Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Absolutely gobsmacked that Kobe Bryant's helicopter wasn't equipped with a terrain warning system, which may have literally saved the lives of everyone on board. We'll never know for sure. 
At least one, please! Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
Good! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments | 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
😂 Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
@UnabashedMisfit @cranstonl1972 @MoveOn @AOC Also: 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Dems Criticize Trump For Not Taking Ownership Of The Sinking Of The Titanic | 
Bernie Sanders Spends Relaxing Afternoon At Target Ranting At Wide Selection Of Deodorants 
Democrat Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election. Can you believe Stiff said this?? 
@StormyDaniels Thought I would pass this onto you from Jim Bakker. 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus. Helpful info from ’s ⁦@betswrites⁩: 
Satire... or is it? “Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election.” 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
"Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’" BTS 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election / That's down right unacceptable. Just let the Democrats pick for you. #morningjoe #CNN #FoxNews #SenateImpeachmentTrial 
'New York Times' Now To Be Printed Only On Far-Left Side Of Page 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
And no one noticed a thing. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
The John Bolton Report (Wall Street Journal) 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
“San Jose has long been the stepchild of Sil­i­con Val­ley. [In the 1950s] the city des­ig­nated rel­a­tively lit­tle land for com­mer­cial use, &amp; mostly missed out as Palo Alto, Cu­per­tino &amp; other towns around Stan­ford be­came startup cen­tral...” 1/2 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Private Photos of Indicted Donor Depict Ties to Trump, Giuliani 
“#Israelis will say ‘yes’ or ‘yes, but.' Key #Arab states will probably say ‘maybe’ in order to stay on the right side of Donald Trump. #Palestinians will say ‘hell no.’ ” @felschwartz &amp; @mgordonwsj on Kushner's one-sided peace plan to nowhere: 
Is Olear part of the 21st c Tammany Hall "#StopSanders" campaign w Bernard Schwartz, Pelosi, Schumer, Clintons, Obamas, Buttigieg, et al? Or is he just another antiSlav bigot who is profiting off of spreading hatred and fear? #BlameRussia 
@GovGoneWild @HalseyBeshears @GovRonDeSantis @IJ Read her story and about the - no joke - STING OPERATIONS FL was doing against her She lost in court, which is RIDICULOUS. But this law needs reform. 
This is so courageous. #EndMisogyny #LetChicksShovelTheDriveway #metoo 
"Later, Lemon and the geese went out for lattes and studied geography." 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
I knew it! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Nothing I say of this tragedy is new or original. But it's given me comfort to share others' words. Maybe it can help someone else too. #MambaForever #KobeFarewell #824 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China via ⁦⁩ These allegations are scary. 
That'll work. This is so effective when responding to other's posts. 
Study Finds Average Squirrel Lives Through Human Equivalent Of 7 Action Films Every Day 
Letters:Solve Exemption Problem By Ending #Tariffs—Instead of buying dumped slabs in partnership with #China,make them here &amp; hire more American workers &amp; invest in America &amp; r national security. U r not entitled 2 dumped slabs 4 your success-#MakeItHere 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Joni Ernst gets some coverage 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Gone fish in’ 🐟 
It's a disgrace that the federal government is charging Americans for evacuation from Wuhan. 
The defense highlighted how Haley remained in touch with Weinstein long after the alleged assault, asking to see him, pitching projects and reminiscing about their time together. “I wanted him to love me as a person… for professional reasons,” she said. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child #MAGA #Trump2020 #KAG 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For .Infanticide 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Hey @Robert_Jeffress is the new way of sharing the gospel? 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
things aren't going the way #MoscowMitch promised his dear leader SAD via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
WELL IF THE SENATE GIVES THE DEMS BOLTON, THE REP WILL ASK FOR BIDEN &amp; BO &amp; SCHUMER &amp; FEINSTEIN &amp; MORE &amp; AMERICA WILL SPEND BILLIONS MORE FOR "NOTHING" THANKS DEMS. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
Report: CLICKING THIS LINK Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
: Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@realDonaldTrump Yessir, things are going spectacularly well here in the critical swing state of Minnesota. 
@eugene_kingi @no1listened @newheart4sandy @Mrtimrock @realDonaldTrump This might help you eugene 😉 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via ⁦⁩ 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
I find it a bit journalistically dishonest that ⁦⁩ hasn’t formally (ie, ironically, non-ironically) endorsed Sanders because they clearly have and for months now. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' through his Penis Explains Jim Bakker | 
rapporterar att Huawei tillåts i UK att delta i utbyggnaden av 5G. China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
John Bolton agrees to testify in exchange for seafood. (satire) 
#Recipe for a #Cake Seriously Worth the Splurge - The Wall Street Journal 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
In a Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN. If this were truly the case, CNN' reporting would become more factual. 🤣 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Who’s winning in the investment bank league tables? See the 's scorecard to find out 
@kitkatmom_md @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
‘Arabesque’ Review: A Line as Distinctive as It Is Variable ‘Suave,’ ‘scrolling,’ ‘sinuous’: However one describes it, the ‘arabesque’ takes on a vibrant life of its own. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 🤣🤣 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout - 
The new California labor law AB5 is causing trouble far and wide. via 
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would via 
Planters pause my grandma’s death next 😢 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge #WhatDoYouThink? 
Whoaaa!!! 
Oh snap, he’s playing hardball now 
Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Workforce 
“If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We (Democrats) simply can't allow that to happen.” 
Jeff Rooks, another winner for the Bee! 
Lemme guess. trump was merely fucking the hell out of her. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
: Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Report: Everyone Starting New Exciting Stage Of Life Except You 
irrationally made at this name, as is required for an a capella group 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - The Wall Street Journal 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
Here we go John Bolton : Mitch McConnell doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses #ImpeachmentHearings 
John Bolton is a staunch conservative credible with Republicans and is not a man who will back down from his principles. The exact reasons why the statements in his book regarding the Ukraine are a problem for the Trump Administration. #ImpeachmentTrials 
The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a "terrain awareness" system that could have provided information about the mountainous area in which it crashed 
Too 'conservative'! 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via . Maybe we can get our country and constitution back. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial The only joy that we get from this is in knowing that the Senators have to sit, watch, and listen as they are bored to the brink of death. 
DC Democrats...the most un American politicians I've ever witnessed subverting an American Presidency. 
CNN Uncovers Evidence Hero Dog Sniffed Dozens Of Butts Back In College 
No, this is fine, people. Totally normal... Really... 
This is a satire post. But I think the Democrats have never been more sure that they are going to lose the next election. They believed Hillary would beat Trump easily. Since they... 
Satire Tweet #4 () "Biden Asks Advisors How Much Longer He Has To Pretend To Be Confused And Doddering To Avoid Criticism" 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Fascist, anti-America, anti-Constitution governor- Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@MikeDelMoro @MSNBC He must not have seen the report yet huh? 
Oh how I love ’s consistently good work. 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
This but unironically. 😂 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - . Woohoo! #AmericansWantWitnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses 
The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
‘A Border Wall Is Immoral,’ Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since the aftermath of World War II over the next decade, a CBO report says 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Just when you thought Trump’s religious advisors couldn’t be more hideous, here comes Jim Baker. 
Why Some #AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says via . @tradernickfx read this .....👑 
.⁦@Jim_Bakker⁩, and his fellow hypocrites, will say anything to put a shine on .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ But there’s just not enough polish in the world to put a shine on that turd. #VeteransAgainstTrump #Hypocrites 
Oh come on this is just funny. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume Is this for real? Is this man seriously this crass? Omg! 
A Florida businessman is the latest to plead guilty to corruption involving Ecuador’s state-controlled oil company via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV #hotelnews #hospitalitynews #lodging #occupancy 
GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
It's "Totalitarians unmasked." time: Fascist Democrats: "Voters? Voters? We don't want no frigg'n voters deciding elections!" As schiffilis Schiff might have well said gravely. "We... 
@gCar @PsychePlays also, it’s dangerous: 
Problem is, the #Palestinian Authority doesnt want their own State. They'd much rather continue killing Jews and cry victim and get handouts from the @UN living in poverty and misery. If #MahmoudAbbas wanted peace he has but to say so... #WasteOfTime 
Pompeo, noted by . 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣 "We even have good reason to suspect that pretty much anyone anywhere is currently in the process of developing a nucleararsenal.”  
Schumer rejects Lankford idea on reading Bolton book in secure setting: "What an absurd proposal," he said. "It is a book. There is no need for it to be read in the SCIF unless you want to hide something," 
Great! @THEDonnaPiranha 
: Bolton's book says what "nearly everyone already assumed": withholding Ukraine aid was tied to the investigation of Biden, but this bribery solicitation is not a crime or misdemeanor. Wait, what? #Impeach via 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
IQ and the Wall Street Journal 
#Healed. Sins wiped away. Hallelujah, Melanoma will be relieved. #Rump Was Merely Sharing The #Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
ALERT. BREAKING: NY State Legislators reinstate Capital Punishment for all felonies and misdemeanors. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Viva ⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ Plan for Mideast Peace 
Trump’s Defense Says Democrats Have Failed to Make Impeachment Case - The Wall Street Journal - 
Is it ever OK to go barefoot on a plane?: - 
President Trump's Middle East peace plan charts a two-state course for Israelis and Palestinians. ’s Jerry Seib highlights three pressures that could bring Palestinians to the negotiating table. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@revreaves @joelockhart I'm not taking issue with that; tastes differ. I'm just saying the Bee often goes after Trump and the kind of Christians who think Trump can do no wrong. You might enjoy this one, lol: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Like Warren G. Harding, Joe Biden is running on a return to normalcy. And it’s working, even if some of his ideas aren’t really unifying, writes @kyleopeterson via 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Researchers Discover Cure For Man Bun 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone (Satire) ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@RepMaxineWaters⁩ ⁦@ericswalwell⁩ 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
@HassenOccident @CobaltAnthony @nikitakarachoi @MrSam144 @MGigantoraptor @HygieneMentale @Tzitzimitl @VledTapas @Acermendax Pour la sortie du livre, un article de Charles Murray dans le *Wall Street Journal* : « Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science. Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective. » 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
@NorsePole567 @RepLeeZeldin Vindman’s brother happens to work at NSC. The place where people in our government get books approved. The one that can’t be named is 
"The FCA’s study called latency arbitrage a 'tax' amounting to 0.0042% of daily stock-trading volume." #corpgov 
Here's a #mustread link posted last week See the rest at 
#HFT costs to regular investors back in the news. Cue up #IEX and Brad Katsuyama 
One day away from Pelosi Whiskey Wednesday 🤣— over to you Madam Speaker. Stay solemn, my friend. Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - #YearOfTheRat #Coronavirus 
@TrumpSu18439194 @kathy_markovich @LindaCollins11 It's a parody site: 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden #satire #reality 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: Hong Kong cuts transport links with China to contain coronavirus * Nikkei: Indonesia's wealth gap spurs Muslims to join 'economic jihad' * : Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@realDonaldTrump Hey, great news, you lose! 
Sounds about right! @CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Trump's Impeachment Trial -- Live Analysis - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @emilycadei 
Survivors Mark 75th Anniversary of Auschwitz Liberation - #MARGAUXMONET 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
The paper of record has its say 
@CompoundBoss Oh shit 
Concerns About Cloud Security Prompt More Scrutiny from Financial Regulators via @CFOJournal 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
Anyone moving to California? A Modern Mansion on Malibu’s Tony Beachfront Lists for $115 Million - 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl ad campaign following Kobe Bryant's death 
🤣🤣🤣 "Slamming the campaign for promoting the popular podcaster’s backing, liberals said Friday that Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election." 
Was that before trump raw dogged her or after? 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
There is great demand to invest in Bonds early this year. Contact me if you are interested to invest in our Fixed Income UK Bonds which delivers fantastic annual yields while at the same time provides insurance cover on your principal!! 
@GOP Blind leading the blind explained by the blind imo. 
A bit of a stretch but yeah, there was some mention of 'Peter' and 'Acts.' 
Harvard chemistry professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about financials ties with China 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity 
@ManuelR38312662 @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Which party runs on fiscal responsibility again? 
How much more irrelevant can CNN get? 'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
"Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial." And so they begin to crack. GET THEM @SenateDems 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores #Warehouse #logistics #realestate 
A huge relief, if true, that the Senate will bring in witnesses. This has happened in every impeachment trial in Senate history and is the minimum required for a fair and thorough trial. A good start if the Senate will clear at least that bar. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
.@VP So did trump have a 'cum' to Jesus meeting? 
Urggg....McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses 
Good Part: #Bernie militants who refused to show up for Hillary will be paying off DT's #TaxScam for their entire working careers... #IACaucus #NoOnBernie 
$JNJ CEO testifies on baby powder. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Meanwhile in DC, @SenatorRomney gets busted for bringing @byu #byu Creamery chocolate milk onto the senate floor during impeachment hearings. He pours it in a glass and that's OK. Via @wsj 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
🤣😂 Love Babylonbee 
And, he added, we won't find them in David Yarnold's attic! (ICYMI: (as you can probably tell, we like to have fun at @audubonsociety ) 
This will be interesting to see how much more information comes out in the next few weeks because China seems like they're severely under-reporting. Now some evidence people are being infected outside of Wuhan... 
New Feminist Tickle Me Elmo Just Says "That Was Not Consensual" 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Fast and efficient fulfillment, small footprint. @jensmith writes about our micro-fulfillment platform in : "Companies trying to get closer to customers and keep costs down turn to smaller sites heavy with automation." 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 😂 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - - via @shareaholic 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
Liberals say Bernie’s acceptance of @joerogan endorsement sends dangerous message he trying to win election. 
@jdb240 @RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump Dude, that is from a satire site. 
@brianstelter @ReliableSources @oliverdarcy Where is the proof? More smears by left!! 
@EYnews In today's , Richard J. Shinder does a fine job of spanking the Davos crowd. 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus #BioTech #Coronavirus 
Iran's Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, US Pressure - #GoogleAlerts 
'Apocalyptic thinking has always been wrong as a forecast, and it will continue to be wrong.' Laurence B. Siegel 
@CNN @washingtonpost @nytimes @foxandfriends The #Godfatherinchief knows he can get away with murder. #Republicans #RepublicanCoverUp #RepublicanSenators 
@KWnFX @hebrewservative @_1216715 @SteveKrak Really didn’t Obama tell us at 1.9% that it would be our new normal and didn’t he ridicule trump when he said he’d get it back to 3%?? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #satire 
Tragedy Mask Clearly Jealous Of Comedy Mask 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? | (SATIRE) 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands via 
Hahaha, gotta love the Babylon Bee Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
New drugs powered the company’s fourth-quarter sales, a sign that the drugmaker’s move to become smaller company and rely on its own laboratories for growth is starting to emerge. 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
If the Bob joke ever stops being funny, I will immediately resign from . 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Real-estate #startups are retreating from a growth-at-all-costs mode - 
She's fun. So much fun. All kinds of fun. #ILikeBernie 
J&amp;J CEO testified in court despite c/o attempts. Plaintiff argument: Gorsky's public statements on product's safety grounds to believe he contributed to the cover-up. J&amp;J argument: he wasn't directly involved in the product testing or development. #tuckcc 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Kidnapped Teen Freed, Though Freedom Is Its Own Kind Of Prison, Is It Not? 
Just Perfect 
@VoteBlue4Us @pirateannie16 @StephenBright @WhiteHouse Our Goverment is forcing evacuees to pay back the goverment for the plane flight!!! read the article! 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Progressive Group Launches 'Center For Advanced Ad Hominems' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@sandyhockey32 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Mediobanca to Buy Non-Performing Italian Loans from Deutsche Bank - 
@benjaminwittes @OrinKerr I dunno, there's also this: 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via danger correspondent @ailworth 
Me rn, startling passengers in a plane. YYYYES!!!! 
Three book dealers who source vintage volumes and create bespoke book collections for high-profile clients share trade tips and secrets via 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Will Silicon Valley remake San Jose in its own image? 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
markets: The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
The #Palestinians aren't participating because they do not want peace in the region. Their leadership is vested in political instability, #AntiSemitism and #Terrorism . @realdonaldtrump @Netanyahu @VP @dbongino #MahmoudAbbas @RashidaTlaib @IlhanMN 
The Democrats greatest fear is that Americans May Tamper With Next Election 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
😆😆🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
Not so easy, is it? 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Behind closed doors, Tillis has dropped all pretenses &amp; admitted he's only approaching this trial as to how it'll best help him politically. Not just that but he's now "warning" his colleagues to go along with a cover up to save his skin #ncsen #ncpol 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial | 
Trumponomics: U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects The government will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 and deficits will exceed that amount every year for the foreseeable future 
"All historians agree that the Soviets were held back from becoming a leftist utopia by Stalin's conservative policies." 
: ce513be4-3290-4b19-b84e-42ea597c1cb8 
@eddies0715 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
These Warren/Bernie internecine spats are getting wild 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrat Schiff ridicules CONSTITUTION: "When the Founders wrote that FOUNDER DOCUMENT THING, they never IMAGINED there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not AGREE with." 
⁦@senrobportman⁩ - you were adamant that the aide get released; now be adamant about truth and accountability McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
A Timeline Of U.S.–Iran Relations 
NEW: @UNITEHERE11, the union that almost derailed the December debate, has issued a joint endorsement of @BernieSanders and @ewarren 
😂😂😂 "CNN writers and hosts will be instructed to simply keep doing what they're doing" - #FNN In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Santander Profits Beat Expectations via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign ⁦@donlemon⁩ ⁦@TheRickWilson⁩ you guys are SO NICE 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on a Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income 
@redconmike @PatHedger18 @Google @twilabrase According to reporting, they have your full health record, name, DOB, lab results, and medical history. 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
@RawStory Does "NOT" ? 
The Standards of Life in ‘Elderhood’ Life expectancy increased more than 30 years in the last 100 years By Joseph Epstein – The Wall Street Journal 
💡 "The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life" 
This is so true! - A great illustration of how estate dispositive plans change over time! @Pfwright The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat - 
wsj: u.s. national debt will rise to 98% of gdp by 2030, cbo projects 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
@RonWaxman @RepJeffries @justinhendrix I guess their overwhelming evidence is not enough? 
Seedlip is only one of the many beverages vying for space in the non-alcoholic beverage space. 
Does this even count as satire if it's just taking what pundits actually said and making it 0.1% more ridiculous? 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Not surprised about how the Coronavirus started and was spread . 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. #KobeBryant 
@JFullerPolicy @khgottesman @mammagucchi @ScottPresler @HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge. .@HillaryClinton 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
President Trump planned to unveil his vision of peace in the Middle East at the White House with Israel’s prime minister at his side but without the Palestinians in attendance 
: In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
@RepAdamSchiff Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
This made me laugh so hard I peed my pants a little. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@realDonaldTrump McConnell says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to block Impeachment Witnesses! #WitnessesAndDocuments 
A Boundary-Busting Artist Seeks to ‘Learn Through the Chaos’ Two years after graduating art school, Vaughn Spann has museums collecting his work and a solo show opening in New York 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
I appreciate the Wall Street Journal's Billie Eilish explainer 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean #satire #joke 
@Stanley_2020UK @USAmbUK @SteveBakerHW @thesundaytimes The US removed .. all labelling of country of origin "COOL", a few years back, So that will be part of the deal. (But I shall leave you to your... "Hopes") Enjoy your Zeronol. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@sjr2009 @kathy_markovich @dmooresb It's a parody site: 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
"PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content" BTS 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. - Trump’s huge budget deficits pose a dangerous economic outlook over the next 10 years. 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @KimStrassel 
Some news from me and @mgordonwsj, the Trump administration has lined up tentative Arab support for its plan. More here: 
@JohnCornyn You are lying....again: 
If Bolton testifies he will find that being cross examined will no be the press event he and his publishers are hoping for. As for Romney, Sen. Loeffler was right to call him out as a turncoat. 
I guess there's even more cases: Any recommendations how we stem this threat? 
@cnn cements their Clown News Network title. CNN and Ignorance via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct 
Babylon bee cracks me up. 
@RedBlueUnite @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@MxMarineMom @Trumping_girl @joelpollak @MSNBC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump That meme is misleading. Biden did that for U.S. national interest, not his personal interest of getting re-elected. He went on stage &amp; said it, because there was nothing wrong with it. Unlike Trump, who put his call on a secret server. 
Xi Jinping held a press conference Monday to announce plans to combat the coronavirus by making it illegal to mention it within the next week. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
@BurdChaz @RepJeffries They were in a hurry to rush to judgment. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage 
It all sounds so familiar. At least Canada pursued criminal charges for the relevant execs -- a fact often overlooked in the DPA debate 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump I guess this all part of the grand plan to get rid of Social Security, Medicare, etc. That tax cut really worked for them! #TrumpCult 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
LAWLLLLL 
@DuckFootball @quack12podcast @alaskalute @TheRoboDuck I loved RoboDuck!! I remember the day he was hatched. Such an impressive gymnast &amp; appreciated his athleticism. Probably could have done some fun things with him &amp; the Duck together. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
* Two States * Endorsed by Arab powers * US/Arab subsidy of Palestine * Shared Jerusalem capital. * mandatory bill of rights and anti corruption laws for new state * recognition of Israel by Arab League 1/2 
EPA Administrator Proves Carbon Emissions Not Harmful By Inhaling Directly From Truck’s Tailpipe 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
#House of the Day: A Greenwich home where nature is front and center. via 
Letters: Why So Many Midcareer Doctors Burn Out via The Congress in its infinite wisdom has done its best to destroy medicine as a caring profession. 
: McConnel doesn't have the votes to Block Senate Witnesses Diane Feinstein: Hold my prune juice 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
😂😂😂 Touché. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@ddale8 Canada still not ratified. 
SCOOP (#ImpeachmentTrial) via 's @lindsaywise &amp; @siobhanehughes: GOP leaders say they don't have the votes needed right now to block witnesses being called in the Senate's #Trump #impeachment trial. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Secrecy can kill, but the 🇨🇳👿☠️#Chinese Communist Party #CCP cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost #WuhanOutbreak #Beijing #WuhanVirus via 
@ggreenwald @MaxBlumenthal @dancohen3000 CNN is under new management... 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It . Perhaps now CNN can become effective and important! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣😂 AND THERE WE HAVE IT!! @JimBakkerShow 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations via ⁦⁩ 
Elizabeth Warren Opens Casino To Help Finance Campaign ⁦⁩ has been genius lately. #Liawatha #Pocahontas 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . Just Wow! 
Deputy White House counsel Pat Philbin on the Senate floor: “How are we supposed to get the proof of what’s inside the president’s head?” 
British Airways Suspends all flights to Mainland China as Coronavirus Spreads. (cc to @MoCA_GoI ) @narendramodi 
In Genius Move, #PresidentTrump Supports I#mpeachment , Forcing #Democrats To Oppose 
The British regulator has concluded the overdraft market is dysfunctional, with major banks having aligned overdraft rates around 40%. My last story for 👇 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
NeoLiberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
this is fucked up 
Hiring remote workers allows companies to cherry-pick the best talent—wherever they happen to live. A perfect reason to provide them with a Walkabout Office to keep them connected to thier team and your company! @walkaboutworkplace 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
What...??!?!!??! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
"Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not,"| 
@JaySekulow #WitnessesAndDocuments are necessary for any trial, especially those with first hand information like Sondland, Bolton, Mulvaney and Duffey. The Bidens have no knowledge of what Dumpf did. This is not about them. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
I sometimes do 30 hours in two days...quit ya bytchin' 
China’s #Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation #5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
😁 "Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not" 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus via 
Great to see Deloitte's contribution: UpLink connects new generations of changemakers to the decision-makers who can implement the change needed for the next decade. Get involved. #ImpactThatMatters 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize #BREAKING #news 
Well, well, well. We'll see now won't we? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Teaser for Adam Davidson's new book "The Passion Economy: The New Rules for Thriving in the 21st Century." How niche businesses can flourish in an economy dominated by Fortune 500 firms 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Thanks Donald. CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
#Dairy Already reeling. Now a federal probe $DFOD 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
An embarrassingly unenviable record, as US government spends ~$2.75 Billion more PER DAY than they tax. National Debt expected to rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects: via 
So that's why he paid all that hush money. He was just trying to quietly do his good works. Shut up, pharisee. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Only in the minds of liberals....... smh Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
@ChrisPlanteShow Babylon Bee is way ahead of you. 
Companies are sweetening perks to land tech workers, including a $250,000 signing bonus for an executive role #IT via 
@BernieSanders 🚨Mass Murder and Hunger🚨is All the End of the Rainbow 🌈 offers. History is Ripe with Examples. We aren’t that Special. 
Pretty good article about @billieeilish in the : She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via 
#ImpeachmentTrial @tedcruz @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC Don't forget your googly eyes 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Marine Biologists Train Highly Intelligent Octopus To Profitably Manage Mid-Size Aluminum Goods Supplier @TheBlowfish 👀 got a lot of 'splaining to do.... 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China (Wall Street Journal) 
The classic coin purse gets an update from designers such as Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs. 
@sorrya2 @SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump That is for sure. The only reason to vote Republican is because you are in on the looting of the US Treasury, and you plan to abandon America before the hammer falls. 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Wait is the left eating itself again. slams CNN 
Technology of Thievery #capitalism #latency #flashboys #spoofing #rigged The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
"The pitch would essentially remodel San Jose as a 21st-century company town, where a dominant employer lifts the local economy for decades to come." 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
EXACTLY!!!!!! @cvpayne 
Former Goldman Sachs Banker Pleads Guilty in Insider-Trading Case - 
@BlondeinBklyn @oliverdarcy Reading is fundamental. The disrespect was for the bias of the "news" media. Duh. It's not MY fault was forced to switch from satire to journalism due to the vacuum created by the media SUCKING AT THE BASICS OF THEIR JOBS!! 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
“In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN” 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right 
Forget the Frenchie toque and starched apron. One chef is making chef jumpsuits—part of a suite of new collaborations in the fashion-meets-culinary space: 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Credit Suisse Chief Tidjane Thiam Rebuts Claim He Ordered Damaging Information - The Wall Street Journal #CorpGov via @ToGovern 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
@thegoodgodabove Dude. Really? 
Hopefully leaders at #Davos2020 will leave and work on concrete actions to tackle the climate crisis (even if they formulate them on their private jets) 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Green bond market, with $59 billion in activity in 2019, poised to grow faster with electronic trading @ClimateBonds @seankidney 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Romney and Collins, holding hands together like usual. They should consider getting on the Democratic ballot in November. Since they are not true Republicans. They do not know who they are. $$money$$, only. 
I mean if you are blind and stupid huh will find a reason to anything such as thinking that 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker who is this moron by the name #jimbaker 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
Could not agree more with @wrmead! "A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe" via , but, perhaps @akk finally heard what @sikorskiradek was calling Germany upon @UniofOxford in 2012? via @FT 
Viva ⁦@jansinger928⁩! New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | #SmartNews 
our asymmetrical political discourse is not exactly new 
Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her, writes @wjmcgurn 
Wall Street Journal vid with &gt;1 million views. Re: BJSM blog and article by PhD candidate &amp; professional ultradistance racer Geoffrey Burns @geoffreyburns and @nictam_za. Here's the vid link: Blog: 
Management guru and Harvard Professor, Clayton M. Christensen, knew that the leader's job was to achieve results, but her greater responsibility lay in leaving the world better than the way she found it. #businesspurpose #ESG #21stcenturyleaders 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Just plain funny... LOL 
» Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
🤣 ... Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers #travel 
Even moderate Democratic 2020 presidential candidates have quietly proposed to raise the tax rate on labor by double digits and it’s received almost no attention. 
I may need on of these missionaries ... 
Hilarious 😆 Blue Line Jumps 11 Percent 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Hong Kong Stocks Slump, Catching Up to Coronavirus Fears - 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Odds Are Good Fed Will Tweak #IOER Higher This Week, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
#WatchYourBackTulsi 😜 Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Google wants to transform perennial also-ran San Jose with Silicon Valley riches. The city isn’t sure that’s a good thing. #longread w/ @malas_n 
A top U.S. banking regulator said he doesn’t see time to compromise with the Fed regarding a proposal that would update federal regulations under the Community Reinvestment Act 
😂😂😂 Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
It’s funny because it’s true... 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
» Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby | 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron #MAGA #TRUMP 
@realDonaldTrump Because pumping into the market isn't working anymore - and a major correction is on the way. 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - #GoogleAlerts 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - via ⁦ 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
ITS LIT! 
If the #Senate calls #JohnBolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the #ImpeachmentTrial into uncharted legal territory. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | . I LOVE these guys! 😂🤣😆 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I was wondering what @SarahMackAttack was up to in Hawaii... 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
@Jim_Bakker is a fucking charlatan and should be back in Club Fed making to for his messiah. 
Nancy Pelosi releases limited-edition replicas of dentures worn during the House impeachment ceremony. 
Your Daily Bee~ Former National Security Adviser John Bolton now says he will testify in Trump's impeachment trial in exchange for a large bucket of fish. Throw back #TinaToon 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 🐝 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
@jaketapper @joejohnscnn @JDiamond1 NSC Counsel Eisenberg reports to Cipillone. Hard to believe he would have kept the Bolton manuscript from his boss. 
@dancingfun @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump is a satire site. No one is legitimately claiming that @realDonaldTrump has ever been near a gospel, let alone tried to spread it. 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - Pandora’s box! Please let this be true! 🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽 
The Tax Increases to Come via 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
@DuluthTradingCo if you're looking for a good april fools joke for this year 
Striking Blow Against #ToxicMasculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat I post these because sometimes you just need a chuckle! 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
In Canada, Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via "An administration official said the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said." 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
'There Are More Than Two Genders,' Tortured Employee Forced To Say In Darkened Room At Google Headquarters 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Just Perfect 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The Republican Party used to stand for fiscal responsibility, but they blew it out of the water with tax cuts for the rich. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Casino operator Penn National Gaming plans to take a 36% stake in Barstool Sports via 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Clinton Prosecutor Starr: Impeachment Is Becoming Too Frequent via 
Wealth Adviser Briefing: Ultrafast Trading Woes, Tech Regulation Plea, Fleeing High-Tax States via GoogleNews 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
These men teach us important lessons about #aging @clare_ansberry 
NEWS EXCLUSIVE   POLITICS McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @TeaPainUSA 
SPYWARE SCHMIEWARE!! U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
@Khanoisseur Spirit makes the fuselage. Laying off almost 3000. 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Teens are taking temporary breaks from social media to avoid burnout via 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Watch Live: Trump impeachment trial resumes in the Senate 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@ddale8 @chestnut_daniel He left out some facts man. You fools believe anything this man says. The 10yr forecast for the economy is bleeding. 
You don't have the votes, you don't have the votes. 🎶🎶🎶 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
**BREAKING**: 
Crazy! Fake? Who knows. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network. 
"For Li, it’s the only time in seven or eight years that he’s been the man of the moment. It’s a huge opportunity for him." | @LowyInstitute's @mcgregorrichard 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker pot kettle black my head hurts 
High property taxes combined with limited deductibility is driving some interesting decisions. #propertytax #tax #taxpayer #taxpayers 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
@ydye @JosephSakran I think you will find the security footage met a similar fate as described here 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
'TRUMP WAS MERELY SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH THAT PORN STAR,' EXPLAINS JIM BAKKER “It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously &amp; while their child was only months old,” a solemn Bakker 
Fortunately for Ukraine ". . . the U.S. elected a new President who provided the critical weapons Mr. Obama never would." @DNC @SenFeinstein @Sen_JoeManchin @GOP @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr CNN and Ignorance - 
Canndescent is just one company that sees the potential in rebranding weed for a new set of users: 
@StegallMargaret @larrydaliberal Dearest Margaret - See the attached argument. Let me bring you in on an inside secret - there really wasn’t a rake. Shhhh - keep that to yourself. Some of the more gullible people on the internet may get upset. 
MT @tedcruz @replouiegohmert #WakeUpAmerica @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin @SenMikeLee @1980reagan @RepKinzinger @LauraJMcDonald3 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says" #debt #deficit 
The roaring 2020s: CBO's annual forecast projects U.S. GDP growth below 2% for the rest of the decade after hitting 2.2% this year, with $1 trillion deficits (4.5% to 5.5% of GDP) for the whole decade 
This certainly brings a new interpretation to the semen on the mount. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Too bad they didn't so it before re-authorising the Patriot Act 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@DerfBackderf agree in theory but then... 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
C'mon Don... you campaign on the deficit... we have zero unemployment in an economic boom, with a Republican Senate...and we go another trillion deep? U.S. deficit tops $1 trillion in first 11 months of fiscal year, Treasury says via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Always knew Bakker was dropped on his head as a child (probably repeatedly), but this is a whole new aspect of his dementia. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Details, details... Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
FBI Agent Still Tasked With Following Noam Chomsky Around Prepares For Another Day In Local Panera 
@AliceAvizandum this one has been stuck in my head since, literally, the 90s 
@Susieque817 @wchowton @N1ckSandmann Gosh darn media always reporting stuff! Burn the books and cameras! Pro life until birth, then let them suffer eternally through the virtually non-navigable US healthcare system (unless your well to do). 
The in-built features of the system [tight info control, deference to superiors, fear of Beijing's [and Xi's] wrath..] cannot be ameliorated by a few resignations. Alas, one cannot expect miracles until CCP tyranny is no longer here. 
@TimRunsHisMouth isn't this on sale yet? 
New York Times To Run All Facts By Angry, Pitchfork-Wielding Mob Before Going To Print 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway #Satire 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 😮 
@AnaKasparian We aren't going to agree with everyone who understands that a President Sanders would benefit us all. Rogan's fanbase heard him say something very important, besides "vote for sanders". They heard him say "DON'T vote for trump." 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@xoDrVenture This is just him, constantly 
A Decade Overdue: Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - 
We later published many papers and popular science articles, urging everyone to stop eating wild animals and not to have too close contact with wild animals.” Seventeen years on, that message is finally being heard by those in a position to take action. v 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
FINALLY!! @CNN now is recognized for what it really is: In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@ryanridgley78 @SarahBDean @qdogg77 @stillCALLin @MarkDice @realDonaldTrump Again hardly a liberal rag.... 
U.K. Allows #Huawei to Build Parts of #5G Network 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election - 
Lovable Granny Clinton Gives Advice 2Youngster Bernie ! 
Ohhhh satire. The post was deleted several hours later after the Clinton team realized it was scheduled a day early. 
Robots, Mood Enhancers and Scooters: Top Consumer Trends for 2020 - 
@MDTeresa @SenWhitehouse The harrowing, heartbreaking story. 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
If the Justice Department allows DFA to buy Dean Foods, the market will be even more concentrated, enabling a few corporations to raise consumer prices and push out smaller farmers. We need to enforce antitrust laws and stop this merger. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@RyanAFournier @realDonaldTrump Ahhh - short memories. 
College football is where pioneering strategy entertainment happens. NFL gets the hand-me-downs. It's backwards. (Aside: college bball also understood 3 pointers were worth 3 long before the Warriors did.) 
U.K. Watchdog Warns Banks on Taking Action Against Overdraft Pricing #FCA #banking 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Reading this article about rezonings stalling across the city, it's hard not to get depressed. The community leaders and council members in Bushwick are fighting a losing fight, because blocking development isn't going to stop gentrification. 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad #joke #comedy 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@NatSecReporter Reminds me of this “anything that a woman does is empowering” piece: 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
Looks like we could be focusing on the #ImpeachmentTrial around State of the Union time... via ⁦⁩ 
“Maybe it’s just been over­taken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main nar­ra­tive is not one of Amer­i­can decline.” 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
@Donz0 @GOPLeader Laughable. Obama's own SD, among others raised concerns. "Fire the prosecutor or you won't get the money" Obvious QPQ w/Biden. Trump had every right to vett the situation. Released aid early + Military aid. Impeachment is a total scam. #FakeImpeachment 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Stephen Miller Hurt At Being Passed Over For Job Stalking Female Ambassador 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
Amid Criticism, Bernie Sanders Vows To Be More Generous With Your Money In The Future 
Picture&gt;1,000 words 
» Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
How to get flowers in the foyer—if you don’t have a butler: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@SER1897 I’ve been a Kamala supporter since her SF days: she could have beaten Trump but faced a trifecta of obstacles: media ignored her; progressives called her a “cop”; and bots and RWNJs attacked her race (for having Jamaican not African American roots). 
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses 
Very interesting article 
Tech Giants' New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in #CIOJournal 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
@Ron42Ja @RBReich I maybe conflating with Sen King (Independent, Maine) statement from yesterday. Here is the confirmation calling for witnesses but it does not give a firm number. 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Are you aware that even today, in America, churches are segregated? The endorsement of slavery and condemnation of dark-skinned people in the Bible makes Christianity a fundamentally racist religion. 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. #OneVoice1 ⁦ #wtpTEAM #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
When calls out your transparent smear attempts, you know you've made the big leagues. 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Top Article shared by 
Mergers have been long touted as a possible answer to the eurozone’s banking woes via 
Sekulow: Impeachment “is not a game of leaks and unsourced manuscripts. That is politics, unfortunately.” Schumer: “If you don’t believe the newspaper report, call the witnesses.” Recap of the day's events in the Senate by @rebeccaballhaus @nataliewsj 
2.5. Tie reimbursement to outcomes to increase access. Other insurers, like life insurance, have a vested interested in the health of their clients (Goldman expanded on this concept in #obesityepidemic 5/8 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
“He’s the perfect compromise between Warren’s impractical progressivism and Biden’s worrisome age!” ⁦⁦⁩ is always right! 
Another trump* sycophant tripping over logic to explain his behavior... “[trump*]was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time..... so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life. #Bakker 
: bd754097-5a06-4808-9cfb-d5064888431f 
@MooseMilk1985 @oliverdarcy ... beat you too it! 
A New York judge ruled that a commission created to investigate potentially unethical behavior by state prosecutors is unconstitutional 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 #joke #satire 
John Kerry &amp; Cliton knew Hunter Biden's correction 
@TheGoldenRam33 @IGGYAZALEA This was not a good idea in 2019 &amp; early 2020: "The helicopter's exterior was meant to evoke the skin of a snake" 
Hahahaha....Love the Babylon Bee! 
#killary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day to Early? #ClintonBodyCount More ...⬇ 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
US State Dept Warns Against Non-Essential Travel to China—What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
Interesting new study out from the FCA on HFTs and "latency arbitrage." 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
@Bing7789 @firedup79 @MrTamhas @TheSteveTheCat @tulipglory @GangstaMimi @therealwombat1 @pithypacky @Boschii Here’s the article 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“They found it hanging on the wall next to a hammer &amp; sickle flag. They tore it down and returned it to Boston University for safekeeping.” was way ahead of me. Thanks to @KreatorofTweets! 🤣 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Global home prices &amp; housing investment are slowing, threatening to harm economic expansion worldwide. Affordability concerns and geopolitical tensions have kept away some would-be home buyers and pushed down prices, via @sechaney 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - #coverupmitch 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Yeah, its just like that 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
so Gardner, McSally &amp; Tillis aren't just opposing witness testimony - they're 'warning' their GOP colleagues to help them block witnesses &amp; support a cover-up to protect their own political careers. #COSen #AZSen #NCSen 
“The iPhone still ac­counts for the ma­jor­ity of Apple’s rev­enue, about 61% in the lat­est quar­ter.“ $AAPL 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at different sites in Iowa ahead of the Feb. 3 caucuses 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports - 
What the piece fails to state is that McConnell, in his current position, holds the reins high and already announced to work closely with the WH. So much for the impartial arbiter. He didn't “outfox” anyone, he just carries the whole process off as long 
“Senators Sanders and Warren are both fighting for the change we need in our nation. They understand the needs of workers at UNITE HERE Local 11" The union represents 32,000 people in Arizona and California. #WinWithWarren #Warren2020 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science "I don’t expect such analyses will be free of controversy." 
Dude, I totally didn’t forget 
'trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker He's "done more for religion than anyone else !" #trump #Stormy 
@kaiser891 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
@TheTweetOfGod Dude. Really? 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
This is how they twist the truth by equating trump &amp; jesus... WTF is he collecting for this shit🤣👹💩🙏. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
: aaacbdc5-430b-4664-b547-05f450d2247c 
@WorkingClassBro @krystalball Close enough? 
‘Employers are getting creative’: Caterpillar, Raytheon and other companies are offering more relocation benefits to lure far-flung new hires. via 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks Heaven forbid! How terrible they inflict such unfathomable pain upon themselves! Turn on your tv- then we can share in their pain- ever seen anything so ridiculous? 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Trump Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” #Israel via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Yes, we are tired of unaccountable global elites. We want the Nation State to guarantee our freedoms. 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - I guess Harvard is not all it’s made out to be! Could the people in charge be recruiting students to weaken our great country? 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
Well I'll be.... #CatholicTwitter 
Latest from 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To #art #lol 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Google’s Rivals Gear Up to Make Antitrust Case #Google #RivalsGearUp 
#RentControl is narrowing the supply line where housing is needed most. via @_willparker_ HT @GeorgeEntis @cbremultifamily @RiceJeanette #HousingAffordability 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - bummer for you me. Turtle. Bum mer 
...unless you chuck a Hayabusa engine in it 
New%2520Smart%2520Doorbell%2520Will%2520Argue%2520With%2520Jehovah%2527s%2520Witnesses,%2520LDS%2520Missionaries%2520For%2520You 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
'Let The Hate Flow Through You!' Cackles Cloaked Hillary Clinton At Campaign Rally 
: 7ffe846a-581f-4c46-a419-f1b4e1897572 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
“To­day Is­rael is tak-ing a gi­ant step to­ward peace,” Mr. Trump said, adding that Mr. Ne-tanyahu and his po­lit­i­cal ri­val Benny Gantz both backed the doc­u­ment as the ba­sis for ne­go­ti­a-tions be­tween the Is-raelis and the Pales­tini-ans. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview 
Satire. But not really. 
Finally, Hillary has an Oval Office @wtoddkeller 
Wedding Guest Blissfully Unaware She Barely Made The Cut 
"I wanted to be just like Kobe." The youngest players in today's NBA grew up in the 2000s. Kobe Bryant was their Michael Jordan. 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
markets: The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts 
😂😂😂😂😂😂 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
@JayCostTWS @brianstelter Haha CNN seems to always be worried about Fox. I’d don’t watch Fox but I don’t even trust @CNN 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Miss Congeniality offers Grumpy Socialist advice on Getting Along with Others 
Highlights Of The Seventh Democratic Debate 
“AbbVie, Gilead, others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test effectiveness against deadly respiratory illness” 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
@kesayers Yeah, like when he did more events for Hillary than everyone else outside her immediate family? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
People wishing communism back? Are 100 million not enough? 
This is way beyond grabbing. 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate vía 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman #joke #satire 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirus 
On Irish Isle Inis Meáin, local tradition is kept alive: 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
The warnings begin, still @realDonaldTrump not declaring any action plan to protect #Americans from the epidemic #coronavirususa @carlquintanilla @markets @Ufc26 @AlessioUrban @Rick_Singa What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Ground Zero for China’s Mysterious Virus #video #news #klout 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation 
@Mikeggibbs I very much look forward to when Say Yes to the Dress is on at the gym 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Harvard’s chemistry chairman is charged with undisclosed ties to China: Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Testimonies Place Trump at Center of Ukraine Pressure Campaign - 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis “Not since the 1980s have we seen supply this tight. That’s going to stay around in 2020 and the dynamic there will drive prices higher.” 
@jkimballcook @frozensooner A classic. Stick with it, at least through the law firm hiring bit. 
Kobe was a great player, but he was not a perfect man, esp in this rape matter. WTF, WaPo??!! If any newspaper should behave better, given its own losses, it is the Post. Jeff Bezos: are you going to hunt down your girlfriend's brother for leaking chisme? 
Two years ago I inherited my mother-in-law's mink stole. But I haven't worn it lest someone on the street throws acid or red paint at me. #nonewfur “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
Real-estate startups are retreating from a growth-at-all-costs model, casting aside an approach that has worked for many internet companies but has sputtered in the concrete world of office buildings and lodging properties. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #CNN 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via @ding_gang @BoboDiploma @Fridaytalks @GuoTx4 
@WhiteHouse @Scavino45 Didn't @SecPompeo just ask a reporter “Do you think Americans care about Ukraine?” Reports say he did...very strongly... 
The personal is political afterall. 
Big scoop by on #Impeachment 👇 "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
People don’t want campaign ads for President Trump or Michael Bloomberg in the Super Bowl, a poll said, but here’s why they might be a smart buy anyway. 
TPG in Talks to Reduce Stake in $32 Billion Credit-Investing Arm 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
@Jim_Bakker is that what you were doing with Jessica Hahn? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
"Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep," said one Philistine woman with pink hair and several face piercings. "This... 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Mitch McConnell does not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial of Donald Trump. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
monty has shared content with you from MSN @AP @MSNBC @politico @CNN @Newsweek @nytimes @Reuters @NickRiccardi @USATODAY @TwitterNews @MariaTeresa1 @Salon 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Two Princes: Would You Rather Work for William or Harry? 
@realDonaldTrump The @GOP is fucked up. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero 
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   via 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Is that what they're calling it now. Like a baptism in pee! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
I think I saw her out at Kennsington last summer. 
Scientists: &amp;#39;Look, One-Third Of The Human Race Has To Die For Civilization To Be Sustainable, So How Do We Want To Do This?&amp;#39; 
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm via ⁦@lizrhoffman⁩ ⁦@miriamgottfried⁩ ⁦⁩ 
Rythem come on black guys help the white. Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Japan Fires Soccer Coach Javier Aguirre - Wall Street Journal 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
I failed as a consultant, I then joined the #lean movement - Learning from mistakes requires striving to learn from mistakes, not justifying them: #TheLeanStrategy - eye opening piece from via 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus # #sarcasm 
Nobody wants grandma's fur coat. 
@senatemajldr if this happens, I'm switching back to a Democrat, they at least stick together and do whatever it takes to succeed. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
.opinion my Tuesday column on the new phase of Arab unrest: rebellion against sectarian politics and for national identity. No more tribes with flags 
Fear the cakes! #ImpeachmentCakes 
One French firm that audits dam safety refused to sign off on the dam. So Vale shopped for another firm. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate Not so far from the truth.... 
Provocative op-ed on the patent-innovation balance (and Alice) from my friend @TheRealMattDowd and former Fed. Cir. Chief Judge Michel 
@brianstelter Holy shit the joke became reality. 
UK government allows China’s Huawei to build non-critical parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network despite security concerns raised by Pdt Trump &amp; U.S. administration. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Today on the Potomac Watch podcast: John Bolton roils the Senate impeachment trial. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them "Fake News" 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with the guacamole prep for this weekend's Super Bowl. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Must have been like that time that someone inscribed the entire Bible on the head of a pin. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
@The_Kyle_Mann I've got a story you should read. It's all true. 
@WriteGrlProbs I don't think I had heard of her before I started seeing the Babylon Bee make fun of her: 
- Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan - Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
Oh for fuck sake! Now I’ve heard it all from these Bible-addled fake Christians. 🦇💩🤪 ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
This is why we need an “effective competition” standard &amp; a major update to antitrust law for the first time in 106 YEARS. In Congress, I’ll be a vocal leader on antitrust to protect our farmers, workers, &amp; small businesses. #NY24 
Republicans Announce Plan To Pretend To Be Fiscally Conservative Again The Moment A Democrat Takes Office 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding $SPY $QQQ 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery vía 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Property firms are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth 
The major media networks have still not picked up the fact that #cruise lines like Celebrity, HAL and Seabourn are playing Russian roulette with the lives of guests &amp; crew members by refusing to cancel or refund cruises to China . . . #coronavirus #China 
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests - 
@maryam_lcsw @nytimes It’s a joke referencing his old piece that, unfortunately, actually used that racist phrase about Arabs: 
Investors will be watching Apple’s first-quarter earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus in China via 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@s8n how could you? 
Matthew 7:5 
Too big to fail? 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. 
@ButchGayst @AschleighJ @culturalfatwa @walletkeysjuul @kateljacobson and a minimum 2.7 million dead in the Gulag, labor colonies and special settlements. 2/2 P.D.: source was Wall Street Journal but i can find more sources if you like. 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump Fake Fox News - now here's a REAL story: 
🎧 Listen: In today’s What’s News podcast, our journalists discuss the latest on China’s coronavirus outbreak and the Trump impeachment trial 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
😂😂😂😂😂IF YA CAN'T BEAT THEM THEN YOU WATCH THEM!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣WHAT IDIOTS THEY ARE AT @CNN!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses Yes!!!! Bring it on, John Bolton! Bring it on, Lev! #RemoveTrumpNOW #MoscowMitchFails 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
CNN: 'Trump Voter Shoots Mentally Ill Man In Church' 
As the new year begins, we recommend checking out 's "Best Books About #Retirement and #Aging of 2019." These six books offer helpful advice and insights for achieving health and well-being in mind, body and bank account. 
@StevenReyCristo @RepAdamSchiff YOU ARE CORRECT - 
markets: Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
Martin Shkreli is facing new antitrust charges for trying to block production of a generic daraprim alt via 
@FOX59 Since this is America this will be the "conclusion" 
Johns Hopkins University is blowing up its business-school curriculum via 
"We've admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly, &amp; we're thrilled to have them under 's umbrella" "When you can't compete with hilarious satire like CNN, you obviously look for ways to get them on your team 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via 
As far as I can tell, ‘American Dirt’ is the migrant version of this: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Taylor Swift’s ‘Lover’ Wins Grammy For Best Children’s Album 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@Reuters @senatemajldr @SpeakerPelosi @SenSanders @FT @CNBC @Forbes @FoxNews @SenateGOP @NRO @Harpers @NPR @nypost Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations Some Republican senators say manuscript bolsters case for further testimony 
Wall Street Journal 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
New research finds link between exposure to toxins at World Trade Center site after Sept. 11 and prostate cancer via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
“A dearth of com­peti­tors to Huawei also means the coun­try has few other op­tions.” When government allocation of resources makes your product indispensable. 
If you wanted to erode the power of the Federal Government, a slow bankruptcy is a strong long play. Why else are we giving tax cuts? Don’t say for the economy. If that were true, we’d have no issue here and not be afraid to raise rates. # #TaxPolicy 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election HAHAHA!! YES DEMOCRATS!!! I GUESS HE WAS JUSY GOING TO LET PEOPLE KNOW THEY WERE GOING TO CHEAT. @TheDemocrats 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Perhaps the last true Journalists in the U.S.A. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
OMFG!!!! Is this for real???? 
Democrats' worst nightmare: a fair election. 
And for those of you who don't know, th gospel is spread while screaming, "Oh GOD!" during sexual intercourse. Wait...didn't President Clinton get impeached for lying about his sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky? 
America's Gold Giant Bets on Dividends, Improved Mines to Hold Off Rival - 
: fe033b84-acf6-4169-ba49-3db199bc1bc7 
@realDonaldTrump BREAKING : . . GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@LewisForMN Last time they gave us estimated $1 Billion Free. Looks like they are on pace to gift us $2 Billion !! 🤣 
But our regulator says everything is fine and no one is guilty??? Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
This is a Trump supporting, fraud-convicted televangelist spreading baloney so thick only the mentally defective would believe it. #MakeAmericaStupid 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Witnesses coming, 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentTrial 2020 DJT 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@mkraju We've been rceiving conflicting information... 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Unforgivable Sin Actually Dancing, Baptist Scholar Claims 
And this is a change? 
Check out this interesting video about tech clustering in NYC's "Silicon Alley," drawing a conglomeration of highly specialized workers and increasing productivity #BCSTT 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - 
@OWKINscience featured in for our collaboration on @MELLODDY_IMI along with @Bayer Thrilling to see #federatedlearning making the headlines! 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
@AyannaPressley I will say it to your face. The arguments people make about abortion are the same as slavery. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election This is supposed to be satirical, but for those Congressmen from CA in sanctuary city districts, this may be absolutely accurate. Something to ponder! 🤔 
: Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby 
Ocasio-Cortez Hosts Instagram Live Video While Casually Assembling 12-Piece Paw Patrol Puzzle 
@realDonaldTrump Tick tock. 
About right! 😂😂😂😂 
Is it true, @snopes? I can't tell! 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
@senatemajldr Says @GOP Doesn’t Have Votes To Block @realDonaldTrump Impeachment Witnesses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
: 367087b6-bdc9-47b3-a740-a84d251bfd36 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone | @adamcarolla @drdrew 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. - if Vietnam can build their own .... why not UK?? via 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade | 
Harvard’s Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
This pathetic sad little girl needs treatment urgently. She can cause more damage to her little demented brain 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@AlexHalsey6 @drawandstrike I remember when used to do satire... 
B-12 deficiency affects millions of people in the U.S. and, if left untreated, can lead to permanent neurological damage and even death via 
#pretending2read pay attention in this class or this may happen to you SMH 
"Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept was arrested Tues for lying abt millions in funding he received from #China’s 1000 Talents Program...Separately, a BU researcher was charged w/failing to disclose her affiliation w/the PLA" @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@pwnela the always relevant 
@TexasBluein20 Getting worse. We have to fight back. 
Goodwill Sparks Deep Division, at Least on Balance Sheets #LeaseAccounting 
As governments seek to rein in the enormous power of tech giants, regulators’ antitrust and data-privacy efforts are converging via 
@Klonick @georgia_wells @EmilyGlazer Last but not least, since video bylines aren't obvious, a hat tip to my talented teammates @NailahMorgan @LaurizzleK @AdamBanicki &amp; @emmatscott for helping me put this together. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
The White House legal team plans to close out its defense of President Trump in a shortened session aimed at persuading the Senate to look past potentially incriminating disclosures 
"Its real import is the way Justice Neil Gorsuch puts a torch to the proliferation of universal injunctions by the lower courts." 
The John Bolton Report 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers - 
Why growth for growths sake doesn't work in a capital intensive businesses such as real estate. This is why the #flexoffice and #coworking operators of the commercial real estate industry will transition from workplace product comp… 
Ouch. 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017 via 
5 leaders in their respective fields share predictions on the workplace of 2050. How do you see work changing in your area? 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@STOPUmedia @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
» Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Yes!Yes!Yes!...with a bit of hahaha! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@JohnCornyn Since you like citing the . 
'Waze for Work? Navigation Apps Come to Mazelike Offices' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
A fitting end to two days of Ernst being Ernst 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
The #coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close #China’ s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
: d78ac361-b74a-49d9-b9e5-9eadf35eb54c 
China is blatantly calling for censorship and a disturbing need to control this story. #ChinaVirusSesungguhnya #wsj #orwell 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses #people #reality 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - The Wall Street Journal #realtimerecruitment #sap #SAPSE 
the fact that the is really at this level too suggests how much of a wasteland political comedy is in Trump era 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Liar, liar ... Pants on fire!! 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
Charles #Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about #Chinese government funding at #Harvard. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
A great look into some of the big tech trends that'll shape a big part of how we'll live in 2020. 
WHOA IF TRUE Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - This article deserves serious attention! 
Right... Give the Israelis free reign... 😖😖😖 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@joelockhart Using the 'Satire' defense is a tired, overused exercise. You're not the but supposedly a trusted 'news source.' I'll get my satire from comedic writers thank you. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Actors Tony Shalhoub, Marin Hinkle, Michael Zegen and Stephanie Hsu on the family dynamics of @MaiselTV’s third season: “I’m a parent in real life—and my heart is forever in my hand, you know?” 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday . Mmmmmm-Taco Tuesday!!! 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
For my dour friends. A site of Christian Satire that you are probably theologically opposed to. 
BREAKING NEWS McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,,,,,,yes yes yes yes yes 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@katalva3 GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. Story by @beckyyerak 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child This would be hilarious if it wasn’t so bloody true. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
“A recent probe by Germany’s cybersecurity agency with help from the U.S. and other allies failed to show that Huawei could use its equipment to clandestinely siphon off data, according to senior agency and other government officials.” 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks Here's his commentary, starting from the beginning of #2020: @michaelsderby’s Take: Fed Surmounts #Repo Market Challenge, at Least for Now, in CentralBanks - 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@SethAbramson @SethAbramson if true!!🔥🔥 »Breaking News: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses» 
What a joke! What about al Aqsa? Jews can not own that site. Bad enough they control the entrance and exits. Shameful. Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
#FICO is changing the way it calculates #CreditScores . The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans 
@ChrisCuomo Sandmann says the hosts will be forced to wear the hats until they've learned their lesson, which could take a while. "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Micro #fullfilment and #distribution centers are a new #logistics trend. Trying to bring #warehouses closer to the customer will also remain expensive in contrast to #lastmile #delivery, unless price for fuel won't go up. via Logistics 
@xeni Because the whole "Russia conspiracy" tied to Bernie is cooked up to tell marginalized communities their lives should not get better, while both the US and Russia constantly interfere in the political affairs of other countries. Flashback to 2012: 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Call them all then. Open it up baby! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Here are some of the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Tuesday’s session 
@crikitrn @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
McDermott International’s existing lenders are providing the chapter 11 loan 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Funny as heck! ( * ^ * )b I'd buy that great lookin' boom stick anyday babeh! Guns without hats are sooo boring and unfashionable!!! &gt;; D Pew pew pew! &gt;; D New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The UK will ban Huawei from "centralized parts of the 5G infrastructure that route data across the network" as well as sensitive locations uh...I'm not sure that's how 5G works! 
@awstar11 CNN is a satire news site! Just stop it, Spock! 🙃 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
What happens when you get drafted out of high school?? You don't get an education. Make outlandish statements &amp; sound like an illiterate moron. #ThingsMoronsSay LeBron James Says Rosa Parks's Bus Protest 'Could Have Waited A Week' 
MyPOV: Prevention and containment is key! #publichealth It’s inevitable that the #coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
@ericswalwell @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump Looks like it’s happening. #DocumentsAndWitnesses 
Senate will now mirror House of Representatives..... Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
A recent change in how companies account for and report operating leases may have delivered a jolt to their share prices. 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office Check this out #peakers 🤣 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects via 
Longtime Match Group exec Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down as CEO following a crazy four months: a tornado hit her home and also she had personal health hiccups 
Sometimes The Bee just nails it. OK, most of the time. 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed 
@impcapital Reminds me of this: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@Ojdadana Today's Poles accused for WWII implementation? They are projecting. Hold accusers of Poland complicit for 100 million deaths of Communism. Solzhenitsyn Churchill &amp; GB Foreign Office named the Bolsheviks. 
markets: The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Sad but true. 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New: Why growth in Sub-Saharan African debt is causing concern: via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN If you can't beat 'em, buy 'em. 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@alexweprin @jeremymbarr Uh, rare layoffs? Need I remind you: 
.@realDonaldTrump as you know, #JimBakker KNOWS from what he speaks. He's talked Gospel with some of those Porn Stars himself. They are a great place for deep reflection! Uncle Don, tell us some Gospel Stories, pleazzzze. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@csd @SenFeinstein @davidfrum If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in 2020. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
This is more relevant than ever. #ProtectTulsi #ClintonBodyCount 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Tragic End of Bush's North Korea Policy - 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery. Most previous diseases affect on stocks did not last very long. It was quite sentimental decision from investors yesterday. 
» Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Trump is set to un­veil his vi­sion of peace in the Mid­dle East, pre­sent­ing a plan at the White House with Is­rael’s prime min­is­ter at his side but with­out the Pales­tini­ans in at­ten­dance. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding ⁦@ScottAdamsSays⁩ 
100% me: I take the phone case off and legit admire the color (rose gold) I never see and the sleek shape I never feel. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@brianstelter @maureendowd CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Curb appeal can boost your property value by 7% in a home sale! But what works? What doesn't? We advise our clients and implement smart strategies that capture the MOST ROI for your home. Talk to us: listings@joelnelsongroup.com #DCRealEstate #CurbAppeal 
#Northam really is a jackass!! 
Wow @JesseKellyDC is very forward thinking Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
#coronavirus might be coming to Ontario, California as US evacuation plan changed, take toll from San Francisco to Ontario, California. Pray for passengers return safely and healthy. Government please keep this under control 🙏 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
What happened to "Truth in Advertising"? 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
IRL, not just ⁦-- ⁩ Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal 
.@CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Geopolitical score in 2019 #US 0 - 10 #Russia via 
“I’d like women, especially ones of a certain age, to be influenced by Moira’s wonderfully daring sense of fashion,” Catherine O’Hara says of her quirky creation Moira Rose on TV comedy “Schitt’s Creek.” “Don’t be afraid to wear wigs.” 
Pepper spray would be a batter option! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
THIS IS WHY WINGS ARE ALWAYS THE BEST CHOICE. WINGS WINGS WINGS WINGS WINGS The knife mishaps of SuperBowl Sunday, from @ailworth 
markets: The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder 
Purdue has brought great Charter schools to South Bend and wants to do more. Mayor Pete....Silence. Doesn’t want to offend teachers unions. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
I Am Fun — By Hillary Clinton 
Psyched to see @nytimestravel balancing out the editorial page by endorsing @DevalPatrick for president @amyvirshup @Lyrichnyc @reddicliffenyt 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields 
I was arguing with someone over SBMM in Apex and he unironically linked this post from the to back up his argument. 
"He returned a few minutes later with the chocolate milk in a glass, which is allowed, while bottles aren't. He held up the glass for inspection. It passed. ... A few feet away, Sen. Ron Johnson was openly snacking on Sour Patch Kids." 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Come on BERNIE No Peyote Sorry Facahontas Just Kush 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' ( skipped History class?🤔. #2AShallNotBeInfringed 
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
@troyd just googled helicopter crash victims and this was one of the first results. 
Targets Credibility...: Targets Credibility... (First column, 3rd story, link) --- Related stories: MAGA TURNS ON BOLTON... John Kelly as witness? FEINSTEIN LEANS TOWARD ACQUITAL? 
@normanrbrink @HotlineJosh No, i don't and neither does the Wall Street Journal - 
@tgradous @realDailyWire Don’t both sides have to agree for it to be a realistic peace plan? 🧐 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Former Australian PM Tony Abbott on Pres Trump: “Maybe it’s just been overtaken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main narrative is not one of American decline.” 
CNN and Ignorance 
. Or is it? I can't tell anymore. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses This situation is really simple. The House voted for impeachment based on the evidence at hand. They cannot expect the Senate to look for new evidence at this point. This whole thing is bogus. 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - The Wall Street Journal #cloudcomputing #cloudadoption #technology 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@slpeds @pamileann @OregonMuse @brianstelter Don’t worry, CNN is about to get good again: 
You’ve got to be effing kidding me! If you know anything about the 5G infrastructure, then you know this plan of the UK literally gives Huawei access to the “keys” to the “kingdom”. #smh #BrexitTheInternet 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers via 
@GailDow12 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
XPO Logistics desired more sales, and made effort on strategic alternatives through advises from top operators and advisers. #6029 @SOPHIA33277 Company hires financial advisers as it shifts from buyer to seller in freight logistics market 来自 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Detroit is on a path to becoming a hub of future #automotive technology. #GM ’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the #Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory - via 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China #NationalSecurity #coronavirus 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Number 5! I reeeaally need to know. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Quickly under controlled: Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Hopefully they will be quarantined for two weeks when they arrive in California. It will be extremely stupid not to do so. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@JulieLinden5 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
What Else Do @Amazon, @Google and @Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups via 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via 
What happens when a bunch of musically inclined Salesforce employees find each other? "Cloudy With a Chance of Beatbox," their in-house a cappella group. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
@AndyRichter Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
#AdamSchiff Nominated For #BestActor #MAGA on! 
Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
“The U.S. lifted sanctions on Myanmar ... in October 2016. But individuals or entities can still be found to have violated the sanctions i... 
"Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency" This is how centralized governance failed to deal with emergency like this one. 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
: Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses...key fact from this article: the house refused to subpoena Bolton when he declined to originally testify. So now the onus is on the senate because the house dems wanted to move quickly ? 
Tech Earnings Will Test Rally in Growth Stocks Microsoft, Facebook and Apple, among other companies, will report results this week 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
@reidepstein @ddayen w a piece also on Buttigieg's staff issues 
: Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment #WhatDoYouThink? 
Gorsuch’s concurrence doesn’t go far enough, the negative consequences of these type of injunctions are obvious, especially a judge. The judges don’t care. They must be sanctioned or something real like that. Feckless Roberts should impose discipline. 
Harvard Chemistry Department Chair allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
WASHINGTON— A congressional spokesperson informed the FBI that talks have stalled on the Senate floor and lawmakers will need more time to debate the proposed deal to release the group of schoolchildren they took hostage earlier today. 
#Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific #Ocean: MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Advertisers balancing taking risks with being nible. Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
"The impeachment hearings have been thrown into chaos after President Trump announced that he supports impeachment, forcing Democrats to oppose their own impeachment inquiry." 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge #art #joke 
@1776Stonewall In her defense: Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Satire @RepAdamSchiff, @HouseDemocrats, @SenateDems, @DNC that hits pretty close to the truth. "Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election." 
NATO Aims to Add Personnel to Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting ISIS Proposal follows calls from Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via 
Interesting read from Wall Street Journal 
"Uber Braces for Clash With EU Cities on Scooter Data" 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
A really lovely and interesting essay from one of my favorite business reporters, not about business. And it makes me so happy to see Louisa now. 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
And all God's people said, Amen. "Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star," Stormy Daniels, Explains Jim Bakker 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
Citing Tough Competition From Amazon, Santa Claus Declares Bankruptcy | 
Haha! Babylon Bee is the greatest! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Lynda Spiegel on "Why Job Seekers Should Use First-Person Résumés" #curate #packs 
Yes, yes he was. The man who would describe the trinity as a threesome. Yes, he was sharing the gospel. You need help and electricity should be involved. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
“Egypt calls on the two relevant parties to undertake a careful and thorough consideration of the US vision to achieve peace and open channels of dialogue, under US auspices.” Now we see what was behind all Trump’s sucking up to al-Sisi. 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Excellent primer on the coronavirus via ⁦@betswrites⁩ 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN has been the world's best satire site for thousands of years, spawning dozens of secular knock-offs that just aren't quite as good. 
Definitive proof that a President and Vice-President withheld funds to Ukraine due to a Ukrainian prosecutors investigation of VP's idiotic son. 
#Equifax, Norsk Hydro Executives Describe Chaos After Attacks. () #Data #Breach #DataBreach 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
WTF I DIDNT KNOW ABOUT THIS YOU BITCH @HillaryClinton 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders New orders for transportation equipment were up 7.6%, boosted by a 168% jump in orders for defense aircraft. Meanwhile, orders for nondefense aircraft fell sharply, likely reflecting the continued fallout from #Boeing’s 737 MAX. 
Congratulations America! SCOTUS is allowing denial of resident alien green cards for people that are public charges as well as those likely to be, based on income and family history. Victory! 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues #lol #sarcasm 
Antonio Brown Proves He’s Changed Man By Breaking Into Robert Kraft’s House In Middle Of Night To Apologize 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
A U.S. charter jet was expected to arrive at Wuhan’s closed airport on Tuesday and quickly depart for the U.S., ferrying 230 or so U.S. diplomats, their family members and an “extremely limited” number of private citizens back to the U.S via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
@Phil_Mattingly Didn't you say, your sources said probably no witnesses? Don't allow trump alies to play you. Dig deeper. 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Honestly, could just run Leftist's statements/videos, with little to no commentary, and be just as funny. But, I do enjoy their psuedo-earnest take on the news. #Leftists #EndTimes #LeftMorality #Politics 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit #SmartNews 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Prosecutors have evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend gave Texts to Brother who leaked to National Enquirer 
@HillaryClinton Every American should read this: 
This Week's Weekender: 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Please let this prove to be the case... McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
» In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
via Somebody needs to teach reporters and editors about "allegedly." The complaint didn't say he "allegedly" did that. It charged him with it. #wsj 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Huawei or the highway, ammirght? 😞 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
@kylegriffin1 McConnell Says @GOP DOES NOT have the #Votes to block Impeachment Witnesses! 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - via @retailwire #retail @Apple 
Wow: reports that McConnell is telling GOP senators he doesn’t have the votes needed to prevent witness testimony. 
is awesome and so is this!! 😂👏😂 
@shelby_corinnx3 -- I was just telling you about this, lol. My Temp is 97.7ish. It probably came up in my feed *because* I was just telling you about this in DM, haha "We're taller, fatter, and live longer." 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects #GOPTaxScam 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
NEW: During a private Republican meeting, McConnell says the GOP doesn’t currently have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The classic coin purse gets an update from designers such as Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses thye overthrow of a duley elected president is at hand thanks to the fuckin ball less gopp 
The Last Flight of #KobeBryant Bryant’s Life - #DRJAMESKEOUGH 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Casino operator Penn National Gaming plans to take a 36% stake in Barstool Sports via @BenMullin 
“It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously, and while their child was only months old. He was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul...." 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Most HILLARIOUS BLASPHEMY of the day: FELON fraudster and “televangelist” JIM BAKKER, says: “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' 
@CrimeADay How do they define "Milk"? 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians...did the Palestinians have a decision in this like Netanyahu did @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
LOL: "After Senseless Murder Of #Goliath, #Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings"~&gt; 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
#WR: #WR: Till now, Apple always finds the way to generate revenues. via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@CNN Unveils New Format Where the #FakeNews Hosts, @brianstelter &amp; @Oliverdarcy Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It....... #FakeNewsCNN #FakeNews 
Dr. Google Has Points Good and Less Good - #GoogleAlerts @renewablepower5 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Anti-monopoly momentum is growing. #BreakUpBigTech 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
@BernieSanders Bernie you will not win, people see right through, I have an idea, you want everyone to distribute their earnings why don't you distribute your wealth. Better yet go livein a Socialist country. 
The mediation program is intended to help student-loan borrowers resolve differences with lenders. 
@JoeBiden @SenRickScott @realDonaldTrump Good! They should be running Nationwide! 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
This Derek Jeter/ piece is still one of my favorite articles 
NEW: McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses He is giving trump a heads up so he has an evening and night to threaten those who might not vote the way he wants. More Mafia threats? 
👀 Keep your eyes open 👀 @fshakir @BernieSanders @BernieForIowa 
@Alain_Deckers @hhesterm @MerliAless @NvOndarza Can't forget this from @TomFairless's article from Nov. 2016: "The registration web page for one recent corporate reception offered the choice of 35 titles, including “Prof. Dr. Dr.h.c.P.” 
Jordan Roseman, 50, never intended to become DJ Earworm: 
Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
: 48cdc5f9-0f88-43a9-be16-fc0ea038cc32 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Ever wonder The Biggest Ways People Waste Money? The Wall Street Journal says it can be from the smallest things (like buying coffee ) to the largest (like a big house) Money is the #1 fight in relationships. #money #argue #budge #counseling #change 
Haha, I like this site a bit to much! Ah haha 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
For Adam Schiff for brains who thinks that the picking a president is much too important to be up to the voters! Hoot, Twitter Peeps!😂Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
It's funny how Dems brag about getting crossover support, but when Sanders does it they're all up in arms 
The @ADL recommends shaving off your hair so you avoid any offensive haircuts, though that then makes you a skinhead 
The Air Raid Has Won. #GunsUp #WreckEm #TexasTech #ChiefsKingdom 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Manufacturing conglomerate 3M, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Are You Paying Down Experience Debt? - CMO Today. - 
@pump0666 @dvillella @SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump This is not a criminal trial. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker is that what Bakker did with Jessica Hahn? Did he call her legs the Gospel so he could spread ‘em? 
Oddly reminds me of 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Sounds about right: Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week #coronavirus #Xitler #CCP_is_terrorist #fakenews 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
I still prefer baseball. Go Giants! Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Kellyanne Conway Decides To Lie Low Until Rule Of Law Dies Down 
Of course he does... 
It's not easy finding birthday giveaways, but persistence pays 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there 
Detroit to remain the capital for the U.S. auto industry? in the age of @autonomousvehicles. via 
Chip­maker Xil­inx Inc., hard-hit by U.S. gov­ern­ment re­stric­tions on do­ing busi­ness with Chi­na's Huawei Tech­nolo-gies Co., cut rev­enue pro­jec-tions for the year and in­tends to re­duce the num­ber of work­ers by about 7%. 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor. But not just any chocolate milk, @BYU Creamery chocolate milk. I admit, I'm also recovering BYU Creamery chocolate milk addict. #StandwithMitt #DrinkwithMitt #ChocolateMitt 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
The pressure on pharmacy seems to continue to grow, and yet as patients we'd be lost without it. Sadly, like any business it's about the revenue generation and profitability and with so many players within the market place, phar… 
China will be the death of us 
First things first; Dearest Wife, this is just a joke. There. Now that I know the locks won't be changed before I get home tonight. 
Family Gonna Be Sorry When They Want Some Trail Mix From Dad's Cargo Shorts They Just Made Fun Of 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
"@PeteButtigieg searching for a hidden passageway as freezer door locked behind him. “I don’t understand—it’s usually right here. They have to hide in the back so we can meet in secret outside prying eyes of media and poor people. Where is the manager?" 
Some drug makers are shipping HIV medicines to China for testing against the Wuhan coronavirus. The meds work by interfering with viral replication. 
Media: "@KraftHeinzCo's Planters brand apologized for distributing prayer candles for Mr. Peanut as part of its Super Bowl campaign about the mascot’s death and said it would consider what’s next after a helicopter crash killed Kobe Bryant." @natives 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - Another BIG OOPS 😬 boy oh boy Pete’s folks just don’t seem to get it! 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president via 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
"One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal" Amazon and desert don't mix well via 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan #WhatDoYouThink? 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It #MAGA #TRUMP 
That's a major slip up 
Portuguese Banker Named in Angola Fraud Case Is Found Dead: 
Oh nooooo. Voters are going to turn out in droves. It will mess up the predetermined Polls and Predictions. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Enlightened 'Minecraft' Character Denies Existence Of Game Designer 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, in the latest sign the home-sales market is picking up steam after a slow start to 2019. 
THIS @GOP WOULD BE AN IMPROVEMENT OVER YOUR CORRUPT ASSES. Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Kobe Bryant Helicopter Didn’t Have Critical Warning System, Officials Say Chopper wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses #thebeat #beatniks 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@nc_turn @StephenBright @RebelBlue36 ONLY 230 people have been evacuated out of a 1000. The rest have to promise to pay the government back! 
💁🏼‍♀️ ... WHOOP THERE IT IS‼ "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
@oliverdarcy PUT HIM BACK IN THE DAMN PUZZLE BOX! 
@jdb240 @RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump That does not answer my question on what you said. That is also from Babylon Bee, a satire site. You are pushing literal fake news you ding dong. 
[SNOWFLAKE ALERT: SATIRE] (Snowflakes and Sheeple should not read satirical posts. Possible danger of heads exploding, paradigms collapsing, tears dehydrating bedwetting crybabies.) CNN PURCHASED FOR ITS BULLSHIT CONTENT! 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores 
“Netanyahu pledged to act immediately to expand Israel’s borders, telling reporters Tuesday that he would seek a cabinet vote on annexation Sunday.” Nothing like a little unilateral annexation to jump start negotiations. 
"The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant descended at a rate of 2,000 feet a min and missed avoiding the hills of Southern California by 20 to 30 feet before the “high-energy impact crash” that killed the basketball star and eight others, the NTSB said Tuesday" 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus || #Trump launches program reminding people that "friends don't give friends coronavirus" 
Heads up! Important and timely warning from your good Democrat buddies led by Shifty Adam Schiff: Voters can't be trusted to vote "correctly". The Democrats are from the government and they are here to help! #SenateTrial #SchiffLies 
: 232fecb0-96a2-4ca8-bb2c-2666ad118abe 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@GTIATJohn316 @DeenaLilacs @nwgoboating Which is the same joke that the Babylon Bee made: 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby’s Take: Fed May Tweak a Key Rate Again, but This Time With a Move Higher, in CentralBanks - #IOER #reverserepo - 
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore - 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
FROM #BUSHWICK TO #SOHO: 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
Northam vs KKK Octagon match 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
When the 's @ChipCutter asked me if we had an employee orchestra, I said I wasn't sure but wouldn't be surprised. That convo led me to a huge group of passionate musicians who perform 80+ person concerts all year long. This was so fun to work on: 
@EliseStefanik That story is false. It's been refuted. Meanwhile... 
I comment on the mixed-positive findings about NYC’s community schools. via 
I expect tomorrow that, in the wake of this mass shooting, America will have a deep and reflective national conversation about how everything's fine and nothing should be done. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat #MAGA #TRUMP 
Time to modernize. #China #coronavirus @CDCgov @becker_sbecker 
Excited to share my quick take in opinion on why I’m a neocon 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Massive urbanisation creating cities of tens of millions, rapid transportation in-between &amp; loose regulatory discipline all around: are we really surprised? raises fair questions about the #Coronavirus &amp; future implications: #China #globalmobility 
“Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks.” #COpolitics #CoryGardner 
‼️ “at a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called” #witnesses 
The BEE trolls and completely owned CNN.... 
"It is the one to whom I give this cup of COVFEFE. What you are going to do, do quickly. Just remember what we used to do to SPIES and SNITCHES!” 
My students today, probably. 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Dumbshit Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
CDC WARNING: 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@KHefferon What's funny is that while Schreiber's article includes a biased view of #RachelCarson it links to a good piece about her by Mann in which he writes, "Much of what Carson wrote to great controversy is now conventional wisdom." 
I thought that! 👀😂😂😂 @marionmckeone @ElaineYoung94 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] WHY I'M GLAD GOD IS NOT A LIBERAL DEMOCRAT. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor Well, he wanted to be a screenwriter! 
@KikiAdine Operation Good Job 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
to counter Democrats’ charges. The report was confirmed by The New York Times, ABC News, The Washington Post and The Daily Beast. 
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm via 
Pretty much where we’re at. 
Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
In #Italy, fans, friends and players remember #KobeBryant, the #NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
@AlanDersh I found this article from the in 1999 that explains the phrase “high crimes and misdemeanors” by Gary L. McDowell. This contradicts your argument doesn’t it? 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
@TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump 48% of the Black vote favor Biden. 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES... 
Just more evidence for my contention passengers should all be sedated, stored in tubes in cargo hold, and revived at destination. 
Opinion: NSA's John Bolton on Global Dictators, Trump and the Media 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses 
What happened to deficit hawks in the GOP? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
WHOOP: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
“I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
So woke 
Nah. A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
Akin to DuPont and Bayer it’s a dry run for the elite’s Politics of Injury division. And if you are yet to subscribe to Communist China as a Rothschild proxy then the rumour it was released from a lab will be a rumour, and Xingjian is a done deal via 
Making weekend plans like 
: 3124e128-b3c4-4115-afec-9a0529bfa041 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
McConnell AND Pelosi both deserve the same hall of shame fate! Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
A buddy of mine sent this to me. I thought it was funny and pretty much the truth! LOL 
Shifts in pharmaceutical lot size and channel are impacting the grocery industry... via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #TornadoTrump 
I'm definitely not eating any chicken sandwiches for breakfast, but someone is! @McDonaldsCorp is testing whether that will fly in its U.S. restaurants 
Well, we simply cannot have that.🍌 
"We are directing massive resources towards eradicating the slightest hint of any person speaking about the virus, and I promise you that any conversation or literature pertaining to the virus will be completely eliminated during the next seven days." 
@VK_HM I KNEW that all these bros talking about the "treachery of images" was really just a way to justify reactionary white male backlash. 
It was in response to concerns about the spread of avian influenza that the EU imposed a ban on wild bird imports. Let us hope that the outbreak of this virus will also result in a permanent ban on wildlife trade. 
Nancy Pelosi To Hold Weekly Press Conference Announcing Next Reason Millions Will Die 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors. #newsflash 
Seems about right for Trump-era water regulations: "President Donald Trump announced Thursday he was lifting protections enacted by the Obama administration to entomb Gangthor the Malevolent in a murky trench deep below the Pacific Ocean." 
thinks actually maybe income inequality is not all that bad. &gt; If 3.8 to 1 is too large an income differential, those who favor more redistribution need to explain to the bottom 60% of income-earning households why they should keep working... 
After sharing steps to consider for #retirement planning from @nytimes, some suggestions from to consider asking a prospective adviser. @missionparkcap stands ready to share its answers with you--contact us to learn more! #personalfinance #fiduciary 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
I know this an.old article but I thought it was some funny shyt 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
: Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit 
I guess my purchase last quarter of #airpod pros was my little contribution to #Apples’s record #profits! 
Please let THIS headline be true. 
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses 
Apparently Billie Eilish isn’t just big on streaming but she sells a lot of vinyl too. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
"During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. " @realDonaldTrump --The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Here's your annual Martin Shkreli story, from @MicahMaidenberg : The former pharma exec worked to block rivals from introducing generic forms of anti-parasite drug Daraprim, new lawsuit says 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
Health Systems Look to AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
I spoke to @paulvieira about Canada's ratification process for #USMCA / #NAFTA 2.0 / #USMA and its timing and prospects 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump Really? 
haha... CNN the ClownNewsNetwork. 
Can somebody medicate Jim? What in the testifying is gone on here😕 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar: 
Quench Bio has raised $50 million in Series A financing to develop drugs for inflammation based on a recently identified drug target 
And best of all, the new Gillette "Sensitivity Bag" is filled with tampons ... just in case a modern, sensitive man feels the urge to "manstruate". 
Francisco Partners, Hg to raise new technology-focused private-equity funds via 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Uncannily Skilled 'Dungeons &amp; Dragons' Enthusiast Might Be Antichrist | 
Gold 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
markets: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. 
White people can't clap. 
Kids want #AirPods too?!? I guess I shouldn't be surprised. Long $AAPL as its corporate narrative continues to evolve, but scared for myself if I'm fortunate to have children down the road... 
@GOP BREAKING : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
1-#SupremeCourt Justice #NeilGorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions—The Justice rebukes the growing practice of lower courts ruling beyond the parties 2 a specific case.The lower courts will con­sider the mer­its of the “pub­lic charge” rule,... 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
Inside #Google’s Quest for Millions of Medical Records - #TechJunkieNews 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Despite low fear, #surveillance at 20 US #airports. Greeters on guard, good info to know if you are #traveling anywhere in the US or abroad. #coronavirus #influenza 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses - 
Wat a sex cyst 
The mayor of Wuhan, the city at the epicenter of China’s viral outbreak, said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen 
The pressure on Huawei continues to mount but Europe and emerging markets may be it's savior. #China #Huawei #Blacklist #USA #5G 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
"Procter &amp; Gamble has built a database of more than a billion consumers, or roughly half of all adults online." Personalized advertising "may improve how trillions in goods are sold, and restructure Big Tech through markets rather than regulators." 
WHAT. THE. ACTUAL. FUCK. Is a thing I almost literally screamed on my train home just now. 
@SaintPi36293309 @ErichSchloegl NEWSFLASH 1.)CNN 2.)MSNBC 3.)NBC 4.) Only news to trust these days!!! Fake news everywhere else. Drain the swamp!! 
@realDonaldTrump bankrupt the Nation ! Zero growth no way to pay! @ewarren @BernieSanders @carlquintanilla @Ufc26 @Rick_Singa U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
via Attainder for Beginners A "grenade" is constitutional. A sniper rifle isn't. 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus - 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Watch your back, Tulsi!! Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
And the source of inspiration for one of the finest @The articles ever: 
In #Mississippi, the @USArmy Corps of Engineers can’t even deliver effective flood-control measures. #GovernmentFailure destroys value and stifles economic growth. 
: 18fb90fd-742c-4f52-8692-6b53a25a554f 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the #USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@_Jon_Green Nah, they're going to pull an , "Fuck everything, we're endorsing all the Dem candidates" 
BRING ALL THE WITNESSES YOU WISH JUST MAKE SURE YOU BRING THE BIDEN'S, WHISTLE BLOWER, AND ADAM SCHIFF! 
"This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency." 😂 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
🤣🤣🤣🤣 Read the last line of this and see if you don't agree! 
Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
@CAAPSorg @BJDonart @FriedrickJane @dudefrommpls @RyanHillMI @realDonaldTrump how bout the Wall Street journal it’s republican 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 wooo boy. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved dramatically in the opposite direction. 
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens via 
#Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During #Impeachment Trial #Satire 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
🤣@MZHemingway: In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
#UpLink is a community builder, a matchmaker, and will aim to connect changemakers to leaders, organizations, and other individuals with like-minded passions and missions. #connectforimpact #impactthatmatters 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
@realDonaldTrump You scared? Should be. 
markets: If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would 
Let the GOP agree to call wwitnesses. Bolton should NOT say anything outside the Senate impeachment pprocess! Sneaky ... 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial #ImpeachmentTrial 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
There's a new maverick in the senate 
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@Lrihendry No, he didn't release the $$ until the whistleblower came forward, which exposed his scheme... 
@ChloeSalsameda @OANN Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
RIP Jim Lehrer, the late PBS news anchor and reporter. Good stuff here. Notable via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via I would say to rep senators remember your voters first not dem fear of what's coming! 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
» Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers | 
Ah hahahahaha! Good one! Satire and parody are a lifeline during these dark times 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers 
HOLY FUCK!!!!!!! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Some company got the to rent them a subfolder to host an affiliate site. "You can find the greatest promotions, sales, and discount codes from your favorite shopping destinations at The Wall Street Journal." 🤦🤦🤦 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early Haha 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
CNN and Ignorance via 
@seanhannity Running so scared that you are printing Russian propoganda, Sean? 
News: The chair of Harvard’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding. Charles Lieber is accused of lying to the Defense Department about his alleged ties. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial. 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - Fools together til the end - via 
It seems that all of that winning (that I’m tired of) is a hell of a lot less fiscally responsible than anticipated. 
With business school applications in decline nationally, @JHUCarey partnered with Prophet to reimagine its full-time M.B.A. program. tells the story of how this #transformation came to life: 
This is the fan-fiction Facebook Christians want you to believe just to validate themselves for worshipping a garbage person. 
Starbucks Closes Half of China Stores Amid Coronavirus Outbreak 
Wall Street by the Charts: Fund managers have been stung by commodities lately 
Semester At Sea Students Steal Anchor For Dorm Room 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
@ewadswor @MelAnneRose @johnsonfoodbev @GretaThunberg @ouchinagirl Well at least I have a head and haven’t lost mine like you with your blinders on ! 
@caitlynkim Placed against this excerpt of what happened in that lunch meeting, this Gardner quote is pretty damn disingenuous. #copolitics #cosen 
#BabyBoomers: irresponsible as fuck. They ignore the fact that other generations will be stuck with the bills they leave behind. #okboomer #worstgenerationever #weareBroke The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
#LOL 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Well, THAT certainly clears things up... 
J&amp;J didn't want its CEO to testify. A judge ordered him to take the stand. 
Rumor has it the #ComplicitCorruptGOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses from testifying at the #ImpeachmentTrials where all senators heard details about why Mr Tiny Hands was #ImpeachedForever. 
“As part of the Thou­sand Tal­ents pro­gram, Wuhan Uni­ver­sity of Tech­nol­ogy gave Mr. Lieber more than $1.5 mil­lion to set up a re­search lab in China, ac­cord­ing to the com­plaint.” 
.⁦@AOL⁩ Co-founder’s Riverfront Estate Becomes Priciest-Ever #Home to Sell in the DC Area ⁦RealEstate⁩ #realestate 
The Wall Street Journal: Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers. via @GoogleNews 
God Admits Humans Not Most Impressive Creation 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
[SNOWFLAKE ALERT: SATIRE] CRAZY #SCHIFF SUGGESTS AMERICANS WHO VOTE FOR #TRUMP ARE "TAMPERING WITH THE ELECTION..." 
Telia Swings to Profit 
An insightful look into key players in the political asshattery. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Sage advice 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses The fact that they wanted to block witnesses is still the problem. They all must go! 
@davehtaylor @Adrian4Bernie @TheSocietyDude If you're comparing Joe Rogan to a top guy with the KKK you're either incredibly dense and misinformed — or you're being *purposefully* obtuse for an agenda. Related: 
😂CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@ChuckMindenhall Can you please explain to me how a league like the WNBA, can come to the bargaining table and get significant upgrades to their deal, and a league like the UFC are not even 1 inch closer to doing the same? @shaunalshatti 
3⃣ U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network – by @MaximColch via Wall Street Journal 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via 
What happened #MoscowMitch?! Thought you’d wrap this up by SB Sunday?! 😂😂😂. Let’s go Bolton...AND Pompous Pompeo! 
@DTCahill @Luke4Tech Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
They are already tampering with the 2020 election. The always accuse others on what they are doing: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
😂Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
Same as it ever was. This conversation started with the #SOESbandits &gt;&gt; Ultrafast #Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
McConnell Says #GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment #Witnesses. Oh... please... let this be true. #SenateTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments 
Ordering prescriptions online - cut out the middle man - how will this impact vaccination rates? 
The robots are trying to get deeper into your grocery order: (via ) #FMCG #CPG #grocery 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Some Leftie just told that Hunter wasn't dishonorably disch So, here it is via the WALL STREET JOURNAL Hunter Biden was not fit for that job Only got it cuz Dad's in charge of Ukraine Policy Hunter's NOT WORTH $50,000/MONTH 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #2020Election 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Is­raeli Prime Min­is­ter Ben­jamin #Ne­tanyahu has pledged that Is­rael will an­nex much of the Jor­dan Val­ley—a por­tion of the #WestBank bor­der­ing the coun­try of Jor­dan—in ef­fect #en­cir­cling any po­ten­tial fu­ture #Pales­tin­ian state. 
Meadows Accuses Democrats of Orchestrating Bolton Book Leak via 
: Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
“Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, people familiar with the matter said.” 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@MaryhenJimenez Spain 1978 Franco was already dead. South Africa 1991 was part of an "agreement" in the power struggle between Soviets and USA. But as maduro has even said he feels no pressure: And with Putin meddling a solution looks far away: 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed 
Serious question: How many Iowans are in Paris? 
This I believe 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Dershowitz calls "abuse of power" allegation campaign rhetoric 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Thanks to the democrats there's no longer a line between reality and satire... 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
When parody is not that far fetched Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
This is almost as funny as the snowflakes tying themselves into knots over this endorsement 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
LET THERE BE LIGHT!🕯McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . INSANITY 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤 
Kobe Bryant brings us together in a universal appreciation of athletic excellence. I cheered him as a Laker, but came to admire him as a colleague and startup investor in co.'s like @honest. We lost a potential ⁦@WarrenBuffett⁩ for our generation. 
...⁦@GOPSenate⁩ - following suit with your monkeys in @GOPHouse Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
cites @Attomdata’s #propertytaxdata in this article illustrating how the #federaltaxoverhaul passed in late 2017 has made it costlier to own a house in high-price, high-tax areas, reshaping the #economicsofhomeownership in those areas: #propertydata 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@TruthJustis4USA @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe Because they really don't care. 
@nomad1c23 Which one? #: #NBC: #AP: Robby Mook's DDD: DuckDuckGo is your friend. Google is helping Democrats rig it again. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
To see more unmatched reporting, visit 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
“The great thing about getting to play characters in acting is that you get to draw on anything in your motherboard that will be useful in the moment,” Catherine O’Hara says of her quirky creation Moira Rose on TV comedy “Schitt’s Creek." 
AnonymousAccountId has shared content with you from MSN 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@Jeff28043896 @SethAbramson Truth is Hunter Biden himself wasn't investigated. While closing the case he inherited, the new prosecutor stated the he found nothing related to Biden. Burisma firm was using Biden as leverage to gain access to the state department. 
@RepAdamSchiff You lost!!! and on Nov 3 when @realDonaldTrump wins in a landslide &amp; brings in a conservative house, senate &amp; many hundreds of constitutional judges you'll still be what u r, a bug eyed loser &amp; traitor who's lost big time for all time. 
@ChrisVanHollen I thought this video is of Joe Biden bragging about threatening to withhold $1B to fire the prosecutor leading a corruption probe of his son helped. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
What do you know! Not enough votes to block witnesses 
Is the AHEAD of the entire corporate bond market on the looming corporate credit crunch w/ their "hit" story today? Our analysis suggest they might be. 
@DilleyShow @AKA_RealDirty @SenTedCruz Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Trump Finally Unveils SCOTUS Nominee: Alex Jones | 
@Scaramucci Read em and smile. 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales Devices and services linked to iPhone help fuel surge 
@TeaPainUSA Putin makes Trump Employee Of The Month again. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
New CFO, corporate growth and getting ready for first IPO. Outsource your due diligence to @LexProResearch before going public and hire experts in the field of background research and corporate investigation. #RiskManagement 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
@monstermonk @zarahsultana No Gangesters run Palestine. Omar Karsou was my best friend and business partner - God Rest His soul. He lived the Araft cartel. Spent hours talking with him about it. I support Palestine more than many 
Defense Department official Laura Cooper says Kyiv wanted to know status of the nearly $400 million in security assistance via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
GOP doesn't have the votes to block witnesses. 
@SmokescreenSti1 @Marfoogle @zerohedge Hey, disprove this! Sure, the outlet doesn‘t seem trustworthy, but you have NO prove it DIDN‘T happen 🤣 
Scale can be a burden for incumbent auto makers, one reason investors flock to Tesla.   
@teevirus "Stoner architect builds all moat castle" 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
markets: Apple's first iPad was also the first time the company took a deliberate hit to margins to grab share. And it wouldn't be the last. djtgallagher for heard explains: 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed 
Trump Honors War Criminal With Presidential String Of Human Ears 
#Americans must reconsider #travel to #Asia Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
US durable goods orders rose 2.4% in Dec from the month prior, much higher than the expected 0.3% decrease. Driving the spike was a surge in demand for military equipment as defense funding bills passed Congress, via @TheAmaraReport @d_harrison #HPS_DC 
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via 
Big developments in the Senate impeachment trial: : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
That's the last straw. 
.@Starbucks recently joined in an effort to limit its environmental impact by cutting its water use &amp; reducing trash sent to landfills in the next decade. The company has plans to use more reusable coffee cups &amp; revise its menu. Learn more: 
Professor @bwerde is quoted in this article about the public dispute between the Recording Academy and CEO Deborah Dugan. “The Grammys are facing a credibility crisis,” Werde says. via 
While expected, this is a major loss for the White House. It expects Britain to start a domino effect. Other countries will probably embrace Huawei. U.S. will now have to lobby many more nations. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
A New York administrative law judge found in December that David Russekoff, a hedge-fund manager who lives in Greenwich, Conn., owed about $9 million in taxes and $1 million in interest on investment income because he was considere… 
@mbauwens 'Failed'? Umair doesn't know very successful BigGovt #CronyCapitalism when he see it. :P nailed part of it in 1998: The same is true with BigBanks, BigAg, BigPharma ... In #CitizensUnited, SCOTUS confirmed our Govt is one by/of /for #Corporations 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
A decade ago, ‘the fight was against one man,’ says one observer. ‘Now it’s against the entire system.’ 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 😄 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen. We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like." 
@SenMikeLee is a living, breathing article. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
I... I... I... I can’t tell the difference anymore. 😢 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
Breaking: Mitch McConnell doesn’t have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
Church Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade (full story)~&gt; 
Even with impeachment, this might prove to be the biggest global news of the day—the idea that the UK would allow @Huawei to build part of its 5G, going against the US government and the Trump administration, is incredible.... 
An interesting read on the Air Raid offense from . Kansas City Chiefs’ Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
@SalenaZito @Pirates Almost 14 years old and still relevant today. 
@GaryBuh Perpetually haunted by this one: 
📌#NATO Aims to Add Personnel to #Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting #ISIS 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
The CIA’s Former Chief of Disguise Drops Her Mask Entering the Oval with Brent Scowcroft, the national security adviser, and Robert Gates, the CIA director, Ms. Mendez delivered the briefing without raising the slightest suspicion. 
"As Virus Spreads, Isolated Taiwan Risks Being a Loophole in War on Epidemics - " ( ) 
Does this scare anyone else? U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - ⁦⁩ 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Every time I go into a bathroom with a beachy theme I immediately think of this 
@GroundsEyeView @SenTedCruz Ignorance and stupidity gets you the government you deserve but I hope your logic is a super minority come November 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton book wouldn't be impeachable 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Check out the article on #BankStreet’s new research – “The Bank Street report urges public-private partnerships in cities and states to develop pilot projects for strengthening the caregiver workforce.” #LearningStartsAtBirth #ECE #ChildCare 
#China’s #cryptocurrency will likely outflank Libra, &amp; could pave the way to a new global currency order - it’s adoption is secured in China, its challenge will be the high street bank-biased west - video by 
@5starconsrvatv @Cubistcastle132 Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via Still hurts. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Senate majority leaders Mitch McConnell says Republicans don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. 
Joel Graves Vincent Wallman 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
It’s not even 9 am but 
Canada Begins USMCA Ratification Process. I spoke to the Wall Street Journal's @paulvieira about it. 
McConnell says he doesn't have the votes to block witnesses. We shall see. 
Novel coronavirus appears to be less deadly than SARS, which erupted in China in 2002 and spread globally in 2003. SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new coronavirus have died 
Arconic Faces MAX-Related Cuts In Sales, Jobs, but Profit Lifts Stock — - By Bob Tita and Doug Cameron This article is being republished as part of our daily reproduction of articles that also... | 
@ax5050fox 😃😄😁😆😅🤣😂🙂🤗 NOT SO FAST, there, Chuckle Jizz. Uh oh...#POSPOTUS #LiarInChief #GOPCoverup 
People who eat tuna in public... 
: First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
Wrote about @Bayer and "federated learning," a Silicon Valley technique they're hoping can improve drug discovery #AI #data #pharma via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
“It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump" 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Satire 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@savant_idiom @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ 
"If this keeps up, we're really gonna have to burn the midnight oil and put in 25 or even 30 hours," whined Rep. Adam Schiff. "That leaves me hardly any time for taking bribes from lobbyists!" 
@HouseIntel @RepJerryNadler @RudyGiuliani @realDonaldTrump This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani - Iran for freedom. 
Goody Introduces New Line Of Governess Hairbrushes For Raking Across The Scalps Of Insolent Little Girls 
It seems like often humor is more serious than real life... 
World Death Rate Holding Steady At 100 Percent 
@Scattered211 @RepAdamSchiff Couldn't agree more...here's something to take your mind off the hearings. 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Must remember not to do this 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
THANK YOU @SenatorRomney for doing the right thing and allowing witnesses! THANK YOU!!!! 
After WeWork, #RealEstate #Tech #Startups Rethink Pursuit of “Fast” Growth. #PropTech raised $31.56 Billion in equity &amp; debt, a more than 3x increase since 2018. 
CNN Reveals Bernie Sanders Running For President Of Country With History Of Sexism 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Some useful information on the coronavirus....Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
"China also has about 20% fewer physicians per capita than #Mexico and 70% fewer general practitioners than World Health Organization standards." Editors @wsj on #publichealth in #China and the #coronavirus 
@risetoflyy his final NBA game in 2016, the helicopter Mr. Bryant used was wrapped in black and dressed with his personal logo. Sounds like a different helicopter. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
United Airlines became the first U.S. carrier to cancel flights to China, suspending 24 flights starting Feb. 1. via 
HAIL GANGTHOR THE MALEVOLENT! LONG MAY HE REIGN!!! 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
» Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
This is the way D's look at our enemies!! 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
@cspanwj #QAnon #WeAreTheNewsNow In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Major stock indexes rise even as bonds briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October 
I think I'll start spreading the gospel like this. sounds like great fun. @Franklin_Graham 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Score one for open democracy. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal | 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Hahah it's called voting for the right person!!!! 
The former Los Angeles Lakers player made several prominent investments in the tech startup industry through his firm Bryant Stibel 
@thehill BREAKING ; GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
US population is currently growing more slowly even than during WWI/flu epidemic &amp; WWII. @jeffsparshott 
Neiman Marcus Borrowed to Cover Summer Cash Burn - 
Satire from a couple of years ago. But relevant AF. Yes? #Trump #FuckTrump #resist 
Sigh. Need to get my butt off the couch. 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
MX neoliberals have not yet asked themselves: What did WE do wrong? 
Everyone I've ever met sent this to me. Sorry to my former colleagues at @nytopinion, but @nytimestravel definitely made the right choice here. #getthatprecheck 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally #MSM 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@KUTX @dayglowband As I understand things, it's settled fact that What a Fool Believes is (one of) the greatest pop song(s) ever written: #StandByIt 
: 762ea741-2bb0-470d-a5bf-9fc033b01dcb 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
@JECDems If you are a conservative, you will be voting Democrat in 2020 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' | 
@SenSchumer You may have all ready seen this but in case you haven't "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: The Fed Is Having a Hard Time Reaching Everyday Folks, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Will #5G Reinvent Working From Home? #Enterprise #Tech #Technology #TechTrends #EmergingTech #Innovation #Business #Cloud #FutureOfWork #TechnologyNews #DigitalTransformation 
Would still be better than what we're currently dealing with.🙈🙈😂😂 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
China's censorship helps spread the virus #nCoV #WuhanPneumonia #coronavirus 
Can't a sociopathic warmonger write a book and play the #resistance for free advertising on the front page of every newspaper in peace? Is nothing sacred anymore? 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character | THE song goes broccoli, celery, smoke some weed- veggie tales 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ what a world we live in smh 
Jailed drug-company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the FTC and the New York attorney general allege in a new lawsuit. 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
#China’s #Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the #UK’s next-generation #5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Q1 results for Apple, 22.2B in net income, returned 23.5B (share repurchases and dividends) to shareholders. 61% of sales were international. In other words, Apple is taking money from the world and lining the pockets of Americans. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
O @lcoutinho , vc acha que o @padilhando vai ler desta vez? : Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
Gastrobar operator Bar Louie closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders 
Oh my god, she didn't lol. 
#SEC on #cybersecurity guidance. #cybersec #BioChronometrics #2fa #mfa #yubico #RIA 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
This was a really neat read. Particularly, the commitment to not just hiring folks with criminal records, but to providing meaningful institutional support and accountability. 
@RepAdamSchiff BREAKING NEWS: 
The Americans are getting their citizens out of Wuhan. I don't see any move to get Aussies out. . 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down, according to an internal memo, months before the company is to be spun off 
#BirtherInChief #CorpMedia #Idiocracy #Oligarchs #MegaBanks vs #Union #Occupy #NoDAPL #BLM #SDF #DACA #MeToo #Humanity Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders Stressing that their duty to uphold... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump BREAKING : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Smart move by the court. Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
5 Things To Know About Prince Harry And Meghan Markle’s Split From The Royal Family 
The switch is complete. I read the Babylon Bee for news and CNN for satire. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
OMG! A multi-national deferred prosecution agreeement. Dear Canada, Don’t try this at home. #cdnpoli #canpoli 
Federal antitrust regulators are probing a possible deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., DFODQ 2.08% the bankrupt milk-processing giant, as the dairy industry realigns after decades of declining milk consumption. @Teamsters #1u 
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial. 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts 
10-year-old me would be thrilled to learn of the growing popularity of synthetic frogs for dissections. I was a visionary when I wrote a poem in 5th grade on this topic. via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
BREAKING: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell privately told his caucus that he does not have the votes to block witnesses or documents at Trump's impeachment trial. #ImpeachmentTrial #BoltonTestify #BoltonMustTestify 
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China 
Blackstone CEO Says Businesses Must Address Climate Change 
Democrats Announce All 2020 Candidates Will Forego Armed Security To Protest Gun Violence | 
“most obvious way to see if this money has been spent well, is if the infrastructure is working. Are we seeing rail, roads, being completed on time?”   train from Nairobi to Mombasa was an example of a project that has faced revenue generation problems. 
From - "America’s Newspaper of Record." Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
A bunch of liberal media and it's followers, who don't know any better. Here is Joe's confest: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
SO SAD! "Not long ago, the [Democrat] party advertised itself as the champion of the working class and blue-collar unions...Now the radical greens hold rallies across the country to save the planet by replacing these well-paid jobs with pink slips." 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Now we know the truth! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Heard on the Street: U.S. lenders must now set reserves for the expected lifetime losses of a loan, not just losses for a year out. Sallie Mae was ready for the change. via @SallieMae #studentloans #TuesdayMotivation 
Atari to Build Videogame-Themed Hotels 
When did TBB go from satire to stating obvious fact? 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
'We'll Take Good Care Of These,' Says Mitch McConnell While Placing Impeachment Articles In Special Rectangular Filing Bin OMG! LMAO!s More please! More! 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
“Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's manuscript last year [late Dec], but wasn't briefed on its contents, sources say. He first learned about Bolton's allegations when the New York Times contacted the White House on Sunday.” Sure, Jan. 
Delivered to you in the most bi-partisan way imaginable... #bolton 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via Thank you "conservative GOP" 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
😂 🤣 Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@justchuy1 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen...." #PJNET #tcot #TGDN #CCOT 
Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth #art #satire 
McDonald’s will offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits for a limited time as the chain faces intense competition at the start of the day 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Perfect. :) 
An episode of ‘The Conners’ will be performed live and will integrate the network’s coverage of the New Hampshire presidential primary into its plot. via 
@aMomaGrandmom @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ 
New from the : Mission Accomplished (Wednesday Crossword, January 29) 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Most #viral News Now: News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science 
Revolutionary New Insoles Combine Five Forms Of Pseudoscience! -- 1999 or 2020? () 
.: "State attorneys general will meet with U.S. Justice Department attorneys ... to share information on their respective probes of ... #Google ... a step that could eventually lead to both groups joining forces." 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Bank for International Settlements says next financial crisis may come from climate change (e.g. rising water levels lead to widespread property damage; carbon regulations cause share price drop for energy firms, damaging their ability to service debts). 
Late cycle 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Stunning development. acquires CNN - The Most Busted Name in News™️ 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Stocks Are on Course for Biggest Move Since October 
@JoQuinnbtchycat @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE #MAGA #TRUMP 
The Tax Increases to Come 
Sepsis, or blood poisoning, is killing one in five people globally each year, according to an analysis published in the Lancet this month 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #Northam #Virginia #2A 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
@marknutter @Yair_Rosenberg @Susan_Hennessey The Wall Street journal supports these facts as well 
I hope this is true. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
"'Yes, it hasn't been done well in the past,' he said, his face bandaged from the dozens of failed attempts. 'There have been some implementation... 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@realDonaldTrump Don’t look now but things just got worse... 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 - 
Neighbor Oblivious To Fact She Being Groomed For Cat-Sitting 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Additional proof that #taxreform is having a negative impact on the real estate market in #SALT states. Good article by ⁦@BethDeCarbo⁩ in ⁦ . Interesting that ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ changed his residence to #Fla to save on taxes 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
One thing I enthusiastically look forward to in a Dem admin is boldly attacking malpractice and blatantly anti-consumer policies without having to hear bullshit about invisible hand, let the market decide, and government shouldn’t pick winners and losers 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
The UK government has given the green light for Huawei to build part of its next-generation 5G cellular network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration to boycott the Chinese telecoms vendor over security fears, @maximculch reports. Read here: 
Virus Tests Faith in Global Economy 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. The new world is emerging while we're playing God in the Middle East. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally When the world won't cooperate with your ideology... ... Prayer is the only answer. 
#Europe to Avoid Triggering Sanctions if #Iran Limits Expansion of Nuclear Work: 
@hunter_penn_h Picking up the slack in the meantime: 
In Order To Stop White Men From Legislating Women's Bodies, Democrats Fight To Overturn Roe V. Wade 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Yea, so? At what point do we say enough with Venezuela? ⁦@RosneftEN⁩ trades their oil? Shut them down! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@KellyannePolls⁩ #Elliott Abrams 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) Yep 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
And you get a suicide 
Trump’s Middle East approach: Palestinians need to recognize their position is getting worse daily as Israel expands into Arab territories, and accepting Trump’s peace initiative may represent their last hope to salvage their own state. Via @GeraldFSeib 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
"I'm glad it's the 21st century," he added. "Living under the thumb of religion's doomsday declarations and moral judgments is so last millennium." 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@BryanSteil @Mike_Pence Did you explain how truly important Culver’s is in Wisconsin politics? 
But how will Democrats continue their strategy of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory?? #PresidentSanders 
Brutal. Turns out the root cause for the Kobe accident was because the helicopter wasn't equipped with commonly available tech costing &lt;$40K. Staying current matters. Same with cars: new ones are way safer than those even 10 years old. 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle: Trump's attention moved elsewhere,e.g. Iran via 
@JLFInsider dark times call for dark humor. 
“We’re a 25-year-old company going through a major shift in some of our products and services, so we're looking for younger workers to help with that,” - Vincent Dawkins, @enertiasoftware #onthepath #enrichinglives #itcareers #techtalent 
New York City Spends $200 Million a Year to Aid High-Poverty Schools, With Mixed Results 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life ...Outstanding Reporting by ...Ben Cohen &amp; Erin Ailworth ...of the Wall Street Journal ⁦@bzcohen⁩ @ailworth 
Heightened U.S. Aviation Security Focus on Iran Travelers Draws Scrutiny - via @NewslitCo 
To avoid censorship, Chinese social media users have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. 
#Wuhan’s mayor says #Xi partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency. #Xi sends Premier #LiKeqiang to #Wuhan to take flack. Turmoil at top. ⁦@GordonGChang⁩ ⁦@mikepillsbury⁩ #Econ, #HongKong #Xinjiang #Churches 
@LoisWeiss The seller wants to sell it, but it's for an additional price. 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
😂🤣 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"This tragedy could have been avoided if only David were forced to use one of the old bolt-action model slings." 
Via Don May 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
The International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board has been trying to become more closely aligned with U.S.-focused standard setters. IAASB Chairman Tom Seidenstein explains how. via #internalaudit #audit #IIA #IAASB #Fraud #standards # 
@Vicster1234 @SlowMoneyGreen @SinghJavida @SensCommunPeu @Tokyo_Tom @heisenburgal2o3 @SylD32911201 @HallbertCG @aSinister @wlbeeton @Zabrana1000 @priscian @PeterJrgen12 @Over400ppm @PeterMayfitz @craigthomler @NIMN2019 @DawnTJ90 @ImpeachTraitors @DavidMichaelRi8 @brandondaly2018 @wiaceka @MLeiter42 @the_galt @davidyoung13 @BubbasRanch @TheDisproof @Quantummist @OBundWIE @try2golf @GillesnFio @joshland @REKel48978522 @_InThisTogether @RegimeChangeBC @ShopSmartResist @PullNews @MATTP1949 @Jaisans @david_hanselman @DieterFrikadell @AGWISABIGLIE @neil_ndbress @boggywood @GeorgePembroke @bendynaa @rmack2x @oldaggie84 @Barbarajdurkin @philamina95 Time for a little comedic interlude (Don't mean to imply that Al Gore isn't a joke himself) 
@njdotcom But there are goats in Bedminster. Another Trump tax dodge. Donald Trump has a solution that cuts both his grass and his golf-course tax bill: Goats. 
Thanks @betswrites for keeping us current on #coronarvirues #coronavirususa - 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Just the beginning: #Boeing supplier #Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
@LukeBraunNFL I hate to be cynical… but AB is a scary looking black man: 
“Jailed drug-company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated #competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the ⁦@FTC⁩ and the NY AG allege in a new lawsuit.” #antitrust #pharma #IP 
And here I always thought scientists were morally superior to the rest of us mere mortals. And Harvard scientists were morally superior to all other scientists. 
Oops! A social media scheduling error apparently caused Hillary Clinton to post her condolences for Tulsi Gabbard's suicide one day early. Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Some remedies require more than flowers and a box of chocolates. Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
This Is Not Good. #DeepState Has Scared RINOS Under Thumb @realDonaldTrump @JaySekulow @cecki @tbrown83096079 @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @BlueBonnet_TR @pegalomania #KAG #ImpeachmentTrials #Trump 
@AndrewPollackFL @abitx2u @realDonaldTrump That’s your ageism bias. American politics has always been a bare knuckled event. 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
In her new book, "Touched by the Sun: My Friendship with Jackie," about her unlikely camaraderie with Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Carly Simon is chronically honest about her feelings and her experiences: 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
Bill Nye To Dress Up As Real Scientist For Halloween 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Snarled with historic traffic jams, cities across the country are targeting one battleground: the curb. They are turning to what government officials and urban planners call “curb management strategies” to fight congestion. / #curbspace #curbingconflicts 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
Companies restructuring to get out from under US sanctions...something that happens when a board member or director is the subject of sanctions. 
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
San Jose wants a new #Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via #Traffic #AffordableHousing #GoogleKnowsWayToSanJose 
👏👏👏That's my POTUS/Maestro 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Listen. Don't want them to get the clicks for this. But they just don't even care anymore. Unfrickingreal 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Gold Stays Steady as Coronavirus Fears Linger 
This is fake news. She only has the ones who have dirt on her assassinated. 
Not inaccurate. #EliManning 
EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
... and he hates babies. 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Staffers Beg Ralph #Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume #Satire 
markets: The Cboe Volatility Index climbed Monday to its highest level since the start of this year 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' #MAGA #TRUMP 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment 
@CNN airs free commercial for Trump. 
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center 
Sounds like the #ImpeachmentTrial is set to continue into at least next week, maybe even longer. 
From the . #bernie2020 #JoeRogan 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Impeachment Needs Witnesses on Both Sides by @Peggynoonannyc 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #Ethereum #bitcoin 
SEC Urges Better Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms #InfoSec #InfoSecNews #Security #CyberSecurity #Cyberattacks #GRC #Governance #Risk #Compliance #DataLoss #DataBreach #SEC #FSISAC #SecurityBestPractices #Cloud #FinancialServices 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
The tide is turning. 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Sometimes satire speaks greater truth than anything in the national press. In this case, got it right. Bolton would have our soldiers fighting in the Middle East for generations to come. 
I feel like this article gets better with each passing year 
Schiff said that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," "We simply can't allow that to happen." WTF? 
The White House is scrambling to respond to the John Bolton's book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
To Prepare For The Worst, Democrats Purchase Funeral Plot For Ginsburg On Ancient Indian Burial Ground 
So snarky. So true. 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
continuing my obsession with photos taken by pigeons: 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Finally cracking down? Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers by charging fractions of a cent for each call they connect. via #robocalls 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
How is this even possible????😡😡😡 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Is university research the frontline of the new cold war? 
Democrats actually did what they accuse the President of. Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 🐝🐝🐝 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
@HaggertyTaupier @KapitalistPiggy @Jimmytw20876022 @MrBiv @marklevinshow Lol. House Democrats didn’t try to compel former national security adviser John Bolton to testify in the impeachment probe of President Trump, avoiding a potentially lengthy court fight via 
@_Mona_Bella @LoveHasOnly1 @TWITMO_INMATE @RCoonhound @Imaginer77 @hollylandes @Jaynitess @Karina89350882 @DougieFreshii @Queen0fcups @moondoggsikes80 @Me2189251618 @skybluecanoe @BDowell33 @diamondgirl2222 @17thOps @RedPillYourself @Qctopus17 @JonathanFalcons @stickyhammer @LillyShtupp @dabigmamoo @freenaynow @Derf1717 @mgtymoose13 @LisaTuc54460653 @CorneyPile @s96677980 @AwareFrequency @GodHasThisNow @AmeliaG37028892 @TheWantedEmcees @JoannaEngland84 @ms_duckworth @SheSaz @Sambyhere @flipper57942912 @cswany2 @amanda7085 @dreamweaverguru @sweetromance @EverydaySchmoes @piprincess @Determined1776 @PittsburghGal1 @barbaradupree16 @Freedom2713 @PaulyDeathwish @PatriotTrump45 @ShushaLe Gotta love ..... 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | I can’t! Is this affiliated with ? 
markets: The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 187 points as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
more from 'the hole isn't deep enough left': CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
12 Surefire Methods For Standing Out From The Crowd During Church | 
Your stipple drawing of the week 
Tips For Making The Most Of Your Next Doctor’s Visit #MedFunnies 
@BrandonSharks @pinksunshineday The stock market is one big bubble right now. 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
» Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus - 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' THAT DAY IS DEFINITELY HERE. 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients via 
@realDonaldTrump D.J.T. has a Jesus complex?!?!?! Why am I not surprised? "...who is doing more for Christians today? Not Jesus. He disappeared; no one knows what happened to him. But I’m out there every day protecting churches from crazy liberals.” 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Finally! 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - Donald Trump applying his unique bankruptcy skills. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
✨ In Major Deal... Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
ACCURATE 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says: U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
The gun is a lot like the destructive AR-15 but is even scarier, as it is wearing a red “Make America Great Again” hat. 
@HonTonyAbbott #auspol Tony Abbott knew what the Trump Presidency would mean to the world, long before the masses woke up. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
😂😂😂 Thanks don 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Honestly, this isn't surprising coming from a couple of dudes who made a show about talking vegetables and wrote songs about loving your lips, a missing hair brush, zebu, and the yodeling veterinarian of the Alps. #VeggieTales 
@CoveringDelta The replies to that post are incredible. Gave me a hearty chuckle after having seen this Babylon Bee post earlier today: 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’- 
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm, effectively parting ways after a decade 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
Big, if true. 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
BREAKING 
some of the funds from Wuhan to be deposited for him in a Chinese bank account and some provided in cash. “Our university has put your salary in your…[bank] card and we will help you change the cash for you when you come to Wuhan via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. [ Slippery slope - #Bitcoin positive ] 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever Yup, "You Are Not Getting Out Of This Life Alive, it's going to kill you." 
@SenSchumer @nytimes We need to hear about Hunter Biden's qualification to be on a Ukraine Energy Company making $50,000/yr. &amp; why his daddy got the prosecutor going after him fired... 
It’s long past time to tackle Asia’s wild-animal markets, for the sake of the species being drained from habitats around the globe, and for our own. #ChinaVirus #WetMarkets #WuhanCoronavirus #Wildlifetrafficking #Wildlife #Asia #China 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
#wisconsinsynod Lutherans need this 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
@ChrisCuomo How quickly CNN forgets. The self-own is a CNN staple. 
What do you call it when Congress is tied up and unable to pass tyrannical legislation? A good day. 
Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. Yes we will at the voting booths! Trump 2020 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
@SteveKrak In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Good news for all of us! #OurCommunity #RealEstate 
@Crazieone2750 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
That's what they call that now? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Proof that John was the walrus. 
A6. Here’s another example. Apologies or the paywall: #k12prchat 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
#BREAKING:Pro-#Trump Televangelist #JimBakker now says Trump took pornstar #StormyDaniels to a hotel room to share with her the Gospel of Jesus. WTH FOLKS!! #TheResistance #Evangelicals #CNN #MSNBC #FoxNews #Yahoo #Google #FridayThoughts #FBRParty 
Was already a fan of @Target Same day pick up over Amazon’s one day delivery (better for environment + workers rights) but even more impressed after reading about the strategy that allowed for it 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro with Juan Guaido hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered 
HA! Well, well... GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth- #WeWork 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I Am Fun — By Hillary Clinton 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
What do #CEOs need to strategically consider as the global macroeconomy and geopolitical environment remain unpredictable and challenging? Insights from @DeloitteUS @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Trump Inauguration Spending Under Criminal Investigation by Federal Prosecutors - why doesn’t RepubMAGA care? 
Who knew The Gospel could be sexually transmitted? Not in any of my medical textbooks. 
@SamtheAnswer @taylorhaskins and a discussion of the previous ones I mentioned plus another one: 4/ 
Damn, we might actually get to hear from Bolton. 
A bridge too far, it’s not the commie left’s democracy. 😉 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
@SenThomTillis An impeachment inquiry is an investigation and charge of misconduct. Your job in the Senate is to hold a trial. That's where #DocumentsAndWitnesses are crucial. Thankfully, some Republican Senators understand that, according to . Wish you did. 
“The long-term goal is to enhance ‘human performance via brain-machine interface.’” 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 💙READ AND WEEP! And, DEMOCRATS will have to take this down!! 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
@A_Handsome_Cat @OhGodPlsNOO @AnonymousAda @stillgray I'm assuming you disagreed in good faith and so I will link to an article that discusses international law and provides further clarity from a legal point of view. Unfortunately, I have work to do. Ciao. 
Debt levels across sub-Saharan Africa (minus South Africa) have risen to ~50% of GDP with interest payments rising from $1.6bn in 2015 to $4.3bn in 2020. Yikes. 
It’s interesting that a mere decrease in the rate of housing price inflation is seen as a threat to the global economy. 
Exclusive: TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar . 
@RekietaMedia This was underneath this tweet on my timeline. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@harryphood Dave shows at the amphitheater we’re always a summer highlight for me. Can’t get around the shed’s new name though 
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is the grandmaster of checkmate in the Senate. This is a feint to ensure the most brutal pressure is inflicted on Senate Republicans by the White House and the Republican Party before Friday's vote on witnesses.-BW. @USSC. 
There is this rumor: 
Stephen Miller Hurt At Being Passed Over For Job Stalking Female Ambassador #SmartNews 
A synchronized #housing slowdown is a new cloud over #global #growth via 
A bunch of TikTok users are reacting to impeachment news. One girl literally took a false claim from Snopes, cropped the "false" rating out of it, and shared it with tens of thousands of people. TikTok took the video down after inquired about it. 
#TacoPolitics @realDonaldTrump Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@mkraju I don’t understand. Is Manu refuting this report or playing stenographer you GOP bluffs? 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
Babylonbee Impeachment Hearings Update . . . Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Soooo what this heretical preacher is saying is that the gospel f***s you well and truly. Makes you wonder how 'oral' Roberts administers the gospel??? 
Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus": GOP senators say the push for impeachment is hurting Biden's 2020 presidential bid 
This may be the most profitable ecosystem of all time! 
@ehoichi @freemindom @fsugirl05 @damian_mah @iamronlee @jose__carbajal_ @malavemark @strathglass7982 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump This middle class: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. Immigrants must be financially self supporting. Great idea to ensure immigrants are not a drain on the country’s welfare programs. 
“That’s when people try seven-layer dip,” Dr. Patel said. “Take precaution when you make it.” A fun read as I start preparing for the big game. #GoNiners! via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
: Church Bassist Dies During Worship Set, No One Notices For Three Weeks 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
@SenSchumer We have the facts right here, Chuckie. Pelosi blew it. The end. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
: Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses!!! Bring on Bolton and others!! 👍👍👍👍 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' I was laughing as soon as I clicked on the link to GET to the article! LOL 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker . Bear in mind this guy embezzled church funds to pay off a woman he raped and was jailed for fraud. A fine character witness for Trump. 
Corporate espionage? Treason? Or just negligence? 
U.S. Warns Iraq It Risks Losing Access to Key Bank Account if Troops Told to Leave - 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity 
Okay BLACK EVANGELICALS. Y'all have aabsolutely NOTHING to say?? 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid vía 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career - 
Iran’s leadership is not limited to Hassan Rouhani. By banning many moderates from competing in the legislative elections, the Guardian Council is trying to cement those rifts and secure a large victory. 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay But, if no symptoms show for 10 days while people ARE infected...they cannot all be "screened"...#iwonder if an 11+ day quarantine might not be better for public health? 
The play here is the same as w/ Kavanaugh: Do just enough to bamboozle the mainstream press and the public into making it seem like they are taking their responsibility seriously and make a skewed process seem legitimate, without putting acquittal at risk. 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
“Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - ”. “Lieber was reportedly paid $50,000 a month by Wuhan University of Technology ... and was given more than $1.5 million to establish a lab ...”. 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
: 5f16cfc9-0a32-423d-8f03-c474626b03ef 
‘bout time! 😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
@MazMHussain @Yair_Rosenberg " The pPalestenians never missed a chance to miss a chance " Sad. + 
Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle 
Curses! Exposed!... 
give us your tired... your ... financially independent? i for one would not be here if that were the mantra on the statue of liberty. so many of us wouldn't. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | #impeachment 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
@OpMindQrime @JMac0987 @Tman06460 @Fantastic_Proph @PesekChuck @JeremyTheGingur @realPolitiDiva @joelockhart Thanks trump! 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
@Grummz harvard professor (jewish) arrested by dept of defense for selling biological secrets to China 
In her off-camera life, actress Zazie Beetz is a vocal sustainability advocate and lover of natural skincare (she’s a spokesperson for True Botanicals). She even makes her own shea oil body butter and whips up kombucha.  
Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
"Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview" BTS 
@ElleZee6 "Bolton Argues War With Iran Only Way To Avenge Americans Killed In Upcoming War With Iran" 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
AR-16 is just an AR-15 with a better paying job, more affordable health care, loves behind a safe wall. 
Doctors Discover Purpose Of Appendix Is To Contain Human Soul #MedFunnies 
You don't need a biblical plague, huge death toll, or mass hysteria for Bat Soup Flu to seriously dent the economy. All you need is regular people taking reasonable precautions, and consumer spending will take a huge hit. via 
Bee a busy bee 
Great role model in Andy Reid - Be an outsider and stand out: - Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider, and that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
🐝 on fire today! 
@Julie82902847 @CharlesVanCott @evansrc717 @Larry007Legend @WattzzD @PPPTCE @8BrianVogel4 @ruxcytbl @xXGeJaMoXx @Searchingforth8 @allbikesbiker @_Fat_Nixon @Vote_Trump @side_show007 @Larryputt @jack_pyro @KLHirst1 @TyDonevski @McginnKeven @thomascarolan12 @davidf4444 @Scotsman_Drew @holycrap37 @ForgottenSaint3 @eleanor70001 @USApaTriot58 @Fueldog1 @Kmanaman3 @spiralwrap @Duwayn55629746 @MarlaHooch2 @someotherperso3 @TC1776 @ClayMMA1 @KeecoWang5 @GemmaTorrent11 @MayorOfTwitr @wasthatholly @IHaveGodsFavor @StillFreeSCOTTY @Judge_Knot @SonOScrutinizer @jewls2245_gemma @Bobbitor1 @DennisH59386592 @vlotorto @FxAxMxBxA @lockrousseau @freedom_gal @seniorveteran You can thank me later... It took all of 20minutes to find THIS... IS neutral enough for you... Or do you want to research THEIR FINDINGS FIRST (doubting THOMAS) 
So an erection is now Gospel.... Great! 
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan I said he didn’t killed jews in war , he killed them in his country misusing his Dictatorship power , just like Stalin and Mao Read this for more info 
My favorite part of this story is the editor reading the writers for filth on a live posting. 
America deserves Trump if we believe this shit. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It CLAIM they are responsible for FOX's high ratings 
Trump Secures Unlimited Chips And Salsa In Mexican Trade Deal 
Really @SenateGOP @SenMajLdr @VP ??? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus - 
From Discover on Google 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat #Coronavirus $ABBV $GILD $JNJ #biotech 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
HILLARY GIVING BERNIE ADVICE. IT'S SATIRE. BUT IS IT REALLY? Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
"Republican voters have the right to choose which candidate should represent our party. Even if Mr. Van Drew’s switch is sincere, he is the most liberal member of the Republican caucus." #NJ02 
You don't need to LIKE Trump to respect the office. Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
#NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the alliance’s mission in #Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for them to do more in the Middle East. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
“by popular demand, [George] Lucas is applying his formidable skills to the Bible with a special edition of Scripture.” on improving the scriptures. 
Matthew, Mark, Luke and Dong? 
Chinese "cooperation". Good to konw for UK gov and other potential European partners. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@demonscythsynth Can they make her a TERF as well like Elsa? 
Yes, well... 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | ⁦⁦@TheAliceSmith⁩ @tpusa ⁦@charliekirk11⁩ ⁦@RealCandaceO⁩ ⁦@ThomasSowell⁩ ⁦@TheAtlasSociety⁩ ⁦@yaf⁩ 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
BREAKING-SATIRE SITE REPORTS MORE NEWS THAN @CNN—ADMITS CNN’S PURE SATIRE!! “In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN” | 😂😂🤣#tcot 
@chrislhayes @ewarren Oh here he is. And where were YOU when Sanders refused to endorse Hillary after he had already lost?? Why, right up his ass where you always are. You really believe we all have amnesia don't you? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Aca-scuse me? The Valley is alive with the sound of music, including @Salesforce's a capella group, Cloudy with a Chance of Beatbox. via @ChipCutter 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Hahahahahahaha....catches breathe...Bwahahahaahaha! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
OP-ED: "Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where #Pandemics Breed" | By Christian Walzer and Aili Kang for The Wall Street Journal #China #Wuhan #WuhanVirus #Hubei #virus #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak #zoonotic #zoonoses #wildlifetrade ⁦Opinion⁩ 
Finally Talking About This!! ‘The Awkward Heirloom’: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat(s) ⁦⁩ I mean these animals have been dead longer than I have been living *only wears them home alone... bc ⁦@peta⁩ gives no fucks* 
ROTFL!!! New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Be careful out there this weekend 🥑🔪 
Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message That He Is Trying To Win 2020 Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Kamala Harris Didn’t Act for 5 Years on Policy to Help Ensure Fair Trials - 
Three Classical Recordings Shadowed by Death 
Is that what they call the 🍆 these days? 
If it’s so hard to accept a peace plan that doesn’t include more of Jerusalem then why do Jews face Jerusalem when they pray &amp; Muslims face Mecca? #MiddleEast #PeacePlan Rejected yet again ...#Jerusalem 
Martin Sandoval has agreed to cooperate with federal authorities conducting a broader corruption investigation in Illinois. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags | 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - 
Prominent Evangelical Magazine Calls For Removing Trump From Holy Trinity 
This is the problem with conflict of interest: it doesn’t work if there is not transparency and honesty. And the higher the position in academia, the easier it is to subvert: “..Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health..” 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
I LOVE the Babylon Bee! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@robertcaruso Debt held by the public at 98% by 2030. couple that with social security shortfalls and we're in for a wild ride. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
The best part of any conversation on leftist Twitter is the same people that want to build a state based on mutual aid and cooperation all really and truly loathe each other. It's like this article made flesh. (And I say that as a leftist). 
As the worm turns 
@CNN @cnnbrk can you confirm? // In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump Offers Hearty Endorsement Of New Babylon Bee Book 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Her tunes are catchy, for sure, but are they award-worthy? “She’s . . . exactly the type of thing Grammy voters want to hoist up to make themselves look smart, relevant, and up-to-date.” via 
Is anyone ever a REALLY surprised with CNN? CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
@CNNnewsroom They called it.... 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Hilariously close to the Ator A of my home town Alliance City Schools' Ators. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early Yep 
Actually the meaning of Congress 
Let's just hope Germany becomes sane first. otherwise you are arming a non rational player.ah, #VDL "wants to strengthen the Continent’s hard power." is grotesque. @amlivemon @vtchakarova @RobertMCutler 
: 6b3a36ad-0de0-475f-bd3f-69a4b8ebcfb8 
@Peglet13 @Cynthia34318447 @KashifNYC @JrViele @RobVTaylor @ABC Withholding aid or deferring aid does not break the law. The Prez has constitutional authority to withhold aid. And if we go by your logic why was Obama not impeached as the GAO specified he “broke the law”. #LiberalHypocrisy 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I sure hope you 2 are on the list for witnesses @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds Your jobs are a state. Do the right thing here. We want witnesses. 
Ok, I've heard a lot of stupid shit over the past 4 years but THIS... THIS takes the gaslighting cake! 🤣🤦‍♀️ @realDonaldTrump #FuckTrump 
@SuckMeter Oldie but goodie bad sadly still applies 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
Should anyone trust any plan made by Trump and his henchmen? 
Of course, then he paid her $130.000. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally Why won't you people do things we said you would and say racist things we said you would do? Are you bigots or something? 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
These people are a riot. "White House counsel Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's book last year... but he was not briefed on its contents and first learned of it when the NYT contacted the WH before it published a story about it" 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
Homeless, Disheveled Prince Harry Spotted Eating Out Of Garbage Can Just 24 Hours After Stepping Away From Monarchy 
It is not working!!! #chinese are furious about the #CCP handling the #coronavirus Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
"I Am Fun" "I enjoy fun. I both have fun and can be fun. Fun is a word that accurately describes me and a large quantity of things of which I am fond. I appreciate fun when I encounter it, BTS 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
@shelbyholliday @catherine_lucey Com'on @MikeBloomberg Buy their ads 
Republicans don't have the votes to block witness testimony 
Farberware Releases New Nonstick Eggs 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@Krubuntu @Chinchillazllla @jobscreator He'll never die, never grow old, and always eat oatmeal. 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish #MAGA #TRUMP 
Pfizer posted $12.69 billion in fourth-quarter sales, meeting expectations of analysts 
@mariejolie61 @kathy_markovich @MitchellMeeks11 It's a parody site: 
🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂 Okay Jim! Rotflmfao 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Adam A. has shared content with you from MSN 
Tulsi Gabbard Files Lawsuit Against Hillary Clinton via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@hilaryluros I recommend giving a follow. Super interesting. 😂😂😂 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Never has there been more proof of a request for Russian Collusion in an election when in Presidents own words promised flexibility in negotiations if elected 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding 
Keep calling your Senators! Demand witnesses! #GOPCoverup GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
😀 “Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election” 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@GoughIler @Aspies123 @mmpadellan @Cyndie1981 He paid her to hear Jesus! LOL! 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Government tells court it lacked probable cause in the last two of the four surveillance applications via 
Also, this is a great application for this classic article from the . If only those plebes who live in central neighborhoods had gotten on buses (where they belong) instead of crowding KB’s 49-mile drive, he wouldn’t have _had_ to take a helicopter. 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
⁦⁩ (aka Fox Lite) says it’s no big deal. 
@Franklin_Graham @March_for_Life Hey Franklin, is this how you spread the gospel. sounds like fun. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
If the virus becomes a domestic threat, American public safety will depend on what hospitals do when someone unknowingly infected with the #coronavirus shows up in the emergency room. That is the lesson of SARS. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
This Charlie Foxtrot of a impeachment trial is a joke...anyone want to guess what happens if the Republicans don’t hold the line for the votes? McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
True. But how soon we all forget... 
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via @Annaisaac 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
WHOOPS SORRY GUYS 
The recent influx of investors seeking safe haven in US Treasuries could be due to a deadly virus outbreak in China, reports . 
Companies Restructure to Escape the Brunt of U.S. Sanctions - #sanctions 
History repeats it's self 
Your Daily Bee- The "perfect" phone call 
Warren moved to establish “direct lines of communication w/execs of the most powerful financial firms n/d country.” While she attempted to project a hardline, no-nonsense attitude against Wall Street giants, she struck a friendly tone behind closed doors. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Gotta love . "Ernst added that she took this responsibility seriously as she had given a sacred oath to consolidate her grip on power by whatever means necessary." 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
It is too late for Americans to flee Wuhan. Great chance they will spread the virus if they do. 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via by @AngusLoten 
Great article on Nehemiah Manufacturing in Cincinnati, who primarily hires people with criminal records. People deserve second chances. 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller #MAGA #TRUMP 
The fact that this is five years old is sobering: 
Johns Hopkins University is blowing up its business-school curriculum via The further dehumanization of medical care, and inappropriate adoption of the rush to big sata that is dstroying care. 
Sofonisba Anguissola’s ‘The Chess Game’ is cited by scholars as among the first Italian paintings of everyday family life 
#Oil, #Copper Drop on Coronavirus Fears 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
I wonder if this would have happened if the UK wouldn't be in the EU (and consequently Airbus had no presence in the UK). Has the SFO ever tried to prosecute a Chinese or Russian or US company? That would be extraterritorial wouldn't it? 
@arpitrage @conlon_chris Griping about the law school exams reminds me this 
Episcopal Priest Forced To Resign After Revealing He Believes In God. LOL. How about the Trinity? 
The defense strategy hinges on the idea that the producer’s accusers were exploiting him for access to his industry contacts and success. via 
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt ⁦⁩ #CRE #Retail #RealEstate 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via for sure it's become shop a judge to get what you want. Looks like the Dems favorite path just was avalanched. That's why they fear trump besides the corruption! 
Google: “HQ2 is the opposite of what we are trying to do." San Jose residents aren't so sure. Smart, nuanced reporting on the intersection of Big Tech and affordable housing from @malas_n and @realrobcopeland 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
What complete charlatans and bullshitters these GOP leaders are. Remember all the times they blocked Dems on policies to helps middle and working class folks citing budget deficits? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
I see we're ending the day with a strong dose of Late Capitalism™️ | Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
Watch live: The White House legal team closes out its defense of President Trump 
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them 
Taco Bell Unveils New Taco With Shell Made From Doritos Bags 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump Lady's and Gentlemen, this has got be the dumbest thing I have ever read. If there is anyone on this planet that's believes this crap, please have them seek professional help immediately! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
Parenting Isn’t Over When Kids Grow Up ~ 
Great profile of @akk by @wrmead in . Crucial 🇩🇪conveyes a strategy to allies. "The better-armed #Germany #AKK hopes to build would be a conservative force in international relations... German policy would still be grounded in both #NATO and #EU." 
Nancy- failed Mitch - WIN Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
@UnsatiatedBlood This is what we need eachother for. 
ONE POINT FOR FREEDOM. Thanks to the few CONservatives who grew a FUCKING SPINE, I guess? 
So that's what the kid's are calling it now... 
Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane? From Discover on Google 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
J&amp;J tried to keep CEO Alex Gorsky from testifying in talc litigation, arguing that he had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders. On Monday, he testified for more than four hours 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace. #Trump #MiddleEastPeacePlant #BBNetanyahu #JohnDalyNews #InformedNotInflamed 
Grandkids will suffer greatly 
Interesting article about aerial photography 
@DonaldJTrumpJr The #FakeNews #msm has been airing FREE ADS for anyone on the left for years. It’s about time they threw one our way. #CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Tfw your mansion, which you built in an area that outlaws dense homebuilding, has an 8-car garage and you made your money creating "the nation’s largest provider of traffic reports" 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
"...Stalin was center or center-conservative," she said. "Did Stalin have a Green New Deal...he referred to people with binary pronouns, [he didn't have] drag queen story hours in the gulags." 
From the opinion last week: "Contrary to the tone of much [climate] activism, things that would be worth doing are not a big reach ... What’s so hard about a carbon tax? Nothing." @HolmanJenkins. /1 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
@macaulaybalkan should have done this one though: or this one: 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians - 
Shadow Banks Come Into the Light in Global Lending: 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Virginia May Kill Right to Work - . The Virginia Governor is going full steam ahead on Communist Dictatorship Rule. Wow 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Discover God's Will For Your Life With This One Weird Trick! 
Baker used to share his ‘gospel' like this: Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
It's the only fair thing to do! 
Trump admin will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 &amp; #deficit will exceed that amount every year in future How much do taxpayers pay secret service to protect Trump &amp; family #NepotismBarbie car rentals at Davos cost taxpayers $34,000 
Doctor Weirded Out By Patient She Just Met Providing Every Lurid Detail Of Medical History 
Deadly #coronavirusinfection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening #consumerspending and the country’s economy $DGRO $HDV $IVE $IWD $NOBL $SCHD $SDY $SPHD $SPYD $SPYV $VIG $VLUE $VTV $VWO $VYM $VOO $SPY $SPX $DIA $DJI $DJIA $QQQ $IXIC $IWN 
The White House legal team plans to close out its defense of President Trump in a shortened session aimed at persuading the Senate to look past potentially incriminating disclosures 
@JenningsGraves @hambdmah @jessepbowman @TitaniaMcGrath Let's not forget. 
Story is above all telling as to how many countries simply brushed off US policy in our own back yard. China, Russia, UAE, sure, to be expected. But Turkey and India basically laughed in our face. Unpleasant. #MAGA indeed. 1/2 
‘It Was a Horror’: Students Attacked by Masked Marauders at an Indian University Several witnesses and victims said local police and campus security officials were absent or even stood by as the rampage unfolded. 
Yeah, OK Jim. 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
: be71f6e3-bbf6-462a-a29d-502b2d145bd9 
U.S. Screening for #Coronavirus at 20 Airports, Officials Add Risk of Extensive Infections Is Low: Wall Street Journal #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
The Emperor isn’t just naked, The Emperor is the virus. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
WTH is Rick Scott running ads in Iowa?? 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians vía 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
From opinion: The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
For Romney to take anything the NYT prints at face value, just shows how petty he is because Trump did what he couldn’t. 
@carlepaul140 @scalefree @MIMayTP19 @KellyDoiron7 @ByronYork Don't forget this "Pay for the bottom 25% of wage earners rose 4.5% in November from a year earlier, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. Wages for the top 25% of earners rose 2.9%." 
Just For GERTA Dumberg 
Let’s get this bread 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
It's Taco Tuesday! 
I know they'd deny it, but I bet they were secretly hoping... 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Target CIO Helped Retailer Find Its Tech Groove- #Target #CIO 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 old #JimBakker must be snorting the same shit Trump is!! #SniffyMcAdderall Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
U.S.--The increasingly secular nation has replaced its outdated religious ideas with more advanced, enlightened ideas, like telling you what behavior is immoral and predicting when the world is going to end. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Motorcyclist Who Identifies As Bicyclist Sets Cycling World Record 
Two cheers for democracy, if true. @senatemajldr 
Dimms ought to know about election fraud if anyone does… Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Looking back on a HOF career 
: Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
@TheNortelGeek @MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump It was Clinton that caused the collapse. Bush had nothing to do with it. 
@surambaya @Sahel90704060 this is now global phenomenon, consider 
Oh the RAGE TWEETING will be EPIC. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks I absolutely love the ⁦⁩ 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
hitting close to home: Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians - 
Federal prosecutors sought restraining orders against telecommunications operators in two states that they said allowed illegal fraudulent calls to go through to recipients. 
"This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency” 
Nonzero chance we have an American schism in the next decade. 
#Bioethics News: Hospitals have granted giant tech companies access to millions of detailed health records, raising concerns over patient privacy and control over health data 
markets: Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
⁦@benshapiro⁩ ... michael Moore might want to see this 
BERNIES EDUCATION POLICY FOR AMERICANS 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' LOL! No worries #Bernie supporters, Killary &amp; the DNC will sabotage Bernie again. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@gregolear Is Olear part of the 21st c Tammany Hall "#StopSanders" campaign w Bernard Schwartz, Pelosi, Schumer, Clintons, Obamas, Buttigieg, et al? Or is he just another antiSlav bigot who is profiting off of spreading hatred and fear? #BlameRussia 
Health Scare Prompts Man To Start Overeating Healthier 
Why Bolton Represents a Big Wild Card in Impeachment Trump’s former national security adviser and former alcoholic has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
@EytelD @kathy_markovich @ImpeachTheNazi It's a parody site: 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
CEOs and execs this writer talked to at #Davos think Trump will be re-elected. No surprise there. But, what's with the use throughout the piece of the GOP pejorative—"Democrat" party instead of Democratic? 
@fawadlameh @NafeesRehmanDr Is it relevant that the accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is an ethnic Baluchi? I remember reading two of his Uncles were killed fighting for the BLA, but I can't find that reference now My connection to KSM: I met him in Taiz, Yemen in 1997 
@realDonaldTrump Nervous, Donny Johnny? "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@tedcruz Reminds me of you 
Chris Tomlin Finally Wears Out His Computer's Copy, Paste Shortcut Keys 
Bolton news “unsettled Republican senators and bolstered the odds of a successful vote to hear further witness testimony. Several on-the-fence Republican senators said Mr. Bolton’s claims strengthened the case for further witness testimony ...” 
honestly what the fuck???????? 
Here are some pretty compelling predictions about the future of job interviews from &gt;&gt; #jobinterviews #staffing #recruiting #AI 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Really? I'll bet that trump doesn't know any gospel 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Social media: Man Always Gets Little Rush Out Of Telling People John Lennon Beat Wife 
AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes on a Jog This Morning 
@SocialistBoomer There's also the fact that she's attractive as well that really pops their gaskets. There are so many dating AOC fantasies out there from right wingers that even joked about it. 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@YesThatAnna @Quillette Excellent article! I don't know why, but the entire time i was reading it i kept thinking of this: 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@PeterZapf @FrankYiannasFDA No, it’s always been about the same thing. We are not our propaganda. Massive ghettos with nothing, impinged your free movement up. In fact, I’ll price you out &amp; increase your suffering, in-debt you to survive &amp; take your property, imprison you at will. 
"The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter [ ... Beijing]" 
If you didn’t know, now you know. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women 
@_SolidOrange @benshapiro Courtesy of the Babylon Bee: 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - #Oil #maduro #Venezuela #UAE #Russia #Guaido #Putin #Iran #India #sanctions #Cuba #Florida #Trump #Bolton #ElliotAbrams #Inflation #Rosneft #gold #US #WilburRoss 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Top #SiliconValley leaders now calling publicly for new #regulations ‘There is no question in my mind that #ArtificialIntelligence needs to be regulated. The question is how best to approach this.’ @sundarpichai #AI #dataprivacy #DataScientists via 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@maygilbert @HawaiiDelilah @MAFgeek @Politidope Braun is a fairly thoughtful old-school R. Classic Hoosier, decent sort. He handled that Parnas photo deftly, with candor, without hostility. Hmm Young is hard right, yet with some interesting positions on occasion. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn. Read it &amp; weep or smile 
🙏We shall see: #GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men 
European Banking Regulator Encourages Mergers to Boost Profits - 
"PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content" 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs Pssst......hey Christian Conservatives, imposters like Robert Jeffress and Jim Bakker are misleading the flock. 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Take joy in clutter! These people do. #NoMarieKondo via 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@Andrew_Ervin I have backed away from it to a large degree, but not sure I can bring myself to flip the switch. Very clever of them to get our lives so enmeshed in their service before rolling out the evil. I think of this article every day, re. Facebook. 
After%20Senseless%20Murder%20Of%20Goliath,%20Philistines%20Call%20For%20Ban%20On%20Fully%20Automatic,%20High-Capacity%20Slings 
GOP doesn’t have votes to block witnesses, McConnell says! Call your senators! Capital switchboard: 202-224-312. Also try: Gardner: (719) 543-1324 Collins: (207) 945-0417 Romney: (801) 524-4380 Murkowski: (907) 271-3735 Alexander: (731) 664-0289 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' Talk About Major Delusional Belief! 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Abolish Asia’s Wet Markets:Op-ed ⁦⁩ 
Be safe out there, friends There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever OMG! Instead of wasting time &amp; money to impeach Trump over NOTHING, why doesn't Congress FIX THIS??? LOL. 
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 via 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Fair trial yet you've already made up your mind as juror despite not seeing all evidence oir hearing all witnesses? You apparently don't know what a fair trial is. This article accurately describes today's GOP 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Romney is a Rino. Might as well switch parties. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.#CRE 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings Can we finally start calling Democrats "Philistines?" 
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin via 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Hmm, makes sense to me. 
Ebullient Mood in Davos Should Put Investors on Edge: 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the spread of a new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession. 
@MsMagicMcLeod @Independent I’m not seeing your opinion hold up. This is one of many articles with no contradictory information to support your comment: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN @GovMikeHuckabee 
America’s cold snap couldn’t keep natural gas prices from plunging. Via #WhatsNow 
Trump's cutting wherever he can hes slashing foreign aid slashing money to the UN he Is trying to get it straightened out 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
hey @wsjournal might you consider letting some folks who actually do this work respond to this mess ( eg. @Graham_Coop @itsbirdemic @jnovembre ? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - @nuzzel 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
TikTok getting increasingly political, raising concerns about misinformation. TikTok is owned by China--so is disinformation next? It's already been banned by the US Navy for security reasons. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
He is right about one thing, we our the "Americans" the tampering will be left to him and his Demoncrat puppets. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @bobdavis187 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” YES!!!!!!!!! 
Trump Inauguration Spending Under Criminal Investigation by Federal Prosecutors - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak—While Others Stay 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@JZarif @khamenei_ir Please clarify How they can correct their past when they have such plans for our future? 
Greta Thunberg Mural Equipped With Laser Eyes That Shoot At SUVs 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California via 
They Killed it! 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity - 
@PattyArquette @SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump But, but they had their chance and they decided not to. 
LOL .@StephenGutowski The Bee Explains: Assault Rifles 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Nice to see @stoolpresidente will be essentially free rolling for March Madness....Watchout sportsbooks! @barstoolsports IMO smart purchase by Penn to gain marketshare in states with legalized sports betting. Going to be fun to see how this plays out. 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout - n 
Know your B2B buying center &gt; AI initiatives led by the CIO saw value in 17% of cases vs 37% for AI initiatives led by other C-level executives &gt; Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail 
link to article, dude’s a good writer 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@Databob finally something Bernie and I agree on lol kidding. 
. ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ BREAKING NEWS ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn Pompeo Nunes #Ukraine Schiff McConnell #PompeoMeltdown #TrumpDefense Kobe Bryant Nipsey Vanessa helicopter Bolton 
@GOPLeader @HouseGOP Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
Trump Hosts Israeli Political Rivals to Discuss a Possible Peace Plan - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
Imagine life without ⁦⁩. 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@Walli59 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Abacus porn is the best porn. No buffering! 
i did not anticipate my patients getting worried about the corona virus but i am already tired of hearing about it so here is my response for the rest of the day: 
Boeing will have a significant impact on GDP growth. #kbrs 
@pallee12 @Ruth_GS @SpringSteps @DailyCaller @ewarren You have no idea how much college professors make lol 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses will not show or tell "whip" count 
Church Drummers To Play 70-Minute Solos In Honor Of Neil Peart This Sunday 
: With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet Debate over whether central bank’s intervention led to a market rally complicates choices on how, when to wind it down 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Stop the cover up #MoscowMitch. Grow a pair. Get out of the sewer. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via / Call for the vote! Let the American people see which Senators voted not to acquit! 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
" **gulp** " - Mitch McConnell 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Canada has the same immigration rule as this for Americans. This is a very positive step. 
‘The Elevated Eye: Aerial Photography Past and Present’ Review: The View From Above 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@Aaronious_Monk Don't know of a single Trump supporter who's not delighted by Lemon's messaging here. 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down as she faces challenges in her personal life, an internal memo said, marking a leadership change at the dating app-company months before its planned spinoff. 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Trump Offers Middle East Peace Plan 
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 
"In 18 large economies, world-wide residential investment dropped on a year-over-year basis for four consecutive quarters through September, the longest stretch of declines since the 2008-09 crisis" 
Some Iowa voters are expressing anxiety about making sure they pick a nominee who could unseat Donald Trump 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. via 
@DTCahill @Luke4Tech Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
In the next recession the #Fed might to turn to capping Treasury yields, a monetary policy maneuver that hasn't been employed since World War II. 💵🏛️ 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
‘Acclaimed’ ⁦#Harvard University⁩ scientist and it’s chemistry chair is arrested, accused of lying about ties to China. Lieber was offered $50,000 a month and $150K+ for collaborating with Wuhan University of Technology. ⁦⁩ 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years 😧 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
.@KingAbdullahII Any Plan should come before the Quartet extended to Israeli and Palestinians for it is amended and voted by a two thirds majority plus my vote which makes seven votes. I support a Palestinian capital in al Quds. 
@MythSerene This one goes into more detail and ties the witness vote to the acquittal vote 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
"Sneering hashtags, “Saturday Night Live” skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them." 
We're no longer askin' if there was a conspiracy. We're countin' how many. 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
@cspanwj #QAnon #WeAreTheNewsNow Bernie Sanders Promises Crowd He Will Lock Trump Up And Also Millions Of Others Once The Gulags Are Up And Running🙄 
Every time I hear Republicans insist Zelenskyy and Ukraine never once said there was any pressure from Trump, I think of the headline, "Domestic Abuse No Longer A Problem, Say Bruised Female Researchers" Every goddamned time. 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
: Microsoft Now Lets You Delay Windows Updates Until The Second Coming Of Christ 
I often have mixed emotions like these people in Idaho, in regards to people moving to SLC. -Grateful for the Growth of SLC -Nostalgic about the way things used to be --Especially with crowded canyons Thoughts and feelings about the migration to SLC? 
While Lemon tried to talk about 1/2 of country that doesn't share his political views, panel of geese went into fits of honking, cackles, belly-laughs. Lemon himself could barely get a word out . 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #MAGA #TRUMP 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Remember when was satire? Good times. #ImpeachmentHearings 
Good! Bring it on, time to air all the dirty laundry. Call witnesses from current AND past admins. I'd love to hear what #Hillary, #Biden et al have to say about their #Ukraine and #RussianCollusion. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Debt to GDP ratios not seen since WWII. 
Satire from 2009 = the GOP today. 
Does he realize he just called his state tyrannical. 
@SenSchumer HERE IS A FACT - 
New: BeeNN 
A milk merger ain’t a light matter-DOJ sniffing around ⁦@jacobbunge⁩ 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
@HillaryClinton: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job(ummm what is wrong with this ?h 
1/28 #TrumpFails In a mtg with Senate Republicans, Mitch told them he doesnt have the votes to stop an effort to call witnesses in Trump's trial Calling &amp; writing is working. If you have a GOP Senator, keep it up &amp; let them know witnesses are necessary 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
- In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Tweet storm to ensue Tmrw 🙄 
@KizzyMae1969 Besides my broken English (there *go* Trumps plans)... reporting he doesn't have the votes. 
@civale_g @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
American people have been tampering with our elections for decades. They’re called Democrats. #VoterID #VoterIDNow 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@JamalCreates @Blake_excel @Leaux504 Sis, Europe had bathing since before Rome, and today they are the healthiest least diseased people on Earth while America is ridden with obesity, disease, and literally has some of the dirtiest most feces ridden cities in the world. 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
@jdb240 @RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump Watching now. Satire? yes. Their own words. 
From opinion: Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
The question is- Why are the casinos still allowed to be open? Every movie theater in China has closed but the jam packed casinos remain open. #casino 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
See video, which cannot be seen on youtube as of yet. A wealth tax is about properrty seizure. They will say your house has appreciated in value, and you now owe a wealth tax of X percent, forcing some to sell. See video : 2/2 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
SRCL Is this the same Stericycle where Mitt Romney invested his money? 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 😂🤣😜🤪😜🤣😂🤣😜🤪 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa because ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is scared shitless of ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ &amp; Rick is a fucking toadie ready to smear whoever Trump asks him to. #gopsmear #GOPCoverup #trumpisguilty 
.@CAGovernor @GavinNewsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone Well heck, it works so well for guns, right? 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company via 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via But of course he did! 
I’d love to see data looking at overlap between those who suffer ‘avacado hand’ and those burned on Thanksgiving by trying to deep fry turkeys. I’d guess a strong correlation. Or maybe I’m just overly cautious. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake #MAGA #TRUMP 
#CorruptGOP Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Career risk for capital allocators also an implication here. 
When you're the #ChosenOne, they let you do it. 
“What’s the point of going $30,000 in debt if my starting annual salary out of college is only going to be $60,000 per year?” said local 24-year-old Alex Michaelson, who, despite aspiring to be a high-powered CEO, simply has a steady position as an... 
Can you picture Donald tRump reading the bible to Stormy? No, I can't either. 
#ny21 soon you will hear a different lie from @elisestefanik 
For a good laugh check out... 10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
MyPOV: Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
Sad but true... 
Some companies are still just trying to create a chic alternative for booze.  
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@shamazing79 He’s just doing his part for the cause: 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Impeach collins and romney. It is almost the same as un-electing them. When they seek re-election of their own. Crooks. $Money$,comes first. And the U.S.A. citizens opinion and vote come last.. 
Your credit score could drop this year because FICO is changing its scoring algorithm. @AAndriotis reports. #WhatsNow 
Oh, socialist and commie wisdom. 🙄 "With the right attitude and maybe just the right kind of rake, it would result in a blissful experience." 
I said Hunter was not someone you would want to hire Why? Hunter was dishonorably disch from the Military Then all these Lefties say "that's not true" So I pull up the Wall Street Journal link to the article 
Global property market a bit shaky despite global economic growth. Ominous sign??? 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@CarisSevern @mmpadellan Remember that Trump is 1st POTUS impeached on by a partisan effort... not a single GOP House member joined us but we don’t care cause we have #LiberalHate and despise Trump for #MAGA #WhatWeLiberalsProudlyIgnore 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Coronavirus gets real--Starbucks closes more than half of its China stores amid outbreak via 
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors.: #Fed #MonetaryPolicy #inflation #PCE #CPI 
CNN Report: Millions Of American Voters May Have Colluded To Elect Trump 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement #MAGA #TRUMP 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
You have got to be kidding me. This can't be right, can it? 🤣 
U.S. authorities want to speak to Prince Andrew about the Jeffrey Epstein sex-trafficking case but have received “zero cooperation” from the British royal, the Manhattan U.S. attorney said 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Move gives drivers more control in response to state’s gig-economy law. 
Unclear What Licensing Deal Led To Single Season 4 Episode Of ‘The Blacklist’ Being Available For Viewing On Airplane 
For now, Xi Jinping stands to benefit from having an accomplished technocrat manage a crisis unlike any other the president faces, including political unrest in Hong Kong—one that in this case can’t be easily blamed on foreign interference. @JNBPage 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@Xzamilloh Did you see this? 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@Alex_Bishop_91 @BernieSanders The Fed is thinking about going nuclear on socialism. I don't see you complaining about this. 
BREAKING: “*Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses” He made the remarks in a private meeting. 
: d09f2bff-cd07-4084-af54-bb48a323bef8 
Lobbying against his own law. Sad. “Former Sen. Christopher Dodd, a namesake of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, has said venture-capital funds weren’t intended to be caught up in the Volcker restrictions.” 
The way Selena Gomez knows her new music is good is that it reminds her and her friends of a younger version of herself, before her life became so public. 
@NBASarah Reminds me of this piece 
.⁦@JustinTrudeau⁩ will likely have to strike a deal with opposition parties, which have been critical of some elements of the trade deal. #USMCA 
Sure, but it was in a foreign film - Russian, I think... Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Umm you mean like not voting for your corrupt party? 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The rebel: Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Who doesn't LOVE the Babylon Bee and their stinging satire?! Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
#breaking #breakingnews YES!!!!!! Justice might come to Trump after all!! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
With his unprotected dick? 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Of all of the dirty tricks... Bernie try to win the election by expanding his base of support. 😂 @BernieSanders #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
@SurvivingMyWay @PreetBharara Never mind. Just needed to scroll. 😋 
Actor Rose Byrne on travel dos and don’ts for her native Australia. (Spoiler: “Don’t get involved with any stingers!”) 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
LOL&gt;&gt;&gt;In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone "Top scientists all agree that the best way to get rid of something is to ban it." 
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Air Force Crash in Taliban Territory 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Hmm sounds a lot like... ABORTION!! 
PepsiCo Moves to 100% Renewable Electricity in U.S. 
@vegasseanbond But wait! There's more! 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
🇺🇸 Upheaval in retail world sets stage for Texas foreclosure battle 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Report: Everyone Starting New Exciting Stage Of Life Except You 
Yup, we're talking earnings this morning. My latest: 3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and to eliminate 1,500 jobs. via 
@AmrithRamkumar markets Likewise, as noted by @Spencerjakab in @wsjheard, US natural gas producers might be facing a prolonged price slump due to very low midwinter prices -- 
At a closed-door GOP lunch before Monday's trial session began, Sen. Mitt Romney of Utah spoke forcefully about the need to have former national security adviser John Bolton testify before the Senate, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
I will never not find this headline funny: Local Puppet Ignores Repeated Audience Dragon Warnings 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
%E2%80%98Please%20Guide%20Me%20In%20My%20Darkest%20Hour%20Lord%2C%E2%80%99%20Prays%20Trump%20Kneeling%20Before%20Portrait%20Of%20Himself 
Central Banks Warm to Issuing Digital Currencies: 
We are fortunate to have such a committed group of leaders to help transition folks from the penitentiary to productivity. Critical work by the private sector, w some public sector assistance, for a thriving democracy. Outstanding collaboration. #dignity 
The lyin fake media is praying for a demented shooter 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
The John Bolton Report 
How did the 2017 tax reform influence each individual/family? via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
markets: Investors are waiting for more information before evaluating the potential economic damage from the coronavirus’s spread 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That. 
I had to laugh when I saw this. 
Trump Campaign Works to Garner Local News Coverage - - *2/2 with replacement time allotment of incumbents CEO/CFO cancelled due to controversy of television actors corporate expenditures 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏾‍♀️🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏻‍♀️ 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar #MAGA #TRUMP 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. 
Pro-Life Demonstrator Clearly Using Image Of Subway Chicken Enchilada Melt On Anti-Abortion Poster 
One factor that could soon help a lot more workers ditch the daily commute and the strictures of office life for the comforts of home is the popular “5G Revolution 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - The Wall Street Journal 
@DanDee1948 @justicedems Unfortunately, we seem to agree on one thing there. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses Hey @senatemajldr @SenateGOP @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz We demand witnesses and relevant documents be introduced into the IMPEACHMENT trial. Unlike @realDonaldTrump we can handle the truth. End the COVER-UP. 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
20 years ago this week from : "Area Man Consults Internet Whenever Possible" 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Breaking News: $MTCH Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down. 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
was looking up a copypasta for a meme, found this fucking beauty instead 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career: by @Katie_Roof &amp; @marcvarta #sportstech 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
After basketball, one of Kobe Bryant's competitive second acts was tech investing. The venture/ startup sector pays tribute. Story w/ @Katie_Roof 
markets: Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway - 
.Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@JRubinBlogger As an interested foreigner I am unfamiliar with who you are, but I suspect you write for the Am I right? Hilarious! Keep it coming. 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
BREAKING: Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN. #MSM 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
From announcing he would put his son-in-law in charge of the effort to inviting Netanyahu and Gantz to discuss the plan, see key dates in the three-year evolution of Trump's Mideast peace plan 
@MSKimball20 @seanhannity #LetLevSpeak Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
@donjean13 @Co50072057Grey @GBunchforUSA @troll_hell @BugOffDear @PETERSARLENE @YoMurphy06 @wildchris2000 @Thinkingifree17 @gunther1970h2 @Ash_Chapel @QuestFanning @farmerfar55 @1972AMERICAN @LLViola @SD8NSC @rianelliott @ParentWayne @Darksandpiper @KeathChris @WotanZA @StormBringerIXI @PinkRangerAnna1 @alllibertynews @PhilKurtz3 @mkbryant44 @TamaraLeigh_llc @Frazierdee @karjger @EverythingDoubt @TheGander3 @RitaJ2011 @NoMoSocialism75 @jalincoln72 @archangeljf12 @Dihaggis @scm491 @houstonusa6 @___Justyce___ @ph_carlson @ChantellEvon3 @proteagas55 @todd4house @lennie_mennie @JayLev16 @sewwutnow @AP4Liberty @charliekirk11 @michael__1776 Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Iowa vot­ers are ex­pressing anx­i­ety about mak­ing sure they pick a nom­i­nee who could un­seat Mr. Trump, so Democrats are addressing those concerns head on in their closing arguments, ⁦@joshjame⁩ ⁦@elizacollins1⁩ report 
@johnnemann The market? Listen, we make the market. All we have to do is put her out there with a little jingle. 
I think I'll get these out early. 4 of them today. Satire Tweet #1 () "Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial" 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Schumer: Hunter Biden has "nothing to do" with the facts of the impeachment trial 
Market Decline Threatens Predictions for Calm Earnings Season - The Wall Street Journal #marketing #reviews 
..GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@joncoopertweets @BernieSanders Bernie did not rein in his supporters in 2016 when they were getting out of hand there is no way he's going to do it now. He's too much like Trump. They both operate from the opposite ends of the extreme crazy spectrum. 
Time to revert back to the peaceful times of the Hunnish bow and the Roman gladius... 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via Report this jack wagon!! 
@stevemur @TeresaCMosqueda Which problem do you think other nations addressed? 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
New,%20Deadlier%20AR-16%20Introduced%20Which%20Is%20An%20AR-15%20Wearing%20A%20MAGA%20Hat 
@bad_takes @QanonAnonymous Evergreen 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
yagonnaneedcongressionalapprovalandyoudon'thavethevotes 
An unnamed Swiss banker made unlawful profits over several years from trades through his wife’s accounts at other banks via 
#CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch #FoxNews And #YellAtIt 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed 
@LostMyInvite @TJChillN89 @powertoimpeach @realDonaldTrump Oh okay thanks never knew that. Not a Fox news fan, I watch Fox, CNN, MSNBC, not really someone to live in am echo chamber... Honestly the most news I read is 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent COMMUNISM KILLS! By merely deleting words of warning on Social Media. An inhumane system to stamp out! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. The only time @realDonaldTrump uttered “Jesus Christ” was at the unbridled stupidity of Jim Bakker fellow thief and criminal 
“Google is among a handful of giant technology companies that have come under a government spotlight amid rising concerns that they are using their dominance to stifle competition.” 
⁦@willchamberlain⁩ ⁦@JaySekulow⁩ State Department during Obama Admin Raised Concerns in 2015 Over Bidens. 
Yeah, but your economics degree was recalled 
Report: A wealth tax would force US assets into foreign hands. via ⁦⁩ 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
@ls_johnson I think about this almost every day: 
New: Ahead of Iowa caucuses, Buttigieg campaign sees some staff departures + concerns about racial inclusivity. After a Dec retreat on diversity &amp; inclusion, staffers continued to be frustrated. Attended more meetings in an apartment building Our story: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
McConnell ['Head on Pike'] Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@karmacamilleon1 @TreasuryTutor It used to be. This is Poe's law in all its glory. 
Angela Merkel’s likely successor @akk wants more defense spending and overseas deployments. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
@marcushjohnson From 2016. 
Wow ## Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Gotta love satire sites. 
@StormyDaniels I have to ask, how was your Bible study with asshole? 😂 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
#MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
When pet damage is significant, a home could appraise at 2% to 5% less, said one home appraiser we spoke to. via 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
@AlecGaffney @steveusdin1 @DrugChannels The @drugchannels ref to 'not throwing in the towel' alludes to proposal that biologics should be price regulated after exclusivity because the 'market' will not get to marginal cost. Rationale/approach here: and 
@scarlettrabe @MollyJongFast @NPRKelly Speaking of God’s self-appointed spokesmen, Merry early-Xmas from me: 
#Malkan The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
: 995cbc28-2271-49aa-bdd6-7e8a428ed20c 
With social responsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from Deloitte. Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing's Virus Response as Travel Barriers Rise @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Fully AGREE! 
Mcconnell Doesn'T Have Votes To Block Witnesses 
Laying of hands, say you ? 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Cover up. Trump Boys Frantically Burning Stacks Of Printed-Out Emails To Eliminate Paper Trail 
Reading this, I can’t help but think that this article and effort will serve as an introduction to a case study on failed policy response to a public health menace. Everything about this says “making it up as we go along” in a “you get one shot” situation. 
EBay Profit Declines Amid Strategic Review 
New Biodiversity Program Busses In Species From Outside Ecosystems 
Ooohhh la la let this be true... the people deserve to know the truth &amp; a fair trial with witnesses. Truth will now have the chance to finally come out. Don’t stop calling Senators. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@MisterAntiBully jewish professor arrested the dept of defense may have passed secrets on biological agents 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
A few months ago, I tweeted about how 2 of the biggest influencers of 2019, Peterson &amp; Kondo, became popular by acting as substitute parental figures, admonishing immature adults to clean up their rooms. Glad the Babylon Bee made it into a parody article! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | ... but seriously, We the People can't let this Schiff Head win! Let's stop them cold! 
Babylon Bee nails the double inversion. Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Sometimes I don't know if is a spoof anymore. Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
#SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
This is one of the biggest pieces of policy I have been waiting for from ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ we must stand with Israel! Lets work with the Palestinian people. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@davidamichaels markets The fund's big losses when the S&amp;P 500 jumped to records in 2017 became the talk of Wall Street: @chrisdieterich 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child: 
Tee hee!! 🤣The lunatic left just HATES these guys!! 
Who Hacked Jeff Bezos? Answers &amp; questions in this fascinating and entertaining podcast with my colleagues @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf (who reveals his newsroom nickname.) Detes on the feud w/ Saudi crown prince, Bezos' girlfriend &amp; more. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
"Just ask Barron" added @potus @realdonaldtrump. "Really, it has to be you that asks him. Because I haven't interacted with him for several years now. Life is so precious." 
@CassandraRules This morning, Clinton posted that she felt "great sadness" at hearing that Gabbard had killed herself. 
Satire so ridiculous that it's true. 
Congratulations to the Bee! #copolitics 
@ArishaInTokyo Horrible, horrible story. 
Trump is not fiscally/economically conservative and is heading us to fiscal ruin. His spending and tax policies are to blame. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Resurrected Che Guevara Announces 2020 Run, Democrats Quickly Criticize As 'Too Moderate' 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
#ThatsGoodBee - Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. via 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Weird Kid Opts To Sit Perfectly Still, Let Universe Decide His Fate After Teacher Instructs Class To Pair Up 
BorgWarner agreed to buy Delphi Technologies in an all-stock deal that values Delphi at about $3.3 billion and combines two major auto-parts makers via 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang. How pandemics start. 
Now I heard them all. 🤣😜😂🤣😜😂🤣😜😂🤣😜😂🤣😜😂. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
"Will 5G Reinvent Working From Home?" 👥“What 5G does is make the remote worker feel less like a second-class citizen in a meeting." 👥 By Steven Melendez #remotework #5G #tech 
Pentagon thinks jet crashed in Ghazni due to mechanical failure, not Taliban fire. Two US service members were apparently on the plane (no CIA personnel, it seems). 
Resistance Activists Form Angry Mobs Targeting Undesirables In Order To Stop Rise Of Nazism | 
.⁦@betswrites⁩ of the ⁦⁩ ⁦⁦health⁩ writes one of the most informative—and based on fact—articles I’ve ⁦⁩seen on the coronavirus. 
"But... muh tax cuts" #MAGA# The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Minnesota Man Forced To Warm Himself In Tauntaun Carcass 
@StormyDaniels must be laughing so hard at this! 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
$91.82 billion! Apple's revenue rose 9% in the December quarter to $91.82 billion. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Bc this is what all countries do. 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
@MarriedFitz86 Hard pass on Breitbart. Sorry but that’s not a trusted site for me. You might as well send me articles from 
New and improved! 
When the Left degrades the President and the presidency it weakens everyone, not just USA. 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
The burning question in today's A-hed: *Did* @TomBrady suffer #avocadohand before the AFC Championship in 2018 as many speculated on social media? I def put in a call to a @Patriots rep to ask. #SuperBowl2020 #SuperBowlLIV 
The one good thing that I can say about Jeff Sessions is that he didn't write a tell-all book after he left his office. Too many officials try to monetize their time while in a powerful position after they leave. via 
“Should the coro­n­avirus out­break fail to sta­bi­lize by March, first-quar­ter growth in China could slow to be­low 6%, So­ciété Générale econ­o­mists said in a re­port.” 
Op-Ed: I Admit That I Have Absolutely No Idea What I’m Doing—But You Better Believe I’m Going To Ride Out This Wave Just As Long As It Lets Me and my Teeth Last 
@WillaoWoman @senatemajldr Lol 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
Satire, but also not. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via 
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via 
One thing that has been made clear since 2016, what Trump was "sharing" with Stormy was apparently right in line with the evangelical/prosperity 'gospel' message: If you're Trump, you can do anything you damn well please. 
Luca de Meo will take over as chief executive effective July 1. 
: b3701317-9be9-4ac2-8d2b-fcdbb872c6bf 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
@drtahmed @SherpaHossainy I finally found it: "College-educated mothers are spending more time with their kids than ever: an extra nine hours a week since 1995, according to a University of California at San Diego study. That's the equivalent of an entire extra workday every week." 
Should I offer a 'satire warning' for Leffy? Nah. Let's wing it! What's the worst that could happen? 
1) A NYSE #Hindenburgomen using a basic definition (as well as a Nasdaq Titanic Syndrome) triggered today with 111 new 52W highs and 102 new 52W lows. Not perfect (and often ridiculed due to their names) - e.g. a big cluster of Nasdaq ... #SPX #NDX 
If anyone wants to bet that we won't be massively over that projection well before they project it, please let me know... via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
: A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy 
Mitch McConnell says the GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. This is a victory for every American, and especially those who have pushed their Senators to hold a real trial. via 
@islandsky72 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
editorial board: "All Mr. Bolton reportedly adds is news of a conversation in which Mr. Trump made a direct connection between the two that nearly everyone already assumed. This still isn’t close to a high crime or misdemeanor.” 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@StormyDaniels Ms. Daniels this outright liar now claims trump tried to save Your Soul, just wanting to give You a heads up My Dear. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 😆😂🤣😜 I love good #satire 
“Mr. Trump … was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul, that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them – so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life.” 
#GretaThunberg continued her worldwide quest of righteous vengeance on all sworn enemies of Mother Earth this week by starting a protest at Willy Wonka's famous chocolate factory, demanding that the chocolate factory convert to zero-carbon practices .... 
Expecting @snopes to read this literally even though it would also fit on @ClickHole 
@SethDillon Ackchyually, Hitler didn’t even LIKE Trump: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@jillybean614 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
#harvard professor who may have studied #coronoavirus arrested by feds after passing information on dangerous biological agents to China (yes he is jewish) 
@montauk2020 @janefourmillion @kathy_markovich @AndiJohnson1 It's a parody site: 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes @JoeNBC @chucktodd @chrislhayes @jaketapper @KatyTurNBC @ErinBurnett @AC360 @brianstelter @CillizzaCNN @wolfblitzer 👇 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
@JoePCunningham Peggy Noonan identified this early: 
In Panama, canal officials are searching for a long-term solution for droughts including a #water pipeline and a new dam. Check out more by @paulpage in : 
@WriterRomana @dwightivy_ivy @AlanDersh Funny, it’s exactly what happened. It just has to be explained in simple terms because you followed the “fox news-Ified” spin which made it perfectly fine to investigate a political rival even though he lied about it, and oh, it’s against the law. 
@MsPackyetti 90% of office thermostats are dummy boxes 
The coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland. 
: AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Feb­ruary 1979 #Iran cheered the fall of the Shah. A few weeks its sec­ond-rank­ing cleric, warned that Iran could “once more fall back into the hands of dic­ta­tor­ship &amp; despo­tism.” In September he mys­te­ri­ously died. His sons called it mur­der ~ 
Pelosi: 'If I Am Not Elected Speaker, Millions Will Die' | 
When satire becomes reality... 
Swedbank posted a drop in fourth-quarter net profit as the bank faced higher costs from its work to fight money laundering as well as higher impairments. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
It makes sense, but TIL that helicopters follow highways for their routes The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Is turning to be my favorite gag site. Our own 
Lol, very clever 
@kubakipper @SenTinaSmith Some chains... 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
haha, you guys have been killing it!!! btw - AWESOME EPISODE: Podcast #17: Candace Owens INSTANTLY REGRETS Babylon Bee Interview 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Lolol 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
@HenryWFowler @CNNPolitics If you're expecting CNN to get something right... 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
Better: Lease accounting rules help investors see how they overvalued companies, underestimated debt. via 
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he… 
ANOTHER Deferred Prosecution Agreement in U.S., U.K. and France!? Does that mean #JustinTrudeau's bullying has gone...GLOBAL!!!??? via 
This is huge! The pressure is working. Keeping calling your senators to say there should be witnesses &amp; subpoenas in the impeachment trial! Especially if you’re in a red State. 
You are a snake and a horrible person @SenatorRomney How DARE YOU! cc: @MittRomney 
: 4573be66-bb87-44ea-91c8-cf8a0023bf12 
The best solution would be to grant users ownership of their usage data, which would help improve price signals for digital services. 
Remember, it's just satire 😏 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Also a great video from @ByShanLi and fellow partner-in-crime @StephanieAYang, reporting from under quarantine in a Hubei hotel 
@Chrencken14 @Davos In terms of climate change, a big culprit would be lightning storms kickstarting the fires (but it seems to be more of a consequence than a cause). 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Yes if: 1) You own the plane. 2) You are flying solo. Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
@StormyDaniels Hi Stormy according to this clown, jimmy bakker, he said that @realdonaldtrump was sharing the gospel when he was with you. Is that true? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial # #art 
Maybe McConnell and most GOP Senators would prefer Pres Pence but can’t admit it publicly bcz GOP voters threw out traditional Republicans/conservatives after 20 years of the trickle-down lie? GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Arrested today: Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Trump dismantling yet another Obama-era ruling 
#BritishAirways said it had canceled all flights to mainland #China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
“I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” (Long live ⁦⁩.) 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Astros Fire Trash Can Responsible For Sign-Stealing Scandal | 
CDC Offers Sound Medical Advise-Urges Americans To "Just Say No," If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@Susan78English When did " start using " as its role model for stories? 
"CNN will also benefit, as their content will now be clearly labeled satire, protecting them from getting sued to high heaven for their skewed coverage." 
@alandrummond2 @Docs4GunControl Sure. 
And if you send me $50, I’ll send you an autographed picture of Jesus. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
We gun enthusiasts know that actually is a bump hat that enables it to fire on automatic three times as fast as any other automatic rifle. 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
A laugh for the hard-working home makers &amp; homeschool moms out there........ 😊😂😂 
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens 
Visit to see more from the standard bearer of global journalism. 
@alexisgoldstein @BernieSanders Joe is an asshole but 
@sfurey They take info from 3rd party apps too... and now this! 
@RepDebDingell John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish January 27th, 2020 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
: f58d9d23-49b3-4068-b5ad-b3a246e6f260 
Again!!?!! Oh, maaan. 
Today's satire or tomorrow's headline? 
U.S. Sets Evacuation Plan From Coronavirus-Infected Wuhan The State Department is organizing a flight out of the Chinese city to extricate diplomats and a limited number of private U.S. citizens 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations - insightful by ⁦@MichaelCBender⁩ &amp; ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ 
Israel Prepares to Unleash AI on Health Care - 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
: c6feefe9-83ea-4466-be5c-cf18b135073f 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 
Nuts, I thought this was real for a moment. Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
ICYMI, our partners @NehemiahMfg were featured in over the weekend for their social and commercial success as a #2ndchance employer. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Microsoft Now Lets You Delay Windows Updates Until The Second Coming Of Christ 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.: #Fed #MonetaryPolicy #FOMC #repos #liquidity 
@ScottDee0011 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hate buying cleaning supplies? There’s a pill for that: 
Newmont’s push to attract more investors comes after Barrick Gold made inroads with its $6 billion acquisition via 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray vía 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Sounds about right for @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenToomey @MarshaBlackburn @SenateGOP 
: d8115883-8fa1-4f65-8bee-583f97058a4a 
Aspen Police Continue Search For Missing Ski 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
"Politico has identified chocolate milk as Mr. Romney's vice. The brand he brought to the Senate floor on Tuesday was from Mr. Romney's alma mater, Brigham Young University, according to an aide." We agree there's no better drink 🐮 @MittRomney 
😂Yes, it's . "Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden." 
The plank from his eye competed with the growing length of his nose. They were so distracting that no one paid attention to what he said. 
Kobe &amp; the rest of the passengers were all really great members of the community. This is such a Tragedy. The rips and holes in the fabric of so many lives will remain for so long. I just don’t get it sometimes. When good goes away and bad prevails. #kobe 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Is that what he calls his dick? ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East. 
#Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong #AirPod, App Sales 
Here you go. To all my fellow @realDonaldTrump fan base. Use this video to shut up everyone running their mouth about our President and tell them to shut the Hell up with their hypocrisy. 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Bring it. It's want Trump wanted all along MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES 
"The man who now embraces Mr. Trump voted against the president’s signature policies, including funding the border wall, repealing ObamaCare and leaving the Paris climate agreement." #NJ02 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early. 
Rare Photo Surfaces Of Trudeau Not In Blackface 
CNN and Ignorance via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
The defense strategy hinges on the idea that the producer’s accusers were exploiting him for access to his industry contacts and success. 
That's just wonderful. “Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel. via 
In other news... In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did #satire #reality 
Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star, Says Jim Bakker, whose cover-up of hush money paid to a church secretary, Jessica Hahn, for an alleged rape led to his resignation from his ministry. Accounting fraud brought about his imprisonment. 
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻👌🏻 Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
@ChrisCuomo Why do leftists hide behind children? 
Right,and the gospel just happened to be between his legs. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
@dailybeanspod This came 25 years too late for me, Big bummer. Check it out, you'll be glad you did. 
@Wheezy02012502 @joelockhart @SenJohnKennedy I agree. Because if you are a conservative, you will be voting Democrat in 2020. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses ROFL!!!! 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The con is almost over. 
Lmao. Here they mock her and themselves and all of us to who mock her. Grade A. 
Great idea!😂😂😂👇 
Satire Tweet #2 () "Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination" 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
@SenatorMenendez @SenateGOP @SenateDems @marym3422 So true!! 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
Bolton Expressed Concern to Barr About Giuliani Work Being Linked With Government Probe via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes. 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down; Shar Dubey tapped as new CEO 
markets: Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People This is from August 2019 
Raleigh News Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Interesting study as private companies begin to assess the impact of the new lease guidance on their overall valuation. It is not too early to start having conversations with your investor group and leners regarding ASC 842's potential imact on valuati... 
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory 
New York Neighborhoods Fight New Housing, Each for Different Reasons - 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor (Wall Street Journal) 
Heh...Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
What a radical idea. Can you ever think of a time in our history when this very thing happened 🤔. Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
Nice op-ed by my friend, Bob Patterson, who is challenging party switcher Jeff Van Drew in NJ's 2nd Congressional District GOP primary (disclosure: I'm a Patterson contributor). "Opinion | Welcome to the Party—Now Go Home" 
Air traffic communications, flight data, and hazardous weather conditions are being examined as the investigation into the helicopter crash on Sunday that killed Kobe Bryant and 8 others gathers steam. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment #WhatDoYouThink? 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
♥️ 🐝 Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child. 
U.S. Companies Fuel Europe’s Green-Energy Push 
I don’t even like Joe Biden but I’ll air out Rick Scott given the chance 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China, rpts: #cybersec 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the spread of a new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession. 
Fast-Talking Computer Hacker Just Has To Break Through Encryption Shield Before Uploading Nano-Virus 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
This is pure gold. #VotingForBernie 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces Haha!! Couldn't resist. 
😂😂😂. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Can Hydrogen Fuel the World's Fast-Growing Energy Needs? 
If paid $1 per viewer, I could probably buy them with my change container In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
MY LATEST STORY: A bankruptcy judge in New York has ordered the adoption of a student loan mediation program to help borrowers and lenders solve their disputes. via Bankruptcy 
Welcome to the the Alt-Right Bernie! Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
The company plans to use "federated learning" to access data it doesn’t own to identify promising drug compounds and help spot a rare gene mutation 
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal. 
"Democratic Gulags" 😂😂😂😂 
A sense of emptiness. A need to hide their true selves. Younger workers feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via 
@ReesusP Seems reasonable, based on this article about Jim Bakker &amp; Trump..... #sexforJesus 
@realDonaldTrump Let’s talk about the deficit that you tripled, sweetums: 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales via 
Funny! 
@RadioFreeTom Yes, fatso, save the country from 3.5% unemployment! It is just *awful* out there. 😂😂😂 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Russia, Hong Kong placing restrictions on travelers from China. The US CDC and State Dept raised travel warnings for Americans traveling to China. CDC says all “non-essential travel” to China should be postponed for the time being. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
reports: McConnell says Republican leaders don't currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak is breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
Blackstone’s CEO says there’s little doubt something ‘very profound’ appears to be happening. via #ESG 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign #Election2020 #Trump2020 
A unicorn is the only candidate that could beat Trump. Just where to find one... 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains has filed for bankruptcy after years of losses 
I know this is but this sounds EXACTLY like something Trumpturd addled #KellyanneConway WOULD actually say. 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' | 
PLOT TWIST on #ImpeachTheMF TV😵 Senate Majority Leader &amp; Kentucky Fried Chickensh*t #MitchMcConnell is SHOOK he ain't got enough votes to block fmr. Nat'l Security Advisor #JohnBolton from testifying original recipe for panic that's FINGER-LICKIN GOOD😤 
@alexkotch Finally escaped his puzzle box. 
Report: GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
“Probably bats are the origin from looking at the virus itself, and it got from bats into people in the wildlife market. This is absolutely déjà vu all over again from SARS.” 
I know this is the ..............but it's probably true. 
Bringing up his patriotism and his parents immigration history, @AlanDersh also tried to address #Constitutional law of #Impeachment. Alas, it did not work effectively😳 #Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via 
#Coronavirus Hits #HongKong as #Economy Reels From Protests Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS #illness #flu #china #cdc #trends 
Stay tuned for my forthcoming report for @OAS_official on Dismantling the Authoritarian-Corruption Nexus in #Venezuela. Free countries cannot outspend the nexus, so the winning strategy is to outsmart them. Great reporting ht @IanTalley et al in the . 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
PSEUDO-Gamut Alert: “The maker of every­thing from Post-it Notes to mo­lar crowns said Tues­day the cuts would be across its busi­nesses and would save the com­pany $110 mil­lion to $120 mil­lion a year..” So, what lies between Post-Its and molar crowns? 
: AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
Womp womp ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
#MondayMorning At least eight people were killed in a northern Alabama dock fire that destroyed at least 35 vessels via 
This weaponization of free speech has been distressing to many progressives not used to having to deal with alternative viewpoints. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Babylon Bee, genius. (But don't anyone tell the diligent fact-checkers at 
#Trump #ImpeachmentTrials Defense Day 3 #MoscowMitch tells his caucus he doesn't have the votes to prevent witnesses and documents 
Xilinx blamed a “perfect storm” of a slowdown in fifth-generation technology investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei Technologies. 
: Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Pretty much... 
So the #Democrats are telling everybody what they are going to do. 
Hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game #EconomicImpact #Miami #SuperBowl via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Cybersecurity Work’s Risks, Stressors Under Scrutiny #cybersecurity #business #bigdata #redteam via @knash99 
When the says it.... 
@MoveOn @BernieSanders Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
"For Airbnb, with an expected valuation north of $30 billion, this ethic will test whether Wall Street will reward behaviors that don’t pad the bottom line." @johndstoll 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
'Glory Cloud' Turns Out To Be Dangerous Gas Leak | 
@CillizzaCNN So this isn't satire: 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
@flowfocus Weren't leveraged #HedgeFunds bailed out by the #Fed #Repo operations and #NotQE? Given that #MoralHazard, of course they're going to leverage up even more. 🤦‍♀️ 
Asked by his friend where in the world he gets these crazy ideas, he replied, “My dad.” 
Funny … but clapping is not as simple as “2 and 4,” because sometimes (rarely) it actually is 1 and 3. And sometimes it is 3/4 time! Find the snare, people, and you cannot go wrong: the snare *is* the clap. 
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version 
I love the part where the doctor angry-emailed people when he didn't get a spot in the woodwind section. @ChipCutter on the ongoing tradition of company bands. 
Underwear-Clad Senators Line Up Before Congressional Doctor To Make Sure They Physically Fit For Impeachment 
#BigBanks in the U.S. face looser restrictions on investing their own money in venture capital funds under the latest plan to ease the #VolckerRule’s limits on speculative trading, according to people familiar with the matter. @amacker/ 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch going twice... 
There should also be a, “Man finds salvation from screaming man on street corner telling him he will burn in hell.” article. 
Horrified by 's use of the hashtag "#oboeyoudidnt" but thrilled to see ASO's inclusion in this piece on employee musical groups in tech: 
#BritishAirways said it had canceled all flights to mainland #China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread. #BanChinaFlights 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
The U.N enables Cuba’s slave doctors. Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG 
This article is more than 4 years old. It's way past time to end the insanity. 
@lordsoftheseth They literally turned her into an article 
@AliceAvizandum The classic 
The manufacturing conglomerate, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort. 
McConnell doesn't have the votes. Keep calling your Senators. 202-224-3121. 
Authorities Abandon Search For Missing Girl After Finding Huge Bass While Dredging Lake 
@CNN should report the truth instead of yelling at reporters who do. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Legalization is changing a ton of different things.... Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
FBI Agent Still Tasked With Following Noam Chomsky Around Prepares For Another Day In Local Panera 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@DiMartinoBooth And yet, in an era of low ‘inflation’ , #rent and #wages increase, resulting in businesses w/o high leverage unable to obtain bk loans because, ‘ too risky’ 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. vía 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 😡😡😡 NO THANK YOU, Deranged DemoKKKrats! -- The Sensible American People 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
#Europe's #Banking Regulator Paves the Way for Bank Mergers - #GoogleAlerts 
@angie_rasmussen Just like #BigPharma! 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Amazon &amp; Google use in-house music because they understand the power of music, yet they (along with Spotify) go to court to try to slash what they pay songwriters by 1/3. Just shameful. 
@realDonaldTrump @co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @agavecorn @Mooncatadams @concit1USA @Gallaecian #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC KARMA GOP Cannibalism Begins! As Planned, Buckle YOUR SeatBelts It's GOP vs Putin's PRETEND GOP 'Little Hands Gang' Popcorn Anyone? 
Finally, we may get some answers to eliminate doubt. Did Trump do it or not? Then based on witnesses and evidence, Senators can make an informed decision. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Just want to say that I appreciated all of @trippmickle’s classic rock references in his latest piece on Apple. You can’t always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you get what you need. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
just dropped a beauty on CNN! 
This is way too hilarious. 
Mom And Dad, I'm Gay And Also Stronger Than Both Of You, So Don't Try Any Shit 
Scientists: Climate Change Killed Us Years Ago And The Trump Presidency Is Some Sort Of 'Lost' Final Season Situation | 
“I often dip into these places where I feel the depths of sincerity while playing him,” says Penn Badgley of playing Joe Goldberg on "You." We talked to actor about how he became the biggest creep on TV. 
NEW: Nike says it sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise, clarifying that it didn’t remove the products or ask retailers to send them back. 
This chart from the is eye opening. 
To fight #coronavirus, Hong Kong netizens have been wanting a full border shutdown for days. Saying it isn't warranted now, the city's leader, however, responded Tuesday with a heavy cut-back on travels between China and Hong Kong. w/ @srussolillo 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting 
The Wall Street Journal () Tweeted: Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
Chickfila &gt; McDonalds via 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
"In the 1950s, a mink coat was seen as being the quintessential sign of wealth and aspiration"—but times have changed 
Bernie, Boomers and Earnest Young Socialists 
@kasie Didn't you say, looks like no witnesses according to your sources? You shouldn't listen to trump allies who play you time in &amp; time out. 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' CRAZY 
@MattMackowiak @zerohedge Yep, borrowed money is fun until it’s not 
@MovieKessler I now know what you mean. Needed that extra clarification. I agree with what you said. The fear of otherness is a big proponent of Lovecraft. My main problem with the statements made by the game is that it comes across like this article. 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
: The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a "terrain awareness" system that could have provided information about the mountainous area in which it crashed 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via @Nature 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
A short article on the Hale letters that includes several quotes! We do not recommend that anyone violate copyright. But it's hard to resist the sneak preview. 
No words necessary @SandhillsKen @SpecOpsSpeaks 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @tunkuv 
(took me a few seconds of reading to 'get it')🤣 
Some more here from @wsj about outperformance of #REITs &amp; other "bond proxies" in today's low-rate world. Would note this isn't a short-term thing tho. #SafeMoney strategies focused on higher-yield, lower-volatility sectors have trounced $SPX for 2 years 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
He was certainly sharing something with her. Let's just say he deposited more than money into her account. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
2020 is so weird and its only January 
Nobody should have to choose between food or working towards a better future 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
What CFOs from brick-and-mortar retailers can do to face their e-commerce rivals #CFO #disruption #digitaltransformation 
we have reached peak @ailworth! Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back—With a Vengeance - 
Media offers thoughts and prayers that someone would start some violence at gun rights rally. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
#TrumpTeam to Close Arguments, Seeking to Avoid #BoltonTestimony. But they Can't Avoid #BoltonBook. Smart Move? 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces how can you tell... 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Sen. Rick Scott is airing an ad in Iowa seeking to tarnish Joe Biden ahead of Monday's Democratic caucuses. Scott, an ally of Trump, accuses Dems of a "coverup" for Mr. Biden and his son, Hunter Biden. When it’s the #GOPCoverup of Trump. #OneVoice1 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Ok ex-convict boomer 
I don’t think that would help them at this point.🤷‍♀️ 
: 4170a446-ad0b-4412-a1c8-eb8a1b374856 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
Obfuscation will only magnify the strategic and economic effects. Virus will win. Public Health requires transparency. If no trust in that, why trust government in anything else? China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home - 
Raise your hand if you just made money on #coronovirus #daytrading 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set Parents cave in to kids’ relentless begging for Apple’s wireless white earbuds; schools ban them. All Jacob Mars wanted for Christmas was a pair of AirPods. Not the regular $159 model, AirPods Pro, He’s 11 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
McConnell says Republicans don’t have the votes to block impeachment trial witnesses, reports 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags | 
@gilmo51 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Some midcareer #doctors are willing to take a substantial pay cut to achieve better work-life balance. Results of a new survey reveal nearly half of Gen X #physicians surveyed felt burned out, citing administrative tasks as the main driver. 
@StormyDaniels Do tell. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
@JesseKellyDC @AKA_RealDirty Look at this one...👀👀 
5. Fact that the US govt is not aligned internally on a number of questions surrounding Huawei is hardly surprising given complexity of the issues. Note the disagreement between Commerce and the Pentagon on the ability of US firms to sell to Huawei. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor I love the Babylon Bee; sometimes their pieces are more like fact than fiction. 
McConnell must've learned to count by rearranging the deck chairs on the SS Trumpanic.#SenateCoverup #ImpeachmentTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments #RepublicansAreDestroyingAmerica 
Oh the whit! 
Babylon Bee continues to strike GOLD! Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Since Melania forbade him to trim their son.... Trump Orders National Christmas Tree Be Cut To One Inch Shorter Than He Is 
Believable! 
Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler via 
: 7a5971be-f36a-4345-8b27-a89e22646134 
⁦I’m not a fan of fur, but if you’re interested in recycled fur, @EcoGriffe⁩ in Quebec City is doing *cute* things with it! If you’ve inherited an unwanted family fur, consider having it made into a throw pillow or heirloom teddy bear. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial. ED: No, this is “fake news,” presented for your amusement. - 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
This is who NeverTrump would like us to elect. 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
@dewysmack @charliekirk11 Ah yes, “I got caught officer and gave back the money, we good?” 
Money Mondays: Any English Majors in the group? @SJWriters #SJWriters 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Globalist Nancy Plosive is a useless drunkard. She is attempting a deep state coup of president Trump. This is treason, she must be held accountable. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Fakes in the Warehouse; Micro Logistics Strategies; Apple’s Supplier Tactics: Today’s Top Supply Chain &amp; Logistics News via 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
Global housing downturn. Methinks London still a European bolt hole. 
⁦@GOP⁩ . . .and they still won’t vote to #ImpeachTheMotherFucker 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Even though this is "", it hits home. 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Top story: Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - see more 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
@CNN I think this could be a great way to fix your taking and embarrassing ratings 
The Pursuit of Excellence "VistaJet Founder and CEO, Thomas Flohr takes to the skies with Peter Fuda to discuss.....carbon pollution...well not really 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
: Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
"Bolton emerged from the icy polar waters to say he will testify as long as Congress provides ample supplies of cod and marine mollusks." 
Angela Merkel’s likely successor wants more defense spending and overseas deployments. 
LVMH results hit a new record high, capping a decade of uninterrupted revenue growth -- each year setting a new record. via 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - Go #Vegan #WuhanVirus 
@SenateGOP @SenJohnBarrasso Wall Street Journal reports that McConnell doesn't have the votes to block witnesses. 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #news #impeach #schiff 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ticktock 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
:D :D :D In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“Nobody believes these tolls are going to remain truck tolls,” said GOP Senate Minority Leader Len Fasano. 
“This won’t be a rubber stamp.” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will likely have to strike a deal on the North American trade pact with opposition parties. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
#MorganStanley News ⁦⁩ 
The NFL Loves Insiders. Andy Reid Is the Ultimate Outsider. The success of the Chiefs can be traced through their coach who has become the game’s foremost offensive mind because of a career spent soliciting and incorporating the best outside opinions 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
@MoveOn A true “mask off” moment, exposing Sanders’s goal—It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
#IAH and #Hobby Airport both place in the number 10 spot for best airport in their category in Wall Street Journal's annual airport rankings. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal #cndpoli 
Although a devoted student of history, AOC mistakenly believes Stalin's first name was "Harvey". 
Man Tries Using Pink 6-Pound Bowling Ball To Great Amusement 
First you laugh then you cry 
CommieCRats will probably claim the gun is probably racist and sexist and will reduce the percentage of taxes everyone has to pay. Bullet Point #1: They are fearful the gun will... 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns(yeah don’t say) 
@HillaryClinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For @TulsiGabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
MUSIC, MAKES THE PEOPLE COME TOGETHER 🎵 ___ #amazon #google #salesforce 
@LeaderHoyer @JECDems Don't forget to mention the spendthrift Republicans impulsive spending. 
YET...……. how many #Dems don't like a circus GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
My dog is smarter than your pastor. 
The rapid turn on Bolton, a fixture in conservative circles for decades, was a striking reminder of how officials have struggled to leave Trump administration posts unscathed. 
: f8d60eb6-ad43-4b78-a0ee-0fed5521262b 
The Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever | 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Open Borders, Affirmative Action, the Framers and the Neocons - The Wall Street Journal 
If you don't see that we're all MMT'ers now, you're just not paying attention. 
@AliceAvizandum also: Fuck Everything: We're Doing Five Blades 
“Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker”. Presumably in just the same way that #LiarJohnson learned about IT for Jennifer #Arcuri 
Navinder Singh Sarao made at least $12.8 million in illicit gains through his trading via 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
This one is a year old but new to me. #Klomentum 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via 
Opiate of the masses 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
i have an idea for 
Schiff Warns That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Strangest story lead I've seen in a while. 'Technology giants helped pump the West Coast full of choking traffic and expensive homes. Now they are trying to fix the damage.' 
Trump only wants immigrants allowed in whom he may want (to pay) for sex ... 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Q POST 3789 Link to Source Doc from Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) Correction will be needed: ALL SURV re: POTUS [hops] will be concluded that there was “insufficient predication to establish probable cause." Q 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister #art #humor 
“While you may be tempted to dive into the stock market now, the real test will be in the future when civilization as we know it collapses and the only currency will be strength, dominance, and a thirst for blood,” Love the 
I’ve got nothing against any of the good boys out there... But it should not be more lucrative to watch someone’s dog than it is to watch their child. 
"There is no OkCupid for people who need a work mate rather than a life mate, so it takes a little creativity and legwork to find a co-working buddy." ––Alexandra Samuel on how she found a work "spouse" while working solo. @wsj 
@BorgWarner to buy @delphitech in $3.3 billion deal - 
The  coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses - 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
I’ve been hoping that once 1, 2, 3 or more Senators stood for right instead of fearing public condemnation from the bully in the WH, more would find the strength to follow. Hope this is true. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Central Banks Need to Take Action on #ClimateChange, Report Says, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
From opinion: The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost #Coronavirus #China 
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via 
Very interesting perspective! via 
@ComfortablySmug Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money The clip Cruz is talking about. 
Deal would dissolve a decadelong relationship that has outlived its usefulness to both sides. 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
: After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
#Grocers offering online orders are testing automated micro-fulfillment systems that can fulfill 4000 orders per week while occupying little space 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. - an unspeakable tragedy 
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he… 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. by @ChipCutter 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus - 
Iron Workers Union Endorses Joe Biden via 
SEC Urges Better Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Aaaand just a day later... Here's your periodic reminder to not listen to the macro tourists or MSM with their proclivity to peddle the easy narrative... 
Praise Jesus! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
The Pan American Health Organization, or PAHO, another reason to gut the U.N. as it is aiding in human trafficking. @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Trump’s basically proposing a two state solution for Palestine and Israel. While I’m not necessarily pro Palestine in everything and always been proponent of two state, it’d feels really sad having to give up your land to invaders who’s been oppressing you 
So apparently @SenCoryGardner is more concerned with his own re-election than the Constitution he swore to uphold. Time to make some calls. His Denver office (303) 391-5777, DC (202) 224-5941 A real trial needs witnesses &amp; evidence via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Experts Find Leading Symptom Of Privilege Is Constant Griping About Privilege 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
#DitchMitch McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses - 
@RubinReport Growing up ilhan explains she taught to hate the Jews! 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally @TnBee 
#Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor #Israeli Goals. Detailed blueprint outlines how to resolve issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
As a former health minister of the impoverish Ethiopia which has poor access to healthcare and with a GDP per capita of about $1,000, WTO head Adhanom can be genuinely awed by the Chinese system and its efficiency. It's all relative #coronavirus 
“These cases highlight why OSTP’s Joint Committee on the Research Environment has taken a behavior-based approach to the challenges posed by foreign-government sponsored talent recruitment programs." - Dr. Kelvin Droegemeier, Director of @WHOSTP 
It’s simple math. 
"Republican leadership doesn’t currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses when the Senate votes later this week, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a private party meeting, according to people familiar with the discussions" 
@MailOnline We are not going to forget how #China was trying to cover this up in December. They arrested 8 people for spreading "rumour" about the virus. Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing was responsible for an initial lack of transparency. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Direct AND indirect monetization of patient data. This isn’t altogether bad...in fact, this can be very good for our healthcare system. 
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center. di 
Ohhhh. Is THAT what they're calling jizz these days? "The Gospel"? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Get your popcorn ready. 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
Nine in 10 #CXOs expect #climatechange to have a negative impact on their organizations per Deloitte’s #ReadinessReport. Read more in Risk. 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Measures to Contain Coronavirus Falter, Rattling Global Markets 
At a time of soul-searching for U.S. industrial conglomerates, United Technologies may be trying to do too much at the same time. 
Husband With Mild Cold Bids Farewell To Family From Deathbed 
As insurance firms adapt to maturing markets and economic turbulence, their growth depends on integrating technology and innovating business models. See our report at: via @DeloitteRiskFin #DeloitteFSI 
Horror has spread throughout the nation as the unthinkable has happened: A new, even deadlier successor to the AR-15 -- the AR-16 -- is now for sale. The gun is a lot like the destructive AR-15 but is even scarier, as it is wearing a red “Make... 
And it's up to him to stop it! Wonder if he wears a red coat around his house? 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Who remembers this headline and wants justice??? ⁦@JussieSmollett⁩ Police Say Smollett Faked Hate Crime Because He Was Dissatisfied With His Salary - 
“Senators @BernieSanders and @ewarren are both fighting for the change we need in our nation. They understand the needs of workers at UNITE HERE Local 11," - @ada_briceno, co-president Unite Here Local 11 Warren, Sanders Endorsed by @UNITEHERE11 via 
U.S. #Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat #Coronavirus with #HIV #drugs #China #Japan #US #SouthKorea #Canada #Australia #HongKong #Wuhan #Beijeng #UK #Malaysia #Singapore #LosAngeles #France #Thailand #Nepal #Vietnam #Taiwan #economy 
Interesting #China 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
"Since we at @CNN spend most of our time trying to help out @TheDemocrats and parroting progressive talking points, it's only fair that we even the odds by offering @realDonaldTrump free ammunition to ensure his reelection" said @DonLemon 
Ha ha ha “Many political commentators quickly condemned her remarks but have since turned up dead.” 
@brad_polumbo WADR, I feel like the really did it better back in 2001. 
‘He Is a Dictator’ No No No ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is Not Dictator The Ex President Zero wanted to become like Furer Thank to USA Founding Fathers Thank to US Constitution - 3 Branches Nd US Checks &amp; Balances Thank to GOP Majority Prevented this fiasco 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally What's really sad, is how true this actually is. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
“'As you address members of this deliberative body, please bear in mind that nothing you say or do will have any effect on the completely predetermined outcome of these proceedings,' said Roberts." 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. ข้อมูลจาก 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
@IlhanMN Yeah right... 
Quote “Ukraine never opened an inves­ti­ga­tion, the U.S. aid was de­liv­ered on time, and Mr. Trump met with Ukraine’s Pres­ident in New York. There was no crime, and Mr. Trump’s military sup­port for Ukraine con­tinues to be far more ro­bust than Oba­ma” 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@EmmaVigeland @waposean literally gets his takes from the . Such trash. Wapo lost credibility big time 
GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@Harvard needs to take a hard look at its priorities. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas 
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial. 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science - 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
If copper has a PhD in inflation, the good doctor is saying we should be worried about deflation. The Daily Shot: Fund Managers Stung by Commodities via 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Mitch McConnell has reportedly conceded in a private meeting with Senate Republicans that there are not enough votes to block the Senate from hearing witnesses in Trump’s impeachment trial. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
“Not since the 1980s have we seen supply this tight,” said Mark Fleming, an economist at First American Financial Corp. “That’s going to stay around in 2020 and the dynamic there will drive prices higher.” 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Proof that #JimBakker &amp; @JimBakkerShow are 💯% 🦇 💩crazy in this defense of the #womanizing #cheating #pornloving #whiny #crybaby #Narcissist ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #wtf 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Much simpler this way ! 
HAHAHA HEHEE HOHOH Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Shilpa Yarlagadda started her fine jewelry company, Shiffon, in her Harvard dorm room. It’s become a celebrity favorite and she’s using half of the profits to fund female-led companies around the world—and she hasn’t even graduated yet: 
It Only Tuesday 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@michaelbeatty3 @SallyM820 @AlanDersh @realDonaldTrump Come on, seriously?? Wake up Republicans. Trump and the GOP are puppets to the top billionaires in this country. 
I read this dumb as hell point-counterpoint in the ‘90s and still think about it every time I see, use, or think about humidifiers. 
Gastrobar operator Bar Louie plans to hand itself over to its lenders through a bankruptcy sale deal 
Satire...and yet so true!! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Experts Warn Global Outrage Levels May Reach Point Of No Return In 2020 
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   
PLEASE LET IT BE! 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Archaeologists Discover AR-15 Cain Used To Kill Abel 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
Oh shit, this sounds like it only happens in movies but here we are, catching people stealing/giving away research info/samples. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
When Dave Ramsey and the Babylon Bee come together, of course you know @HappyRantPod will be all over it. 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
A step up in dignity from what we have now. 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
News from the world of scary guns. 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 😂😂😂😂😂😂 
@alfranken You stole an election. You should have been in the monkey suit with the gorilla in Trading Places. Mischief in Minnesota? 
@SYFYWIRE Dissen gonna be bery messy! #BabyJarJar 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Village Inn, Bakers Square Restaurant Chains File for Bankruptcy: Family-friendly restaurant chains blamed chapter 11 filing on competition from newer and larger dining operators 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Sandra has shared content with you from MSN 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings | . I didn’t know John Bolton was an Evangelical leader. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
🚨 BREAKING from : *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
#MoscowMitchMcTreason tells Republikkkans they don't have the votes to avoid calling witnesses to #SenateTrial. No love lost between he &amp; #Trump. Political expediency. Was this was part of his plan? #AmericansDemandWitnesses #BoltonWillTestify #OneVoice1 
#Biden, #Burisma and the #Obama Administration Why didn’t White House lawyers manage the Ukraine conflict of interest? 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
⁦@Harvard⁩ Professor Charles Lieber allegedly lied to ⁦@DeptofDefense⁩, National Institutes of Health about #China government funding 
reports McConnell doesn't have votes to stop witnesses. Keep calling your senators! Text TRIAL to 21333 and reply with your zip code to be connected! #JohnBoltonMustTestify 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
: Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@kaitlancollins Get ready for arguments like this from .@RepDougCollins and his clown car. 
He was sharing the gospel alright.....but not about Jesus. I don’t care who you are, supporter or not, there is NO way you can believe this. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides ⁦⁩ 
This is excellent news! 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Be careful out there, folks. @ailworth @wsj #SuperBowl 
Head On Pike Really Pulling Together Castle’s Look 
A heady play. 
Drumpf Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES.... needed, 51 senators so, can't dismiss, can't block lying witnesses 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
So that means they're going to have to treat this like...an actual trial? The SOTU is going to be amazing this year. 
A recent study on #FASB’s new lease accounting rules could have impacted company stock returns, especially for the #retail industry. 
Even after Li Keqiang’s appointment, Xi continued to take top billing in official state media. On the state broadcaster’s main evening newscast Monday, Li’s visit to Wuhan was the third segment; Xi’s latest instructions on the outbreak were the lead item. 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys #freelance 
Hate Crime Hoaxes Are More Common Than You Think 
Opinion Journal: Comey’s Clinton Immunity Deals CORRUPTION AT WORK😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring #humor #feedly 
.@patrickmadrid Another #TacoTuesday blessing 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes #impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial @trevornoah @L8ShowColbert @GOPLeader @SpeakerPelosi @senatemajldr @mmpadellan @WhiteHouse @thehill @gtconway3d @jaketapper @AC360 @wolfblitzer 
@redobbinated @mmpadellan People have been saying this for months, you need to fact check before you respond like that He was dishonorably disch is not considered an unreliable source 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@RepLeeZeldin @JohnCornyn Former national security adviser John Bolton wrote in a draft of his forthcoming book that Mr. Trump told him in August that he wanted to freeze aid to Ukraine until the country aided investigations into Democrats, including the Bidens. 
Wha? Did she wack him on the butt w/a bible for :30sec? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
$ABBV $GILD AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
What an absolute shame what is going on in Venezuela. Russia is all over the place on this one. via 
Globalism and Global Interest is hurting Native Alaskans ! Goldman Sachs claims to value ‘stakeholder engagement’ but dropped Arctic drilling without consulting the native Alaskans who rely on it, writes Harry Brower Jr. 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses boltons book is inadmissable and the impeachment is unconstitutional nuff sed 
@sitcom201 @TicTocTick or perhaps mexico is acting like a wall... and paying for it.... 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Looming Treasury Bill Shortage Creates Problem for Fed, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
Ridiculous why is it so hard for so many parents to tell their kids "no" AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set via 
Oh, yeah... 🙄 He probably fell asleep in the middle of it (at about 5 seconds) and started reciting Revelation 13:1-18. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks #MAGA #TRUMP 
ok this is a new one 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election @cspanwj #Shampeachment 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
The Poison Squad, A PBS TV look at the group of human beings that food corporations used to test the dangers of food additives in the early 20th century via 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Not all business models are equal. This piece by @konradputzier in @wsj details the differences between tech and real-estate startups, including capital requirements and risk profile. 
Tragedy at the Virginia rally 
As fake news goes, this seems far more plausible than most of the crap coming out of the #Trump White House! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
This is needed right now. Bidens in Ukraine: An Explainer - 
Sure he was 
Interesting development 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
This article re Chief's Coach Reid's "outsider advantage" highlights the fact that it's unlikely for leaders to be distinctive while being conformist. 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He's Trying To Win Election 
@CullenYossarian In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis So, in not so many words, Gardner says: please don’t let the truth be confirmed by witnesses or a few of us will be at risk in 2020 elections! Who would want to vote for a scheming, cheating candidate anyway???❗️ 
Stocks Drop on Coronavirus Fears 
I can't stop laughing! 
@KimMurden1 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
😳THIS IS A MUST READ🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣oh shit! I.. can't🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣my sides 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣*wheezing*🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣I'm gonna pee my pants🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
This is the funniest shit that I have read in months. Any comedy writer in the country wold be proud to write this mesa. 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch. Sen. Loeffler says Romney just "wants to appease the left." 's @LindsayWise reports via 
It’s bigger news than a continent being on fire… British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread 
⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ - because even tRump needs a #usefulidiot 
For some odd reason... this sounds familiar. 
Your doctor still has a fax machine in 2020? Blame the lack of inter-operability among #EHR systems, forcing reliance on faxes, snail mail and hand-carrying paper, which the EHR was supposed to eliminate. From 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
@Markfry809 @Drewdferguson Jim Bakker isn’t a stand up guy to say the least...but this isn’t a true quote. is satire. @Markfry809 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
The manufacturing conglomerate, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
I KNEW IT ALL ALONG #delusional Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Feds have emails from the prof to underlings detailing his intent to lie to the FBI and to Harvard officials last year. Seriously, just because you're smart does NOT mean you're likely to outsmart federal investigators 🤦‍♂️ 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
'The Fed successfully flooded markets with cash late last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Winding down the program could become complicated if some market commentators are right that the moves have fueled a stock-market rally.' 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
: 0f44edd1-5415-433b-b5bc-0234650e8c07 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
I LOVE the BabylonBee.... 
So true... 
@LissaMarie630 @AgileApophenia @JJDemonic @verycosmic This has me worried. Can you tell me what you might have heard about this? 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Back on February 2nd 2011, Amr Bargisi, the best political mind Egypt has ever produced wrote this in "my country is doomed to either unbridled radicalism or continued repression" 
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen.” #AcquitTrump #DemsGotNothing 
@Cyndereller @TheRickWilson @pejesq @ajzeigler @realDonaldTrump The ISM manufacturing index in December registered its lowest level in over 10 years via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
I wonder what @greggutfeld and @FoxNews is going to do when @CNN #JimAcostaWho goes to this format - 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Sources: Harry Reid Sleeping With Mitch McConnell&amp;#39;s Wife In 1986 At Core Of Senate Gridlock 
@realDonaldTrump Quick to pull out Government Officials from Wuhan China, BUT the plane only seats 230 people, leaving 770 and will include diplomats from the U.S. consulate as well as Americans and their families. Those evacuated will be responsible for the cost. WOW!!! 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Breaking: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Jailed drug company founder Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an anti-parasite drug, the Federal Trade Commission and the New York attorney general allege in a new lawsuit 
Watch the Trump Impeachment Trial 
This is a good move by Gorsuch and Thomas. Liberal judges attempting to legislate from the bench are doing a disservice to this country. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Bus Transporting Carnival Cruise Passengers Crashes Into Sewage Treatment Plant 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. This needs to be fixed. 
Ok. Censorship is again the China answer. 
Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
CBS chief Joe Ianniello hasn’t yet decided whether to join Platinum Equity’s bid for Univision 
And if you believe this stand on your heads' Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
@jamiedupree Is it Russian campaign funds or just utter cowardice that keep them in line? 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
A Story like this restores Faith in the Youth of this Country~ In the Middle of #SocialistLeftists Spewing Hate Over &amp; Over &amp; Over &amp; Over ... Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Our nation's crassly discourteous youth. Accept it with a smile and stuff it in a closet, you ingrate brats. "The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects: Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, @USCBO says 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
New: Buttigieg’s campaign is dealing with some departures in the closing days before the Iowa caucuses, as its head of talent and two cybersecurity aides have left and some non-white staffers have shared concerns about a lack of inclusivity w/ @tparti 
Known liberal rag The Wall Street Journal *looks at notes* says that the GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial? 
@charliekirk11 🤣Schiff &amp; Dems are so ridiculous, their reality is like satire! 
The company taking a data-driven approach to preventing bribery and corruption isn’t part of the tech sector. In fact, its product predates the wheel. via 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit- #SAP 
“Almost half of the $1.5B in #Venezuelan crude exported to #India in the nine months after the U.S. #sanctions was purchased by an Indian joint venture with #Russia’s #oil giant, #Rosneft... India pays for the deliveries in #gasoline...” 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects Thanks #TrumpIsGuilty 
Scientists Abandon Search For Bill Nye's Credibility 
The crime: Mitt Romney, on the senate floor, with the chocolate milk. #impeachment "Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor" 
Wow. Just wow. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@ekc "Although detractors decry it as a brutal, bloody form of human cockfighting, aficionados know it is a brutal, bloody, totally fucking awesome form of human cockfighting" 
gotta start watching veggie tales again 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
It's not like it's that hard. Democrats are stupid people. 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
@banton1234 @EWErickson Sure - Link to article for the graphic: Link to original study: Take care. 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Meanwhile, #MoscowMitch and Republicans secured a sponsorship deal for the trial. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker I shit you not. 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump...: UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... (Second column, 15th story, link) --- Drudge Report Feed needs your support!   Become a Patron 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Bahaahaahahahah, I don't care what y'all think. That right there is funny. 
: Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
This is the best one yet, and this guy is serious? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Today it is a joke. Tomorrow?....:. 
Tyson Foods, Boeing, Slack: Stocks That Defined The Week 
@SenateGOP the Truth will set you free 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
Opinion: Senate Impeachment Trial Extends the Progressive Democrats' Agenda #video #news #klout 
Joe Biden talk about correction he did on Ukraine gov 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via 
🚨McConnell Can't Stop Witnesses Today But Has 2 Days To Pressure GOP🚨 💥KEEP CONTACTING - WITNESSES &amp; FAIR TRIAL💥      1-202-224-3121       FREE FAX text resist to 50409       Email #Resist #PostcardsToVoters #IDDEMS #idpol 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday: 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Make the ban permanent -for people, for wildlife. Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | ... if only this wasn't humor! :-p 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@selina3sticks The More You Know: 
@BobPattersonSJ is the true conservative in the race with lifelong liberal Jeff Van Drew. via 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable....well there ya’ go 
I wonder him many times #JimBakker has ‘shared the gospel’ with porn stars? #hypocrite 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Being outraged by stupid baseball nonsense must be the peak of national pastimage. #CardsTwitter 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
3-Year-Old Terror Miraculously Transforms Into Angelic Cherub As Soon As She Falls Asleep 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@Cog1018 @libertadorzn It's not a secret. PS - I have a policy of blocking hasbara trolls, so bye! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | I’ve never heard of anyone calling their dick the Gospel. 😄😄😄 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
MAGA! Trump! Trump! Trump! U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Progressives Admit They're Just Not Used To Killing People Who Might Fight Back 
WASHINGTON, D.C.—In his opening statement at Trump's impeachment trial, Rep. Adam Schiff reminded the Senate of their solemn duty and the gravity of just what it is they will be discussing at the trial. &lt;pretend satire&gt; 
@ZaslowShow Zas I think you may like this article 
@rob0349 @immerresistdjt On top of that he is leaving over 700 Americans in Wuhan China as the plane only had room for 250 and those people have to pay back the government more than double what it would cost for a commercial air flight! 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Leadership @akk regarding the role of Germany and @cdu: „We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.” 
We'll take it... 
Natural-Gas Prices Fall Below $2 
Thank goodness Schiff is on it. 
Simple solution. 👍 "I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.” 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@Acosta Giuliani only need a million rubles. 
: Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
markets: Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 are seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest projection since third-quarter 2017 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@AllenTraylor4 @Xenos_on_ice @RepRatcliffe @GOP Actually, I was talking about the farms. Trump’s tariffs and trade wars have decimated small farms and have allowed Russian agriculture to take the market share the USA used to have. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
... breaking from @wsj: mcconnell says he does not have the votes to block witnesses. 
Why isn't this what we, as voters, are talking about and questioning candidates about? 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal via 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
@RepMikeJohnson @JudiciaryGOP If you are a conservative then you CAN NOT VOTE REPUBLICAN. This is NOT a conservative administration... it is a #TrumpCrimeSpree. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@MoveOn Move on needs to just Move the F on. You are a bunch of Woke cancel culture hacks. said it perfectly with this article. 
#ImpeachmentHearings Carry on America 🇺🇸 Carry on Life 🥰 is good The economy 💵 is good Tacos 🌮🌮 are good 
In big dairy bankruptcy news... 
@CNBC Disney has been a great partner with #China. We must remember how the communist party was covering up the news in december and even arrested 8 people for spreading news about the #coronavirus. 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
Ninety-three pastors have come and gone since First Baptist Church of Peotone opened its doors 86 years ago, but one thing has remained unchanged—the flower arrangement on the pedestal next to the piano in the church's sanctuary. 
#Behavioural NYC transportation watchers say the MTA is being slow and secretive in setting up a panel to determine tolls for the impending congestion charge on drivers via 
4 Copy Editors Killed In Ongoing AP Style, Chicago Manual Gang Violence 
Relating question: Do #underarmour's Tech #Acquisitions help it to move from a clothing company to a #tech company? 
The Mideast peace blueprint released by the Trump administration prescribes a specific series of actions both Israelis and Palestinians must take. Here are the main points of the plan: 
Southland’s bankruptcy would be a setback for the company’s chairman, veteran oilman Bob Simpson. Story by @LHVGarcia 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' | ‼️I do agree, you’ve exposed the hypocrisy of the Leadership~ 😰 
Top story: U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - see more 
South Korea’s Military Discharges Its First Transgender Soldier - 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws $MSFT $AAPL $GOOG $FB 
@kdswolfhead You mean like this: 
I don’t want to hear about Trump’s version of spreading the good news. 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
John Bolton, the former Trump national-security adviser, has unsettled his own Republican friends, who must decide whether he will play a potentially crucial role in the impeachment trial of President Trump by providing testimony 
Looks like the Demoncrats have at least 4 RINO Republican Senators willing to vote their way on impeachment issues. Mitt Romney will def be one along with Collins and Murkowski. 
Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute via 
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. 
A little too close to the truth, @GOP. 
Some senators say the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging 
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version 
Oops! Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
"No Palestinian officials attended the event but the ambassadors of Oman, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates were in attendance." 
Impeachment Inquiry Canceled After 5 Episodes Due To Low Ratings | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Classic Televangelist Lies. Why aren't these guys nominated for Oscars? #religion #Christianity 
@ishirubi Lolz...agreed. 
Number troops injured in Iran missile attack now at 50 after President Trump originally said no one was hurt, later played down severity of injuries, @nancyayoussef reports 
#oboeyoudidnt, best hashtag i'm going to see all day. music is good for you. 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters 
#recession ... China #Banks #Bubble edition A #Financial #Contagion shockwave may emanate from China faster than the #coronavirus... As a reminder, the Spanish Flu triggered a #global #macroeconomic #depression in which US #GDP per capita crashed by 12%! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
OMG. 🤣🤣 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
J.Crew has hired former Victoria’s Secret executive Jan Singer as its next CEO, according to people familiar with the situation 
Ocasio-Cortez Desperately Trying To Make Math On Universal Healthcare Add Up While Punching Numbers Into A Potato 
Gone are the days when new hires spent years learning the ropes before being handed important work. The Class of 2019 will be thrown right into the fray. #LiberalArts 
@caulfieldj600 @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Here is the truth!!!! 
Man! What is wrong with @TheDemocrats?! They are now advocating for ending elections altogether?! 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Meanwhile on the academin front: via 
So, let me get this straight. @RealDonaldTrump was using semen to spread the gospel? Lordy, there's semen. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Is China hiding the true #coronavirus mortality? Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally. 🤔 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
this is who is running Treasury under Trump 
LOVE the Babylon Bee! 
Dropping lke bats. 
@Doc_0 The reason the Guardian Council sends their flying monkeys (aka the media) after so often isn't because they're fake news, but because they're actually not. 
.@kslaw partner Sarah Borders explained to Pro Bankruptcy why the number of #restructurings of U.S. companies completed last year jumped compared to 2018. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Oh no! We take my mother-in-law to Baker’s Square regularly. Would hate to see the location near us shut down. 
What the House managers argued -- on the Zelensky call, obstruction, witnesses and more -- and how the Trump legal team responded by @rebeccaballhaus 
: 177a35de-ff63-4fc1-b2f9-9a536eaa05b4 
@realDonaldTrump Wrong! Since you don't usually pay your bills, you may not be aware of it, but all debts come due. Stop putting our country so deep into debt. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
[SNOWFLAKE ALERT: SATIRE. READ AT YOUR OWN RISK] Grave Risk that American voters may steal the election from Democrat central planners. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Watch the Trump Impeachment Trial 
In the face of strident US opposition, #Huawei will have a limited role in the development of UK's #5G infrastructure by builiding noncritical equipment. For further analysis please read our #EconoGraphic : 
Better late than never. New Jersey just figured out that if you give an agency a % for ever incentive they give out, they have the incentive to give out a lot of incentives. via 
: 6f8df88b-3942-4058-a844-7382f06b4cff 
: d8945335-29ed-4be9-b434-bd5dc65f010b 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@BernieSis1 @vetthebern Well the establishment did invent the necessity with the ridiculous Impeachment that will tie him up from the campaign trail with him needing the jet to get the Iowa campaigning done while we wait for the Republican Acquittal to occur... 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
@Santucci Why couldn’t he just have used some of the holy semen and taken care of it himself? 
Are even trumpers stupid enough to believe this? 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. via 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
@RepAdamSchiff says American people are gonna tamper with the 2020 election. 
Harvard chemistry chair Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
John Kerry On Possible 2020 Run: ‘I Won’t Rule Out Another Dramatic And Humiliating Loss’ | 
US charges Harvard’s Chemistry Chair with lying to multiple government agencies about funding from China. 
Nothing definitive, but one worked worked from 1996-2000 at Progressive "which last year took a $156.1 million charge." Ted, it seems to me, became $BRK 's presumptive CIO Monday morning, December 23, 2019: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
New Study Confirms All Your Opinions Are Correct | 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
UnFrickin' Believable! Who believes this garbage? Are there really people who are that stupidly gullible? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
As Adam Schiff gave his opening arguments in Trump's impeachment trial yesterday, stunned witnesses claim a huge plank suddenly appeared protruding from his left eye socket. . 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@nytimes @RFI_TradCn Chinese Conglomerate’s Debt Crisis Deepens; Bonds Plunge China Minsheng Investment Group’s looming default marks one of the biggest Chinese defaults on a U.S. dollar bond this year 2019.7.20 
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore 
If Elizabeth Warren is going to forgive student debt, this voter wants a tuition refund. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects If only there was a party that was fiscally prudent and concerned about cost control.... Too bad #Trumpublicans spend like Democrats these days. Where are our fiscal hawks??? 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@bibliophile68 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right Knowing AOC, I can’t say the article is off base. 🧐 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
That explains it. Well Jim Bakker does know a little about sharing the gospel with a porn store. 😆 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
How did this person get elected? 
Rupert Mudoch's is not exactly liberal media. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The Democrats are so dumb. They’re about to shoot down their own candidate. Bring on Hunter and Joe. What’s the next move President Trump is gonna make the Democrats do on his behalf? 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #Trump #impeachment #tacotuesday #babylonbee #satire 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election you mean vote? 
The Education of Raul Velez 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating #art #joke 
As #debt in Sub-Saharan Africa approaches 50% of GDP, “what worries me is whether or not we’ve put these countries into a new kind of debt problem,” Deputy Chief Economist @elinaribakova tells @Annaisaac 
What kinda fucking maniac uses a knife to gut an avacado? Probably BCE or some shit. 
Reposting this as a reminder to stay humble 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #GovernorBlackface 
New Two-String, Five-Fret Design Introduced For Church Bassists 
@HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge 
Hysterical editorial and makes me think twice about reading the journal. “Trump changed his mind about the aid?” You forgot to mention AFTER HE GOT CAUGHT AND CONGRESS WAS INVESTIGATING. Paid propaganda? 
It's like your articles compete with each other. 
BREAKING: Televangelist Jim Bakker refers to trump’s penis as “the gospel” 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Riiight. Just like 'ol Jim shared it with Jessica Hahn. OTOH, he needs to keep gulling the bible-thumping suckers till he drops in order to work off Tammy Faye's gigantic mascara tab. 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
I still prefer baseball... 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton's Credibility - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @MichaelCBender 
Our current for-profit health care system puts everyone at risk. #MedicareForAll would reduce the spread of any sickness because everyone would have the care they need, when they need it. #coronavirus 
@johncardillo Looks like a few CONservatives grew some spine and showed up for THE CONSTITUTION. 
The crisis we're not talking about: the current admin is both cutting taxes and increasing spending, digging us into a rather deep hole. #nationaldebt 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Xi Jinping's move to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus response turns a rare spotlight on Li Keqiang, once seen as a force for liberalization until he was sidelined. Xi could insulate himself from public anger by making Li take the blame. @JNBPage 
"Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean" 
: Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
#debtclock #usdeficit #beltway bandits 
Archaeologists Discover AR-15 Cain Used To Kill Abel 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally #TornadoTrump 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Sources say it didn’t go well as no praising the lord or shouts of oh god were heard during the “meeting” 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Not enough votes to block witnesses? 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Good news. President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Personally, I think all cruises should be cancelled in general. For like, ever. 🤮 Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages reports ⁦⁩ 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
New from me: the growing coronavirus outbreak will test investors' faith in bets that the global economy will pick up this year. 
"It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
46. Billionaires Try to Shrink World’s Population, Report Says 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects .... so who is going to pay for all of this. ... @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
#Netflix Introduces New 'Skip Terrible Season' Button 
@El__Bohemio It's about to change. 🤣🤣 
Carlson warned that the gun was probably racist and sexist and that he wouldn’t be surprised if it was also rude to women. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
There are always some Brits on charter flights, especially on the return leg walking around with bare feet and displaying their fat/ugly barely covered bodies, some even going bare foot in to the toilet. 
When President Gas Light brags about the economy, taking credit for 11 years of expansion, you want to also factor in his deficit, the largest since World War II 
From Discover on Google 
"Customers would also be responsible for paying a monthly activation fee to cover any nutritional needs." 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
‘Racism Is Bad,’ Says White Woman Who Oversees Systematic Annihilation Of Minorities 
way overpaid, just saying 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
President Trump Says Future Palestinian State Depends on a ‘Firm Rejection of Terrorism’. I applaud his and PM Netanyahu’s efforts but I don’t see the Iranians keeping their influence via Shia militants out of Palestine. #alpolitics #AL01 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
NEW: Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Is Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
British Airways cancels all flights to China as the deadly #WuhanCoronavirus spreads. It says the flights to Hong Kong, where the city’s leader refuses to close all border checkpoints with China to control outbreak, will continue. 
Report: Economy Must Be Doing Pretty Well If Entire Season Of ‘Bones’ Online For Free 
A California couple whose solar company counted Berkshire Hathaway as an investor pleaded guilty to running a $900 million Ponzi scheme via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early! 
Televangelist Jim Bakker said that he had “confirmed that Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ.” Spreading political lies should revoke his tax exemptions. 
Since intentions always equal results, this is fabulous news. 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid 
NCAA Determines Becoming A Bengal Punishment Enough For Joe Burrow Taking Cash From Odell Beckham #SmartNews 
It's funny when writes stuff that is not in any way a joke. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
@realDailyWire yep. And that trend will continue unless ANY one of the Dem candidates are elected. 
As the Democrats fight to destroy America, Iraqi fights for their freedom. Iraqis Head to Streets After Security Forces Move to Quash Protests 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Will Canada follow UK, as it often does with Huawei? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Much love to the Bee 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Babylon Bee is regularly hilarious. “Warren claims Bernie also told her that he hates puppies, beer, Dolly Parton, and that on the day he became president he would outlaw french fries. "He told me, people who eat french fries are vermin," she told... 
@JoeBiden @adamschiff Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@Graenni @MikedoyleDoylem demons... lol 
» Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments | 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Caveat Lector. quotes Murkowski, Toomey, and White House "concerns" about Toomey (PA), Portman (OH) [both up only in 2022]. seems to have a sense of what might happen during GOP Senators' question hour as well as other internal deliberations. 
Warren%2520Rejects%2520Peace%2520Pipe%2520Offered%2520By%2520Sanders 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding, @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe report: 
Underwear-Clad Senators Line Up Before Congressional Doctor To Make Sure They Physically Fit For Impeachment 
Green-Bond Trading Is Going Electronic - Wall Street Journal 
: MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
@CNNNewsource Stop stealing headlines from the Babylon Bee! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Commodity prices slump on coronavirus fears 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus $SPY $QQQ $DIA 
Remember this is satire. Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
i think we can all read between the lines here: a Harvard professor acting as a US spy, ala Jack Ryan, weaponized the coronavirus, ala I Am Legend, and is now being abandoned by the current administration, ala Bourne Identity. it's only Tuesday y'all. 
The chart on website version showing job growth vs housing growth by city is great. Mobile app not showing it for some reason. Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
And THERE IT IS! 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Which reminds me of this gem: 
Business-software maker SAP raised its earnings outlook as strong growth in cloud-based software drove a 22% increase in fourth-quarter profit, beating analysts’ estimates. 
: 4fe1a8ee-9a02-41d7-af82-1ee4b5be998a 
This is funny y'all! Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Volpone, or @senatemajldr By @wjmcgurn via 
Honestly would buy. 
@KFILE me rn 
Avg property tax bill in US ~$3,500, w many residents in #NewYork, #NewJersey, #Connecticut &amp; #California well over $10,000/year. So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It. New tax law benefiting Miami real estate 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
WELL DESERVED!!! 
@CNN @MaddowBlog @maddow Racial may have a mind blowing experience reading this. And I think it may not even be fake news, LMAO!! 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call for new laws 
Opinion: The Democrat's Impeachment Case Could Set Dangerous Precedents 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
?Well, I Could Do That? Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break - #securityguard 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | which might well be irony comedy or fake but is nonetheless a marvelous and fitting defense 
» Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects #usd #fed 
😂😂😂 Study Finds 68% Of Americans Unprepared For Sudden Financial Stability 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
😂MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Remember when the did weird shit like Lake Dredge Appraisal and not this, which is about one step from screaming and never stopping: 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent via 
@emilyngo @NBCNews Reminds me of this article. 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
@JBP3666 @MissyJo79 @jessjackie50 @RickWestergard @FreeLion7 @BluehandArea @walkawayAUS @BriteEyes8 @FoundinNV @marylene58 @butterf28263304 @Tappy_95 @Wesleyk66198993 @MsSpy007 @slocke375 @AmericanRising @Pcnw45Mike @martuk56 @RealBluehand @GOP @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump @TheDemocrats @nfulmer0827 @VP @anthonymentill4 @RynoOnAir @OANN @JudgeJeanine @marklevinshow @GovMikeHuckabee @DonnaWR8 @TomFitton @TheJusticeDept From a leader in fake news! 
#SchifftySchiff Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Coronavirus Is No Small Threat to Travel Stocks - by @jonsindreu 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
: 10a2a5b3-368f-48d9-b98b-4ef671aa5bf1 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
SATIRE 😏 CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
“China is becoming more discriminating about what they want to get,” said John Demers, who runs the Justice Department’s national-security division. “Intelligence officers are increasingly getting tasked with getting missing pieces of research. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
CARD COUNTING: explosive @wsj scoop @rebeccaballhaus @lindsaywise @nataliewsj GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Some senators HOPE the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging 
High brow satire that is so subtle it appears low brow. Too subtle. I was disappointed the first time I read it because it was just mean. This is meant to poke fun at those who make fun of AOC, but that’s not how most people will interpret this. 
@brianstelter @sbg1 @oliverdarcy @JohnAvlon @SalenaZito @MZanona @lyzl @CNN "We've long admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly, and we're thrilled to have them under 's umbrella," said CEO Seth Dillon 👇 
“The sen­ti­ment that gov­ern­ment de­ci­sions are be­ing held be­hind closed doors isn’t go­ing to sup­port pub­lic con­fi­dence.” 
From opinion: Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
McConnell days GOP doesn’t have votes to block impeachment witnesses 
At $130,000 per romantic “gospel episode” Trump is paying upwards of $260,000 per minute to “preach”. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
AbbVie and Johnson &amp; Johnson are among the companies that have started shipping drugs approved to treat HIV, answering Chinese authorities’ calls to test potential treatments for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. 
@FsharpAsharp @FlowState_Photo @ChicagoCouncil Here's the first national article about the conversation: 
Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations Bolton’s claim goes to heart of the Dems’ impeachment inquiry &amp; contradicts WH stance about decision to hold Ukraine military aid But Bolton can’t testify about talks w Prez! 
Crazy story - Head of Harvard's chemistry department was arrested for concealing taking funding from the Chinese. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@CNN 😱 “It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies &amp; demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump. We saw hints of this in 2016...” 
An explanation of the Spannel child, perhaps? #giantbaby 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
#Iran's leadership works to heal rifts @GlobalCRL 
Renault Looks to Former VW Executive for Turnaround After Ghosn Crisis - 
TBH I think in this case, Wuhan/Hunei’s response =/= Beijing’s response. 
@realDonaldTrump Dear #LiarInChief, remember this?; “The White House directed the officials not to testify, arguing that congressional subpoenas for their depositions were invalid...” #coverup #AdderallTrump 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Source : 
Update: #Democrat'ic Congressman #SethMoulton who ended his own short-lived presidential campaign last August, formally endorsed #JoeBiden's 2020 White House bid 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Also, his unconsitent support for immigration reform, voting down a bill in ‘07 that would have legalize millions on immigrants in the US. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Wow. This is amazing, and heart wrenching. "The next morning, she awoke to the suffocating smell of burned human bodies. 'We’re burning your parents now,' a soldier told the prisoners." 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
"#PeteButtigieg was reportedly trapped in a walk-in freezer Thursday after searching an Iowa diner for its back room with high-rolling donors," the is 'reporting.' #MayoPete #WineCavePete #WallStreetPete 
won 2020 already 😂 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
No longer fiction. 
Because that will make things better... #coronavirus #virus #science #Healthcare #Health #worldhealth #China #Wuhan #wuhanvirus #America From Discover on Google 
“Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, according to a Congressional Budget Office report released on Tuesday.” 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Master Shake has shared content with you from MSN ha ha. #Trump 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
RINO's raising their Godless, evil, backstabbing heads. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
Fuckin' A 
Who is this guy? 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Romney and Bolton should get together and console themselves and trade notes on how they can get back at Trump for humiliating and rejecting them. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit Ha! 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
U.S. Companies Fuel Europe’s Green-Energy Push #MSFTAdvocate 
@realDonaldTrump Randy Perkins donated $500,000 to America First Action, a pro-Trump super PAC. The same PAC was dubbed “Committee 1” in a federal indictment alleging illegal donations from two Rudy Giuliani associates. 
Thing is that, despite the fact this ad is made with no good intentions, it still lands. This is how weak Biden's candidacy is. 
International collaboration is essential to much research. But appropriate transparency and disclosure can be critical. Scientists are often unaware of legal issues. 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Sanders Looks Beyond Iowa With Ads in California and Texas 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus #WhatDoYouThink? 
Looks like the Groundhog saw his shadow which means 6 more weeks of Impeachment. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' If only the founders were as smart as me. 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
@resonantarc @CasenSperry @NightSkyPrince_ @StoopLeonhart I wouldn’t be surprised if we were to find out that this is how bad the management at Square Enix actually is. LOL 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
“It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 😂 the has been resembling reality so much this past year. 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
@slooterman Hugely important to make a unique comment but has a long way to go to be a record (see net neutrality) 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
@stellas2ndact This, but the gender swapped. 
: b5401602-1260-48be-925b-22426b77d407 
@allantercalivre Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
It's not hawkish, it's the only one that makes sense right now: #Germany Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030. Sustained federal budget deficits &amp; debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, CBO projected, following multiple rounds of tax cuts &amp; continued increased federal spending. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
@RepAdamSchiff Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
markets: The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
MotherJones.com-7/2/12: Romney Invested in Medical-Waste Firm That Disposed of Aborted Fetuses, (and supported Roe Vs Wade) Stericycle Inc: #EpsteinAssociates #c2cRino #c2cStericycle #c2cFetus #c2cPP #c2cCrematorium #c2cRoeVsWade 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Excited to follow the evolution and growth of ⁦@sparkbeyond! —&gt; SparkBeyond⁩ Says Its AI Can Autonomously Tackle Business Problems, by ⁦⁩ #ai #patterns #insights #startupnation #israel 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
#Israeli Prime Minister and His Political Rival to Meet With #Trump on Peace Plan. Benny Gantz said he would meet with Trump separately from Prime Minister Netanyahu, in a move to cultivate constructive ties with the U.S. president 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Says th guy dragged from under his desk by Federal Marshals, crying hysterically. 
I'll believe it when I see it 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
Satire at its finest... 😂😂😂 
🐝🐝🐝😂😂😂Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Stocks Are on Course for Biggest Move Since October: 
If accurate, this is ridiculous...did they listen to Pres defense team? Do they realize what they are doing? @GOP @senatemajldr GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
.@GoogleHealth &amp; @DeepMindAI created a #AI model helping doctors spot breast cancer - currently affecting “1 in 8 women in the U.S.” According to @AmericanCancer. @babbott42 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, as senior US officials say risk here remains low. via 
As anticipated: Stocks fell as concerns rise about #nCoV2019 containment and potential economic impact. #coronavirus. 
@JesusMetal1689 @FoundersMin @NeilShenvi @clbolt JD Greear reminds me of this article. 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe, thinks Germany’s Defence Minister. Angela Merkel’s likely successor wants more defense spending and overseas deployments. #geopolitics #security 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. He should know, Jim got caught in a motel room with Jessica Hahn “sharing his gospel” 😳 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Volkswagen Warns Auto Industry Downturn Is Worsening 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Heard on the Street: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. via 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism 
Abolish Asia's 'Wet Markets,' Where Pandemics Breed 
“Grow­ing up, Mr. Castillo tried to hide his sta­tus by per­fect­ing his Eng­lish.” I can relate. Sometimes, I feel othered when people comment on my slight accent in English, or when I find myself developing an accent in Spanish. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
As more and more state attorneys general come together to discuss the implications of big tech’s anti-competitive practices, it’s clear that regulating companies like @amazon becoming increasingly important to Americans. 
Here's a race to the bottom we can all get behind via 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed 
Here’s a mind blowing prediction: “Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective.” 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
There's millie-mouth moscow mitch!!! I hope how soon I never have see his lying face ever again! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Did the Babylon Bee also buy CNN’s Covington HS lawsuit for malfeasance and incompetence 
The Wall Street Journal ✔ Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
Woops! 
This article has some great insight on what it's like to live with a 'just starting out salary'. 
Iit's satire, rght? Wth #shiff, it' hard to tell. 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns 
Satire Tweet #2 () "Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial" 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
I will take all the vintage fur coats. Mail them to me. via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
I saw these very same people on TV the other night, I didn't leave on for very long. 
“NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the alliance’s mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for them to do more in the Middle East, officials said.” 
Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back - With a Vengeance 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
uh, Caltrain would like a word 
@mvbrat91 I figure it’ll be she faked her death but if she’s actually dead ugh. Speaking of, did you ever see this hysterically funny bit that’s JUST perfect: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
» Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
@ChuckProphet Reminds me of one of the best stories ever in 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
an old copy of MLK "I have a Dream Speech," has been found and it may shed light on TIME TRAVEL and the existence thereof. 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. Even in a quorum as biased as the Senate having an acquittal without witnesses can't be justified 
Sharing a Leadership perspective from our own CEO @dhelfrich21. Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
markets: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@jaymarriotti @michael_loomer @bacchaus351 @FlyStatement @S_a_r_a_h_____ @Thomas1774Paine @FluffsterP @realDonaldTrump @DilleyShow California's Top 1% pays almost half of the State's income tax. Wealthy &amp; businesses are leaving. The same is happening with New Yorkers. 
Trump Plan Breaks the Mold in Mideast Peace Efforts 
“It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies... I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Witnesses! 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
@billfirn06 @Electra661 No fan of Schiff, however these Schiff quotes are not factual. They were taken from a satire article written on the (dated 1/23/20) 
Receipts 
Social media has taken over the everyday life of people, most importantly adolescence. No matter how consuming the content is online, there are teenagers who are sensible enough to stay off the internet when needed to. #csulb104 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing A Semen sermon With That Porn Star,' Mock cries Jim Bakker Bakkker is an evil liar and a false prophet. 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure - “The near-collapse of the nuclear deal and growing threats from the U.S. have vindicated Supreme Leader’s narrative that Washington could not be trusted,”said Hossein Mousavian 
Harvard's Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Federal #antitrust regulators are probing a possible deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., the bankrupt milk-processing giant, as the dairy industry realigns after decades of declining milk consumption. 
Nope, he's not joking -- Baker's in tears when explaining how trump is a saint. You must read this absurd piece. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@cnni Read the article; this isn't true: Trump hasn't challenged the facts around what happened in his phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky last year. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Global Stocks Slide on Coronavirus Fears 
: e3e5876b-274d-46fa-bbfd-5cbd9bdbb1c4 
In a major deal the #BabylonBee has agreed to purchase complete satire site - #CNN......rolling :) #SundayThoughts #SundayMotivation #ImpeachmentHearings 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis. 
@BrianKarem The Russians hacked Burisma so if there is any dirt we would have seen it by now. #GOPTraitors #RightMatters 
Epstein didn’t love her enough... obviously, neither did her parents. What a monster👇🏽🤮 
A more dangerous EBR...eeeeeek! 
😂😂😂 Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache | 
@sonuntoxo same 
Shakespeare Says 'Lets Kill All the Lawyers,' but Some Attorneys Object - 
State Department will issue rules restricting U.S. travel for pregnant foreigners, a move the Trump administration wants to crack down on what it calls ‘birth tourism’ via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content #SmartNews 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
BREAKING: 
@KLKnightlight @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Here's a story I wrote more than four years ago: 
Those impeaching Jews, Schiff, Nadler and Schumer, are only too aware of the dangers that threaten corruption through democracy at the ballot box. 
From : 5G continues to be a hefty investment for #telecom companies with no clear winner in sight. Why bet on winners and losers? $SRVR - Mission critical assets powering #5G and #cloud 
Patrick Mahomes’s presence in this Super Bowl is a crowning moment for this philosophy that was once persistently assailed by critics who said it would never work at the highest level of football. 
@CillizzaCNN could host 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
One phone company targeted today, operating out of a residence with minimal equipment, in 23 days connected 720 MILLION ROBOCALLS mostly from India. Here’s a pic breaking down one week of calls state by state 
The #coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
“Our infrastructure was not designed to rehabilitate. It was designed to warehouse,” says the head of Alabama’s troubled prison system. “We’re trying to update that.” 
#GreatEconomy 🙁 The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong AirPod, App Sales - #apple 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter via 
In December, reported that the FTC is addressing #antitrust concerns related to how Facebook’s apps interact: We learned recently via @ABAesq that tech companies are likely to be further scrutinized. Read more: #anticompetition 
@OptimusForPrez @NicholasNieblas @gaiabiz @HouseGOP @RepAdamSchiff Really? Are you sure you really want to do that?! Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
good morning 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
It's not just Christians failing to have kids either. 
@emilyngo @NBCNews Experts? MSNBC hates Yang and Lol this is you 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
@TRUMPSUSAMAGA Cato Institute is liberal? They are a liberatrian think tank? Forbes is liberal? Steve Forbed Republican. That's remarkably unaware of you. Considering you haven't linked one article denying the growing economy Trump inherited is not surprising. 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
The Internet of Things Is Changing the World - “As a result, a series of unresolved arguments about ownership, data, surveillance, competition and security will spill over from the virtual world into the real one.” #IoT #Cyber #5G 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Targets Credibility... 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. via 
Prosecutors Have Evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via 
Local government are thinking about charging a fee for getting a tax abatement. The fee would be a % of the incentive and would fund the economic development agency. What could go wrong? New Jersey, take it from here. 
@SenSanders Oh man, that sucks. 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.支持👌 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD// Estará listo México??? 
Sounds plausible, actually. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Hearing the news that Emilio is coming back for a Mighty Ducks series is the perfect excuse to break out this all-timer from 
Beautiful 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
The Taliban appear to have received anti-aircraft missiles. They claimed that they had dropped down a U.S. surveillance craft in Ghazni of Afghanistan, but U.S. defense official says there was no indication Monday’s crash was caused by enemy fire. 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe 
Gloria from @ModernFam had something like this and called it her "escape bag." FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. ⁦@mattdemichiel⁩ 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hermès is leaping into makeup. For now, there is only lipstick, for $67, with refills for $42. It comes in 24 colors (plus three additional options every season, for $72 each) and two different textures. 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines - 
NEW from ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ ⁦@nataliewsj⁩: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
The top trends and moments you need to know from the men’s fall fashion shows in Europe 
The maker of Post-It Notes says the job cuts are likely to help it save $120 million a year. 
I'll believe it when I see it. 
@kevankharris :“Elite fragmentation collapses states; social movements don’t" 
@krazyheartss @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030 (up from 81% now), CBO projects by @RichardRubinDC 
@thehill GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
This is ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ legacy... Bankrupting America for generations and then using the debt to cut Social Security, Medicare and other social programs. #TrumpIsANationalSecurityThreat 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Here we go. #RealOrThe 
@jpaula58 @ray2272 @kasie @AdamSchiff Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan - 
Our #library serves grad students too! Here's this morning's recommended read: article by @lesliebrody explores new @bankstreetedu report “Investing in the Birth-to-Three Workforce” #LearningStartsAtBirth @CarnegieCorp 
Something to pay attention to in our Universities — heightened Chinese influence — this time at a small college outside Boston: 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn Exactly! #WhitewashMitch #MoscowMitch #IMPOTUS #ConvictTrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpUkraine 
Letters: Why So Many Midcareer Doctors Burn Out 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
You Will Suffer Humiliation When The Sports Team From My Area Defeats The Sports Team From Your Area 
YES!!!! WE'LL VOTE 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
@sarahkendzior I mean, the was four years ahead of the curve with this one: 
This is , but oh so true! @SenJoniErnst #IMPOTUS45 #ImpeachmentHearings Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Call me Jason Sudeikis because I would happily punch this baby in the head. 
$MTCH She did a phenomenal job. This is a big loss for Match. 
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via 
The House claims it, and only it, can define executive privilege. via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
This every time a CritRole episode comes out, but it's totally unironic. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
This article on Kingdom Hearts has sent me. 
"C'mon. You want to find out what I'm made of? This is your big chance! Take a seat at the table, big boy! I'm servin' it up hot! C'mon! Step up to the plate, buddy!" 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Schiff warned if Trump is not impeached, American people may have chance to tamper w/ the next election."When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with."😂👍 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
After more than a year of heated Democratic debate about health care, climate change and more, the 2020 candidates are making their final pushes in Iowa squarely about beating President Trump 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
You Are Not A Real Christian If You Do Not Share This Post On Social Media Right Now 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hypocrisy at its finest the democrats can do it under obama. Actually a quid pro quo in tape. People become informed 
From opinion: Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
After WeWork, #RealEstate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - #MARGAUXMONET 
Finally! Some fake news you can trust In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
“There’s a whole basketball generation out there that patterned their game upon Bryant’s — if you think NBA fandom just segued artfully from Michael Jordan to LeBron James, you’re missing a big, essential group of people for whom Kobe was The One.” 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters by @sharonterlep 
Supreme Court Allows Victims Of Heart Disease, Obesity To Sue Utensil Manufacturer 
@SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump Remind him of this... in November the House decided not to subpoena Bolton. 
Bing 
It's not so much about looking tough as about being concerned they'll bring me in again for a lot of invasive and expensive tests and don't find out anything conclusive about the source of the smoke. 
Damn those pesky Americans! 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
. dead on the money as usual. #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachmentHoax 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination #satire #comedy 
Local Man Declares Self Tax-Exempt As Temple Of The Holy Spirit 
God Struggling To Feign Happiness After Jesus Announces He Marrying Exotic Dancer From Place Off I-95 
Vale not only knew about the dangers of this particular dam, but it was well versed in the dangers of dams overall, given another deadly collapse just a few years before. It vowed that another such tragedy would never happen again. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
@RealDonaldTrump is STUPID!! “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Those darned fucking morons #2020BlueTeam ‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
#Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China... Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding. 
Conservatism is the new counterculture 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
@michaelsantoli I’m not smart enough to know if there’s any sarcasm here. interestingly did a piece on returns by day in 2008: (Obviously this is not 2008, but of note is that Wednesday is the worst performing day) 
"This is Huuugge!, may have said @POTUS. Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN. 
@littlebee88 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
“I pray that we can get to a place where we can stop saying the first black this and the first black that.” @rayalexsmith 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Please read this - these faux men of god are UNBELIEVABLE - How could anyone believe Trump was "ministering" to Stormy Daniels. Oi Vey 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Harvard professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing's Virus Response as Travel Barriers Rise 
markets: The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game 
Is this the FIRST time it has ever happened anywhere in the WURLD?? This amazing~~&gt;&gt; 
@celiadpoon joins us in a time of high growth and is ready to be hands-on! Read more in this article: #techcompanies #leadershipteam #siliconvalley business # 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Really fascinating ongoing debate. Technology that has transformed the sport! Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy #SEMETHICS19 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
I can hear the Trump Trial musical now. Mitch doesn't have the votes, Mitch doesn't have the votes. 
NICE! Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Seems naive for the UK Gov’t to allow Huawei to work on “non-critical” infrastructure. A bit of an oxymoron when talking about wireless build outs. I think this is a bad decision that they’ll live to regret. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
“Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians” 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I'm waiting for the paywall to drop to read this one ....They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
@cindy26bliss @kathy_markovich No. It's a parody site: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
CBS bets big on ‘Star Trek: Picard’ to boost streaming business 
@415holgate @BL_St1 Not a huge fan of my CVS, but in the interest of non-bias: 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Equal work for all! 
After WeWork, real estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Well, this is interesting and explains why my kids typically run in the 97* range. I just thought all of our thermometers were broken! 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines ‼️‼️🚨🚨🚨🚨😂 #comingsoon 
@carterforva Pretty much every American conservative: 
@AJentleson One Week Canvassing Trip to Iowa Completely Changes Man’s Political Bio Section On His Website: 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via -SCOTUS ALLOWS TRUMP ADMIN TO IMPLEMENT RULES DENYING RESIDENCY OVER PUBLIC ASSISTANCE... NO GREEN CARD 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
"TPG is eager to try its own hand in the lending business." via 
Just scroll down to @z_shapiro's article in the bottom. It's awesome. "When I confess my neoconservatism to my peers, I often quote Dr. Tobias Fünke of “Arrested Development,” assuring them, 'There are dozens of us! Dozens!'" 
@oliverdarcy @brianstelter In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN CNN will also benefit, as their content will now be clearly labeled satire, protecting them from getting sued to high heaven for their skewed coverage #NickSandmann #FakeNews 
The answer is an emphatic no. Going on an airplane barefoot is indefensible. Full stop. via 
Yassss!! It’s taco Tuesday 🌮 🌮 🌮 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
Controversial research tackling a controversial practice. The findings should encourage an evidence-based discussion on the costs and benefits of latency arbitrage. #TransparentInvestments #FastTrading #LatencyArbitrage 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It Tweet by 
@switzertime I know. They don’t have an effective anti-viral for this strain. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Dems think citizens are stupid 
: 3147d1bb-0ebc-4232-9df6-47ad67fbcc0e 
"Classic Crown Prince," Bezos said afterward. "He's always so attentive and interested in the details of my personal life and financial records. He's probably gonna throw me a surprise party or something. You never know with a crazy cat like Mohammad!" 
It looks like McConnell is Saying the GOP does NOT have the votes to block witnesses at the Impeachment... This just got kinda interesting!🧐 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
A great look inside what it takes to run a high road firm... 80% of Nehemiah's workforce includes ex-convicts, and if you think it's a feel good, publicity stunt, think again — the company's annual turnover is only 15%, well below the national average. 
@GoldStarMom Absolutely. No national angst about this: 
In the 50 years since its first passenger flight, the Boeing 747 became the most dominant and recognizable craft for commercial air travel. looks back on the most significant moments in the Boeing 747’s history on its 50-year anniversary. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Risk of New #coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say health 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support! #CableGuy #NothingWorksRight 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,” he said. 
Hollywood Working On Official List Of Comedians It's OK To Laugh At 
Xi Jinping built up what many consider to be the world’s most sophisticated censorship machine to control public debate. Now that system is being put to the test as authorities try to dictate the narrative around the virus outbreak. @Lingling_Wei 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
The yts talkin “no one” again. I’d be wearing my moms right now if it wasn’t fat guy in a little coat action (she’s 4’10”) 
'The Poison Squad' Review: A Spoonful of Borax Helps the Rancid Meat Go Down - 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
Plausible. 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Airbus granted a DPA: FYI @Puglaas @janephilpott 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
I will be speaking about what makes a great journalism internship for both the student and the news outlet at this year's @NENPA annual conference in Boston. So this caught my eye: Younger workers feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via 
“They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself.” This story was a highlight of my day. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
Coronavirus came from Wuhan...Coincidence? This sob should be tried and hung for espionage. 
Bwahaha LUV IT #MoscowMitch whiffs it #IMPOTUS #TrumpIsCorrupt #ImpeachandRemove #ImpeachedForever #impeachmentTrial 
Real-Estate Stocks Rise To New Highs 
@CascadianSolo Area Teen Quickly Running out of Chances to Be First Openly Gay Anything (2013): 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
"My bologna has a first name, it's O-S-C-A-R..." You know the rest of the jingle but young people don't. @KraftHeinzCo, maker of Oscar Mayer, wrote down the value of their brands by $17 billion last year. #reinvention #business #food 
@Thomas1774Paine My God--he's right!! 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Relaxation Guide For Stressful Times - 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Weird Kid Opts To Sit Perfectly Still, Let Universe Decide His Fate After Teacher Instructs Class To Pair Up 
lol and enjoy the satire 
"At press time, sources confirmed the fictional woman, who is currently single while focusing on her career, had just bumped into an insufferable though admittedly handsome young man downstairs..." 
“The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows” ⁦opinion⁩ The Senate must call him as a witness ! Will discuss this &amp; #ImpeachmentTrial on ⁦@AmericaNewsroom⁩ today w ⁦@SandraSmithFox⁩ ⁦@edhenry⁩ 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade - #DRJAMESKEOUGH #CHINA #CoronaOutbreak #coronarvirus 
Only a corrupt government would even seek to block witnesses 
Stand back ! 🤣🤣👍 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Dems should be careful what they wish for. 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Shouldn't be hard 
@paulcdejean @BryanGividen @JoshABlock @mjs_DC @jadler1969 I suppose it’s in the eye of the beholder whether this is a “reasonable” argument ... but FWIW I also think Sam Bray (cited by Gorsuch yesterday) also argues that they’re almost always unlawful. 
Manufacturer 3M will cut 1,500 jobs after reporting a drop in earnings in the latest quarter. via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
"Mr. Saperstein built the unusual home, which is wedge-shaped with two distinct wings, in the early 1990s. The wedge’s point stretches out towards the ocean on one side like the bow of a ship, overlooking a pool of the same shape" 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
"@McDonalds Looks to Step Up #Chicken Offerings at #Breakfast," 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Utter nonsense from @Klonick @shelbyholliday: The @CIA and the corporate press propagandize Americans on a daily (hourly?) basis, but 'experts' are worried @tiktok_us will enable the spread of lies? Give me a break, . 'Experts,' worry about yourselves 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service #MAGA #TRUMP 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
ANOTHER ASSHOLES phone got hacked 
After Senseless #Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings #SatireKings 
SATIRE? 😏 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for “two states”, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores 
3M Co. said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort. The company, which employs 96,000 people, said the cuts would save it $110M-$120M a year. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Insanity. Why would anyone vote for Democrats if this is the best they've got? 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Outbreak Tests Faith in Global Economy 
@youngdog77 @William25894180 @HealthCareHuck @brithume They had their chance.. They decided not to. Why? 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump The is a satire site. 
Make-A-Wish Foundation Grants Terminally Ill Child Chance To View Mueller Report Before She Passes | 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It I'm in! @RepAdamSchiff @RepJeffries @RepJerryNadler @SpeakerPelosi #ImpeachTheBugger @cspanwj @realDonaldTrump 
Upheaval in Retail World Sets Stage for Texas Foreclosure Battle - 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
It has begun... Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally: 
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 as of Friday were seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest forecast since 3Q 2017...Vix uptrend at the gate! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN I considered purchasing @CNN. I went with a more secure investment: Hatian penny stocks. 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
The diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, is on exhibit in Germany. "For decades, she said, she was unable even to speak to her children about the Holocaust, let alone seek publication of her writings." via 
Wall Street Journal Reports the news about election of country of Isreal in Middle East 2 canadates met with Republican president Trump in the White House since1/1/2017 B4 President Barak Hosien Obama+ Jo Biden+ families living there 8 years, 2(4) in D.C. 
In%2520Major%2520Deal,%2520The%2520Babylon%2520Bee%2520Purchases%2520Competing%2520Satire%2520Site%2520CNN 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ... 
@CNN This is more believable! 😂 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I'm still skeptical 
How Schools Can Get Children to Eat Their Vegetables 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | . Lmfao!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
How long before Snopes tries to claim there was violence at the rally! After all words are violence! #GunRightsareHumanRights #GunRightsRally 
The new Kia Telluride SUV’s tech buffet includes Apply Carplay, a cabin intercom and six USB ports—that oughta keep the kids quiet for a while 
Philbin: Abuse of Power Charge Is 'Infinitely Malleable 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #ImpeachedForLife #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachTrump 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Can't stop laughing. Hard to tweet... 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Several legislators asked about the bus redesign in Queens. They said they have concerns over the proposed plan. State Sen. John Liu (D), looking beautiful without a necktie, said he wants to see more money spent to improve bus service. 
Once upon a #spy. #china #Harvard 
OK, WTF keeps putting this bugged eyed idiot back in office??!! Is he for real?? Just looking at him gives me terror chills...those eyes!! 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
@PuestoLoco The Wall Street Journal Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say. 
'... GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump, people familiar with the matter said.' 
Tech leaders now want government regulation Sensing new regulation is coming, #Microsoft, #Facebook, #Apple and #Alphabet are moving to shape policy discussions, calling for new laws on a range of issues—even as some have already resisted certain measures 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Derby’s Take: Odds Are Good Fed Will Tweak IOER Higher This Week 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week #article #lol 
Why is this exactly my dad with @CecilyTynan ?!? 🤣🤣🤣 you have a huge fan here in South Jersey, Cecile! 
So, so sad. Wow 💔🥺 
What makes this parody post from the Babylon Bee so funny is that this is essentially Schiff’s central argument. “Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election” | 
@realDonaldTrump But Trump's children are provided for - all at the expense of you - Americans! 
@Harvard is overrated anyway... 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
This headline is evergreen because she detest the idea of people voting 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s #Fur #Coat Families with vintage fur coats are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion and politics. 
For one for you @snopes 
Maybe it’s just been overtaken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main narrative is not one of American decline. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It ⁦@CNN⁩ might want this ratings boost! 🤔 Otherwise...💩👎 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
@RadioFreeTom is it? 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
"His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million. In addition to his new Washington manse, Rattner owns an apartment on Fifth Avenue... a horse farm in North Salem, N.Y., and a summer home in Martha’s Vineyard..." 
The #InternetOfThings Is Changing the World by 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | OH THE HORRORS!! 
Trump Expands Travel Ban To Include British Royalty | 
Peace plan without the Palestianians at the table = more of the same. 
What the hell are you people doing to the country! This is absolutely disgraceful! @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi @senatemajldr 
WHEN YOU GOT PEEPS LIKE MITTY &amp; DEMS LIKE PELOSI, SCHUMER, SHIFF, NADLER &amp; MORE BE GRATEFUL WE HAVE A COUNTRY. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Travis Kalanick, the co-founder of the popular app Uber, has decided to liquidate his share of the company entirely. #compliance #companynews 
@StormyDaniels Not sure you saw this. 🤣🤣🤣 
“Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,” ⁦@karen_langley⁩ ⁦⁩ 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Hundreds of Americans are preparing to fly out of Wuhan, but more U.S. citizens aren’t leaving, having failed to secure a seat on the single U.S.-bound flight or decided to ride out the emergency 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
@DonaldJTrumpJr Uncle Lev says, "I feel like my family left me." 
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@ewehoo This always gives me a hearty-chuckle 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Theory MH270: Engines ran for 5 hours after lost contact. Lost contact point + radar shadow 30 min later, continue line for another 4.5hr B777 flt time = US bomber base, Diego Garcia. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker I’ve can now say I’ve truly heard it all! 😂😂😂 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
@Squill_whispers @junogsp7 @realDonaldTrump BabylonBee said it best... 🤣🤣🤣 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@KashJackson2018 @gilpo104 @BernieSanders That’s not what the Constitution says. 
@jppandesv @Zen_Zinger @gailkimITSME @AndrewYang I am in favor of a far simpler tax code that eliminates loopholes and the establishment of a flat or fair tax. Amazon did pay taxes they were just were helped by deductions and tax incentives. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
‘Avocado Hand’ Is really a thing. And the Super Bowl will bring it on. 
Don’t know if I believe it, but if true....🗣🗣🗣TURN IT UP!!!! 
@CNNPolitics Adam Schiff is as big a joke as CNN. 
"It's a joy I was able to be born in '88 so I could catch Kobe in his prime," Kevin Durant said. Today's players wanted to be Kobe Bryant. He was their Michael Jordan. 
The chair of Harvard’s chemistry department was charged on allegations that he didn't disclose Chinese government funding he received, an escalation of efforts to counter Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities, via @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe 
Agreed. Worst case Bolton Bomb is known Dud &amp; will NOT change inevitable acquittal. So, The Bomber MUST come out &amp; tell all about supposed he said, he said 2 move on. (BTW, John, it won't hurt book sales) @realDonaldTrump The John Bolton Report 
The latest on the NYS #Marijuana #Cannabis #Weed #CBD legislative landscape - 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
“You can make more as a dog walker in New York City than as an infant-toddler caregiver […] it’s scary.” 
Witness are coming to Senate impeachment proceedings. 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! I've noticed some people DO NEED HELP! LOL 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father #comedy #article 
A lot of talented reporters at the covered this story. The team in Brazil was led by two extraordinary reporters. Both women. They spent the past year trying to find out what happened and who was responsible. Listen to their tale here: The Journal. 
@EntheosShines @AdamTrahan @fkandkk @WajahatAli Sorry comrade - this comes from Trump's own DOJ and the conservative Wall Street Journal "Gateway pundit" isn't your friend. Try again. 
markets: The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
Check this out if you teach statistics: 
(Israel Intel Inside Corp is loosing their dominance to Taiwan and AMD TSMC Corp Intel War Chrono Beer Virus) Intel warned Chinese companies of chip flaws before U.S. government 
U.S. National #Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - CONGRATULATIONS #GOP #TRUMP ⁦@RandPaul⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦@SenJohnThune⁩ ⁦@ChuckGrassley⁩ ⁦@SenCoryGardner⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@MarshaBlackburn⁩ 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
This is what is called biting satire...excellent stuff! And absolutely true! 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
OMG, could the evangelicals be any more delusional &amp; pathetic?? 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
#news #opinion #Venezuela #Putin #Trump #tuesday “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us via 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs - #GoogleAlerts 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Lil' Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces #Baseball As National Pastime. Americans’ favorite entertainment is the much faster-moving and varied entertainment of getting mad at stupid nonsense they read about online. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@ me next time 
Experts: 'Derek Jeter Probably Didn't Need To Jump To Throw That Guy Out' 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
@fjrsally @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians by on Politics, shared by to 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
@GOPChairwoman @JaiceHarmon @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump bankrupted a casino... #WalkAway A CASINO 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment onlinemarketing entrepreneurs 
"Because men and women are the same." 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Funny but I bet it’s really true if people were honest with themselves! 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 😂 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Excellent. #WitnessesAndDocuments Senate Majority Leader #MoscowMitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents. #GOPcoverup #IMPOTUS 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
“[T]he ball is in Congress’s court to act before U.S. innovation falls too far behind those nations that have IP systems equipped for the 21st century.” – Judge Paul Michel and @TheRealMattDowd in . #PatentsMatter 
: 03962198-ff83-4cbc-99a2-1082d5c56213 
USD #LIBOR alternative #SOFR, grows in derivatives markets via The Wall Street Journal ($) &lt; Silent on growth in cash markets (loans, etc.) 
Media circus 🎪 continues. There are plenty of clowns 🤡 Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@EliseStefanik Meanwhile.... 
Study finds that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
YUGE DEAL! Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@CNNPolitics @CNN Verified as Truthful, 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @alextdaugherty 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned "Discussions with CEOs and executives from the U.S. and Europe at the World Economic Forum in Davos last week showed great confidence that Mr. Trump will win." 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣😂🤣 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses HA! @GOP sucks @realdonaldtrump sucks 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
#ImpeachmentTrial #TrialsHaveWitnesses #RightMatters #AdamSchiffHasMyRespect McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection I guess the kids today don't hang out in diners the way we did. 
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to #REIT Stocks via @MattWirz 
@HumansAreLoco @prageru Or this:. 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma's Fur Coat: Wall Street Journal 
Sydney-based software maker Atlassian set a goal of running all its direct operations, primarily buildings, on 100% renewable energy by 2025 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - Nick Timiraos foreshadows Fed thinking, Barron’s reports $26b reduction in Jan., squeezing liquidity ⁦@LanceRoberts⁩ ⁦@michaellebowitz⁩ ⁦@DiMartinoBooth⁩ ⁦@SoberLook⁩ 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😂😂😂😂😂 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
CAN @snopes VERIFY THIS?! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
“If, as planned, AKK succeeds Angela Merkel as chancellor, the two most powerful people in the EU will be hawkish German ex-defense ministers.” 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
@yanerushka same day 
Growing at maximum speed is now 'less of a thing.' #entrepreneurs #startups 
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Yes! Taco Tuesday. 😂😂 
@JohnPlayerNo6_1 Here's why: 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@Geoffreytsmith @akarlin88 @marcbennetts1 @bneeditor @evghenia_v Poland was guilty for starting WWII by the same principle outlined here 
Some big consumer news: the new J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive Jan Singer. She also had Executive roles at Spanx and Nike. Solid, solid move for a brand that's at a crossroads. 
@realDonaldTrump The economy is great he says 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ 
And the saga continues: #SAVRposts 
Come on Senator @MittRomney, you gotta do better and not bring this kind of attention to yourself and the great state of #Utah. Also, @byu_creamery has been drug into this mess. Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
: Amazon is expanding its warehouse operations in New York City as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to customers in the area 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Look on my Memes, ye Mighty, and despair! 😅 
She makes a good point. 
#AdamSchiff That would be @TheDemocrats 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
U.S. drugmakers AbbVie and Johnson &amp; Johnson are shipping drugs approved to treat HIV to Chinese health authorities to see whether they might help contain coronavirus. @JaredSHopkins 
New York City grocer Fairway Market got permission to tap a bankruptcy loan while it tries to clinch a sale 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@MSNBC⁩ Does anyone besides me thanks this is just bizarre?! These people are all NUTS!! 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains has closed 33 locations and laid off about 1,100 employees 
#Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of #iPhones, apps and its #AirPods wireless earbuds. ⁦⁩ 
Jailed drug company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the Federal Trade Commission and the New York attorney general alleged. 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
Derek Jeter Makes Easy Play Look Easy 
Very common across east Asia. Quite scary too. The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income. 
@Speicher2017 @willchamberlain Me too. I'm just used to a series of electoral as well as Electoral College Presidential elections in the USA going back to JFK in 1960... 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) | ... 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
Is it ever acceptable to go barefoot on a flight? 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors via #latency #arbitrage 
More positive signs that the property sector in the UK is bouncing back! A Hong Kong real-estate investor is set to buy a central-London residential property for just under $274 million, in what would be the U.K.’s most expensive house sale ever via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #China #Security via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Feeling like this is a good time to remind everyone of this 
Dont buy the Luis Vitton dip. Dump your luxury junk, buy Bitcoin 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
@80k_0k8 I must’ve copied the link before the URL had finished rerouting me to the correct page from my news feed. Hopefully, this link works: 
We know what "streamlining operations" means - and it's bad news for workers. 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - 
Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might... 
Shareholders are certainly king in the big scheme of things, but there must be a balance in companies' focus. If you focus only on shareholders and ignore good business practices, there are bound to be problems that arise. via #shareholders #ECU4842 
****WHAT?!****Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; 
“He had confirmed that Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ, as he had become acquainted with her and was very concerned that she was not a Christian.” #POTUS 
@MarkCoh73362338 @HalaJaber Read and maybe you will know it to be true. You sound so ignorant do you that osma bin laden was in a group founded by the US to fight against the USSR in Afghanistan. That group which was the mujahadeen later became the Taliban. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Once again some of the best reporting by about the Joe Rogan endorsement of Sanders: "I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.": 
“It helps me to know that there is #God &amp; I trust in God. It helps me to know that what­ever life throws at you, all the chal­lenges, there is always some­one you can trust” ~ Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer Germany Defense Minister 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Americans Meddling with #Election2020! (Just ask #Schiffhead! ) 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@RichardGillam7 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Controversial author of Bell Curve fame argues that “polygenic scores will offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what is innate and what is added by the environment”. Get the popcorn 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
I need this. Turkish Christians can also be a big help. Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat #satire 
@mark_linder I would be interested in your scholarly opinion on this one. #Peterswungfirst #variantreading 
Finally, the janitors from Iran, and their cousins, and their cousins puppy (who are fighting so hard to stop #s386) won’t get a green card. 
: bdd75386-71ed-4663-bfa2-501b93031d6e 
@GJasienska USA just enacted income based limitations on immigration. via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony #comedy #satire 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
@World_In_Mins 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
An oldie, but a goodie. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
Democrats warn that American people may tamper with next election. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
Stand By Your Rich White Man! Had he been put on trial sooner, he would have been bitching about having no time to prepare his defense. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' Bernie is not liked. Hillary is liked. Be like Hillary!! Suicide your detractors!! 
Antivaccine misinformation is spreading in India on WhatsApp: A Unicef official says rumors on the messaging app “travel faster than the vaccines” via 
Hey Mitch your coverup is showing GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
‘He Is a Dictator’ Nadler let me 'splain you dictators If we were the United Socialist States of America and a dictatorship you would be in a re-education camp to learn how not to say bad things about El Jefe! 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 
@hey_ebie @TheAHNShow Because daddy did this for him you can research on your own why he wanted that Prosecutor fired. Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People THIS IS ONE SICK POS !! 
Harvard Professor Clayton M. Christensen Turned His Life Into a Case Study Management guru advised students to focus on creating strategies for living a good life by @JamesRHagerty in via @nytdavidbrooks 
Hershey&amp;#39;s Ordered To Pay Obese Americans $135 Billion 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | . 
I just can’t anymore. 🤦‍♀️ 
'Why'-Doesn't-John-BOLTON ... Just March-Into-The-SENATE &amp;-Give-Them The-MONOCLE ... [All]-BLUSTER or-Is-He-Actually 'Scared'-of-SOMETHING!!!??? &gt;(*U^)&lt; (Joke) 
Latest from 's @NickTimiraos :The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
@TrumptasticNH @superyayadize More where that came from. 
Shortage of experienced CFOs? There's another path: flexible #CFO advisory services, backed by a full finance team as needed, with sector-specific knowledge, perspective and contacts accumulated over decades of experience. via 
if you are really really dumb (and inexperienced with handling an avocado) you might get this. Pro tip: use a butter knife instead 
True story. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It @brianstelter 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via 
China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home #FreedomOfSpeech #Censorship 
@shawnstrange71 @KaitLouiseWalsh @wpri12 Articke is accurate. Not all US citizens who wanted to leave could. Sure, they were evacuated by the govt. but more US citizens who wanted to leave could not. 
Yeah, right. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
@PabloDiablo99 @carolineroyce @northerly_mag Keep telling yourself that and I'm sure you will affirm your opinion. Here's the first national coverage of the name change. 
I'm speechless 
We will see. Not getting my hopes up. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Here's the good news: The skills students learn through #NewsLiteracy - like the @Checkology virtual classroom - empower them to evaluate any misinformation, no matter the platform. #NewsLiteracyWeek @NewsLitProject 
A choose your own adventure game with helpful insights on balancing money and life. The data is focused on the U.S. but from what I saw the themes still hold true for Canadians. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
The Billie Eilish Revolution: How the Unconventional Teen Swept the Grammys - The Wall Street Journal #FooFighters 
@ejthies15 @CDCgov Emily: doctors in China are trying out some antivirals on hospitalized patientsto see if they seem to help. Plz see my profile page for additional information resources. 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Stocks Drop on Coronavirus Fears 
jerk that’s my line 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The John Bolton Report 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Always funny Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Congress%20Warns%20Impeachment%20Trial%20May%20Force%20Them%20To%20Work%20Grueling%2030-Hour%20Weeks 
Massive plank appears in the eye socket of lying Schifty Schiff as he accuses our POTUS of lying. His nose also grew 3 inches. Is he not under oath? 
Hey @StormyDaniels is that true 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Note which was posted first. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via 
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears. 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - Beautiful 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners | 
I actually love this although its possible I am just annoying 
Thanks Mr. President! U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance | ...I love Babylon Bee 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Letters: Dr. Google Has Points Good and Less Good via 
Tips To Improve Your Skiing #sarcasm #article 
Shadow Banks Come Into the Light in Global Lending - #GoogleAlerts 
FFS! Do the Organized Religion sheeple actually believe this garbage. FCS, this planet is doomed!!! 🤯 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
What kind of nation are we creating that incentivizes poor Walruses to lie to sell books?! Just give him some cod! I blame Climate Change...🤪 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Jar Jar was so not beloved. I hope that this isn't true, if it is then The Mandolorian is ruined. #MandolorianBabyCare 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
I just can’t anymore. I just about heard everything. 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
REITs generated returns of about 2.8% through Jan. 24 this year, surpassing the 2.1% returns posted by the S&amp;P 500 -- 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Paul decided he would try 𝘥𝘦𝘮𝘰𝘤𝘳𝘢𝘵𝘪𝘤 stepping on a rake, where his friends all vote on whether he steps on the rake... 
@nanwhaley Looks like Pete is done. Plus, accused by own staff of lack of diversity. Why would support a guy like this? 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar. 
Sharing the gospel, is that what you're calling having sex with a porn star now? Please tell me people really aren't this stupid. 
BREAKING -- @senatemajldr doesn’t have the @GOP votes to block demands for witnesses. 
Oh, yeah, for sure we'll let this bozo take over... 
Check this out @mutualofomaha @GallupNews @ConagraBrands you all are leading the way in these efforts 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #ImpeachmentHearings #ImpeachmentTrials 
Harvard’s Chemistry &amp; Chemical Biology Chair was charged today for lying about his work for China. • Worked with and was paid $50k monthly by Wuhon University since 2012 • Specializes in nanoscience &amp; nanotech including tech used for infectious viruses 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Instead of renaming the Boeing 737 MAX, Boeing needs to go overboard in making the plane safe to restore its reputation. via 
@SyxOfNyne @JoyceWhiteVance @Zebrafarm2000 Compared to Reagan, Bush, or Bush, Trump's ability to write the headline he wants SUCKS Example: "The Surge Worked!" (Emphasis added) 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
#Buttigieg #Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as #IowaCaucuses Approach 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
Airbus expected to settle FCPA case with US, UK and France. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@mkraju Yeah right 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
This could be the funniest thing I've ever read. 
#China’s #cryptocurrency will likely outflank Libra, &amp; could pave the way to a new global currency order - it’s adoption is secured in China, its challenge will be the high street bank-biased west - video by 
"Black Wave: Saudi Arabia, Iran, and the Forty-Year Rivalry That Unraveled Culture, Religion, and Collective Memory in the Middle East by Kim Ghattas reviewed in 
Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales $AAPL I can hear @jimcramer saying own apple dont trade Apple right now 😁 
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected areas 
Mariana Trench Once Again Named Worst Place To Raise Child 
@John_the_L @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@GOP @PamBondi "A consulting firm hired by Burisma Group mentioned that former Joe Biden’s son served on the Ukrainian gas company’s board so the firm could leverage a meeting with the State Department." 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
is expanding its warehouse operations in Staten Island as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to its New York-area consumers. 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Great to be a part of the standardizing privacy with Microsoft, Apple, and others. At @GoBeep, we’re ready day one. 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Much like Brexit itself, plans for a Brexit museum haven’t exactly gone smoothly 
Looks like the thinks @joniernst is a joke. If you want a Senator who will do their job and bring dignity to the office, donate to my campaign to unseat her ➡ 
@smtravis @SKH245 @RealTalkGwenS @browardschools @SunSentinel @DeAngelisCorey You know that super conservative pro-Trump Wall Street Journal also had this so zi figured I would share. Sharing is caring. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 😂😂😂😂 
@OANN @realDonaldTrump However, it could take up to a year before it becomes available to the public. *** Identified on Jan. 7, 2020 as new virus. 100 deaths in 21 days. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election by VOTING for the GOP! #DemSillines 
Just another day in ‘Murica 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. Ideally, talks will collapse and they build their own thing from scratch elsewhere. 
We spoke to Coach Monica Aldama from Netflix’s “Cheer” about what gets her through her week, what vitamins she takes and what wakes her up in the middle of the night. 
Florida senator Rick Scott must be trying to earn trump brownie points, b/c he is airing an anti Biden ad in IOWA. Another impartial juror like Ernst, showing his bias. #ImpeachedForLife 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero 
The Christian Right, boys and girls. Run as fast as possible if you come across it. Oy vey... 
Bolton is, in a sense, Trump's worst nightmare: someone who actually will testify about the facts of the case. The one thing that Trump's defenders never want to talk about. #SenateTrial #BoltonTestify 
An excellent Q &amp; A article on the Coronavirus 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation 
This policy penalizes low-income immigrant communities and families and undermines guestworkers’ ability to seek redress for workplace abuse. #ProtectFamilies 
@sammk1964 @alanfair12 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump Obama prolonged the recession. Big brain time. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
The second firm, Germany’s TUV SUD, gave the dam the lowest rating of any Vale dams it was inspecting. But it still certified it as safe, under pressure from Vale. 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
The Wall Street Journal: New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown. via @GoogleNews 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
brian stelter will produce the videos😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
Ladies and Gentlemen, we've reached the portion of the program featuring trumps holy semen.I introduce.... 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Adam Schiff nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 not taking the turn they had hoped tor. 
@flowfocus Try capping interest rates: 
@seanhannity No. If tRump is removed then Pence should be too. #PresidentPelosi 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
⁦⁩ is really on to something here. I’m on it. #avgeek #ation #Boeing737Max 
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Hand that shoelace to Ted here b/c he is just as stupid as @AOC 
Downsizing Your Home Is Hard. How to Decide What’s Worth Keeping. This is a good place to start - 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly. #nCoV2019 #coronavirus 
Evangelicals explain raw dogging as Sunday School. 
The Tax Increases to Come.. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
sounds like the but could really be the CCP :-) 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in #Venezuela. #SOSVenezuela #Jan27th 
@katalva3 Nope 
Blasphemer Trump: ‘I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic #Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's #TacoTuesday 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This election season will be telling as candidates refine their China message. #China #Davos #USA #trade 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science - and science will trump ideology! 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People | 
This is clearly false. Bolten said he would testify for a handful of magic beans... John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV - 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 😂 
How will your taxes increase for various Democratic candidates 
Stocks to Watch: Juniper Networks, Whirlpool, Brown Brown 
Remember some #Americans will believe this, they will. #Televangelist #JimBakker explained to his audience that he had confirmed that #Trump was scheduling private time with #StormyDaniels to share with her the good news of #JesusChrist. #Spanky 
a great satire site! I love the headlines! Although, meant to be a joke, they always have a ring of truth! 
@PostOpinions @InspiringU2 @ThePlumLineGS Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial Reality show? 
Idaville Detective 'Encyclopedia' Brown Found Dead In Library Dumpster 
The Trump plan for Israeli-Palestinian peach isn't simply more of the same. It's a signficant departure from past American efforts. via 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace - 
GM has once again chosen to support Detroit by investing $2.2 billion into its next plant in the city. GM’s new line of electric and self-driving vehicles will be rolling out as early as the fall of 2021 from its retooled Detroit-Hamtramck Assembly plant. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
turns out that tRUMP (aka #Dotard, aka #IMPOTUS) is more 'Pro-Birth' than he is 'Pro-Life'. @SykesCharlie @PalmerReport @maddow @SenateGOP @TheLastWord @PressSec 
Proud of my alma mater for doing the real work 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Harvard professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. via 
CNN should have paid the Bee for taking them: 
⁦@HillaryClinton⁩ : 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' Many political commentators quickly condemned her remarks but have since turned up dead. 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says it is evaluating 127 complaints against electric-car maker via 
I've never been to Twitter Jail, but it would probably be pretty goddamn annoying to be in a holding cell with the rest of the people in Twitter Jail. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
The opinion on @AmbJohnBolton "He’s a straight-shooter, even if he sometimes aims right between the eyes." 
Baptists, softball, baptism, &amp; satire 
A true “mask off” moment—It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump. 
: Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via #PeasePlan #MiddleEast #Palestine #FreePalestine #Trump 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire 
@SenatorCollins The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker @VP @KarenPence You must seriously think we’re all stupid. 
An effort to curb President Trump’s ability to use military force against Iran has stalled during the Senate impeachment trial against him. via 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
“Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project" 
Go against the flow 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
💥HUGE NEWS... Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN~ The new conglomerate organization will be called BNN. CNN writers and hosts will be instructed to simply keep doing what they're doing.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 #CNNsucks 
Satire Tweet #3 () "CNN Moderator Challenges Sanders’ Support For Women By Asking Him To Name Every Part Of Female Reproductive System" 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
LMFAO... 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid di 
"The secrecy behind #shellcompanies —businesses that exist only on paper—is a clear and present danger.” #antimoneylaundering #aml #cft #moneylaundering #regulatorycompliance 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa. They are very afraid of Biden. #ImpartialJurorHaHa 
The UK will allow Huawei to build part of its 5G networks. A few questions going forward: (thread) via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale— How to Impoverish the American Nation 
Today, more than ever, we need to own our careers and maximize opportunities 
Village Inn, Bakers Square Restaurant Chains File for Bankruptcy 
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 👏 👏👏👏👏👏Bravo. 
markets: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall. 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
As bond yields in developed economies have touched record lows, investor demand for higher-yield assets has risen, helping to support demand for the flood of bond issuance @emsovdebt @RencapMan @hofrench 
@miffedcupcake @ACLU "Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed" 
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received" 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
@realDonaldTrump Satire sites combining "We've long admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly &amp; thrilled to have them under The Bee's umbrella. When you can't compete w/ hilarious satire like CNN, an acquisition seemed to make most sense." 
Louis Vuitton's dip isn't the end of the luxury boom, but coronavirus will be a doozy 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Leaders at the forefront of the healthcare, food, gaming, creative, and real estate industries predict the future of their workplaces via 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via Politics a lease is 
A whole new genre of "sharing the gospel" porn is about to, um, erupt - 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Because those nutter gun owners are insane and must live up to what their critics believe of them? 
What's going on? After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - The Wall Street Journal Be found 
: Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
@petsit16 @RockyMountViews That, along with this. 👇🏻 
@Klonick As my colleagues @georgia_wells &amp; @EmilyGlazer previously reported, TikTok is being flooded with political content: Millions of young people are using the platform, and political operatives have noticed. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Israel’s Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges 
"Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" 😂 
A synchronized #housing slowdown is a new cloud over #global #growth via 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
The government will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 and deficits will exceed that amount every year for the foreseeable future. via 
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal 
markets: Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@HK_not_safe @bylijing Him and Mr Li... 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships 
Progressives Call On African Americans To Quit Their Jobs To Avoid Being Used As A Trump Statistic Sad day to be a Progressive 
@GenFlynn You Mr Flynn don't represent the morals of our country as far as I'm concerned you can rot in prison 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This is the last thing Trump wants to see. John Bolton almost certainly will be called in as a witness. Reportedly Bolton explicitly says in his coming book that Trump gave the order to withhold the congressionally mandated military aid pkg to Ukraine. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Local Man With No Detectable Spiritual Gifts Assigned To Parking Lot Ministry &lt;&lt;&lt; this is totally me. 
It's About Time !! Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@wineguru007 @Tracy31080668 @curtSRF11 @davidhogg111 Just follow him right off the cliff. 
Join #SwarmTheSenate tomorrow to demand #WitnessesAndDocuments- we can't let this come down to the last vote! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Nation Unsurprised As Ocasio-Cortez Comes Out Against Thoughts | 
- U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
No mind, bring ALL the witnesses... via 
"We don't want them to change anything..." | @SethDillon 
California Regulators a Potential Obstacle to T-Mobile, Sprint Merger - #MONETCAPITALFUNDING 
#Malkan Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Pencilneck has really gone off the deep end 😱 SCHIFF, POLOSI, NADLER, WATERS, MUST BE REMOVED. 😠😠 
Gonna leave that there Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women 
At issue for Discover amid its stock fall:whether credit-card company’s borrowers are under financial strain via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
As Trump rallies supporters in NJ tonight, re-upping my story from yesterday about his campaign's ambitious Iowa caucus plans. via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@lukestein j/k - you're looking great! 
Why is anyone listening to this criminal??? Is he really that delusional and dishonest, still??? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - The Wall Street Journal 
⁦@BStulberg⁩ how can you argue with these results??? 😂😇 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | - Join the conversation on @clouthub 
@LaurieLynn8171 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@rachel_maria65 @katz_mum @RudyGiuliani For doing exactly what he's accusing the Bidens of and lobbying for a foreign government. Federal Prosecutors Probe Giuliani's Links to Ukrainian Energy ... Federal Subpoenas Seek Information on Giuliani's Consulting ... 
A moving story from @rsimon18, about a company dedicated to giving workers second chances. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Coronavirus mortality rate: SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with the new coronavirus have died - 
“The 🇬🇧 UK gov­t has given the green light for Huawei to build part of its next-generation 5G cel­lu­lar net­work, dismiss­ing calls from the Trump ad­min­is­tra­tion to boy­cott the Chi­nese tele­com-equip­ment ven­dor over se­cu­rity fears.” #cdnpoli 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now #GretaThunberg #Davos 
Illinois; guess which party? 
roflmao! Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday @girlsreallyrule #ImpeachmentTrial #hungry 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
There should be a tax per transaction on this legalized form of insider trading. : Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
Be a rebel! 😂 
Some anti socialism humor! 
@JoanieTX @Faith18Shields @tommarcus @MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump @wef Beau Biden's relationship to China was to get investment capital for a group that he was working for here in the United States. This money did not go to him. It was for the firm he represented. 
Socialists Criticized As 'Math Deniers' 
Will no academic resit the temptation of suckling on the teat of the dictatorship? 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Are you a Democrat or a Republican? The answer depends heavily on your income, your job and your neighborhood. via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Bosses, Get Out of Your Employees’ Way 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
the answer is only yes if you own the plane, right? 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
I would ask for a parachute if I saw this next to me 
Smart. Well done ⁦@ProphetBrand⁩ 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
New York Imposes $10 Million Tax Bill on Connecticut-based Hedge-Fund Manager. Assessment was largest deficiency imposed in decades on taxpayer found to be a ‘statutory resident’ of New York state, while living elsewhere. via 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV Room rates around Miami soaring to record highs for host city, as hotels in the Keys benefit, too, # article 
Now back to our coverage of the Wuhan Fitness Games. 
This is a ridiculous accusation! Everyone who knows Trump knows that he doesn't do drugs &amp; doesn't even drink alcohol. 
@chipmeahan @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@jefmbv This is me at high society events: 
I’m dead! This is hilarious! 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 
"After the police got the shoelaces off her neck, AOC said, “Duh! I like socialism!” and then turned and walked into a tree" 
Meant to be used once a week, this shampoo made with pink salt and rose-hip oil clarifies and detoxes the scalp 
@polite_netizen @AliceFromQueens Obligatory link. 👇 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’ #HR #Recruiting #FutureOfWork 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
$MMM (-1.9% pre) 3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit - MW - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This headline is fitting &amp; proper. #PublicCharge rule = "Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration" “Never before have we said, you have to be comfortably middle class before you come to America…That’s what we’re saying now.” via @brkend @MHackman 
Frustrated Gunman Can’t Believe How Far He Has To Drive To Find Nearest Planned Parenthood Clinic 
Elizabeth Warren Opens Casino To Help Finance Campaign 
Winners list from the Grammy Awards via 2020 Grammy Award Winners 1/27/2020 
Further proof of a dumb idea now virtue clamoring on the coat tails of a beloved athlete’s tragic death. Nobody cared about your damn peanuts to begin with 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
The Tax Increases to Come via 
The Fed continues pumping money into the economy to keep interest rates low and stock market roaring. Trump is loving it. via 
My favorite satire site, Babylon Bee, nails it. And by "it", I mean @JeffBezos's apparently non-existent security settings &amp; skills. 
My heart breaks for people suffering and having to choose between food and survival over citizenship. 
Billie Eilish was the first artist to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
Democratic leaders all had a moment of silence to reflect on the gravity of their undertaking, the only sound now being the making of impeachment balloons by the Impeachment Clowns there to entertain the children. 
@breakingavnews @Airsquad9 RIP to the crew “The bodies of the service members, the only people on board, were recovered Tuesday...” 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Tech Regulators Expanding Focus to Artificial Intelligence #AI #machinelearning 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
TRUMP was merely worried about Ms Daniels "bc she WAS NOT a Christian and needed to help her" NOW IT'S A MORAL HIGHGROUND HE WAS INVOLVED WITH HER?!? This may be biggest spin in history-cuz DT IS ALWAYS most,biggest,best-in history 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@Ryan_Mahoney @candicebroce And another! LOL! 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus We can identify at least 18 common pathogens (most viral) including coronavirus w a nasopharyngeal swab; yet only two antiviral therapies(influenza and RSV in children). Huge opportunity 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
This is what Schiff and other Dems think of you. You cannot be trusted. You are not smart. You must be controlled. Stand up for yourself and this nation and put the Communists, Socialists, and Dems in their place. Frankly it is time for some... 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
😂😂😂 Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 😉 
This is why I will alway be a Liberal Conservative. I am married to the truth and I loathe hypocrisy. What is Pro-life when you hate minorities? Evangelical hypocrisy is from the devil and has nothing to do with God. 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
"During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved in the opposite direction." That's one way to put it. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly via 
Pretty shocking, to be honest. 
Are the Dems crazy. First is was Russia, then Trump now we the People may tamper with the Election. They’re Evil and need to ALL BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE in 2020! #VoteRedToSaveAmerica 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Good news for the podcasting industry. Bad news for my wallet and my listening ears🎙️ 
Credit Suisse CEO says allegations are "entirely false and defamatory" #CorpGov 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally @KurtSchlichter @CamEdwards 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
They will also give you the option to opt-out of it at airports. 
And all you Q follower say nothing's happening there's never no arrests LOL open your eyes 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal 
"We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like." ... Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election (Satire) 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance 
Checks out. 
: Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial. 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via 
Jim Bakker is my new favourite comedian! 
NEW: TPG in Talks to Reduce Stake in $32 Billion Credit-Investing Arm w/ @lizrhoffman 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her. 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
ha, this one really got me. 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges. 
Oompa-loompa doompity doo I've got a climate whiner for you... 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' #MAGA #TRUMP 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime I like the pictures😂😂 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
- “It is very important that the people feel they can make a choice between several options.” - @HassanRouhani #Iran has parliamentary elections coming up on February 21 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year and projected to reach 98% by 2030. That stems from the combination of #TrumpTaxScam cuts and projected increases in spending particularly on safety-net programs such as Medicare and Social Security. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump #ConvictAndRemoveTrump Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Call your Senator RIGHT NOW! 202-224-3121! I'm calling mine RIGHT NOW! (Oh crap wait is Gillibrand a hard G or a soft G? I always forget for some reason.) (Oh god it's ringing. If she answers this could be super embarrassing!!) 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
I want to know WHO the @GOP TRAITORS ARE!?!!?!?!?!?!? Collins? Murkowski? Collins? Sleazebag Romney? Who else? OUTRAGED!!! 
: 638a774f-dec0-4cd8-bcc8-a465b639db73 
Working Artist Has Developed Thick Skin For Sound Career Advice - #in #entrepreneur #workfromhome #smallbusiness 
Accurate, even though it's the Babylon Bee. 
What happened to Trumpy s promise to wipe out the Debt. He knew he was lying. From Discover on Google 
Dipshit @GovernorVA Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
We are evolved to love babies. Cooperating in their care may have been key to the evolution of human cooperation. @alisongopnik 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
And there you have it #maga #schiffshow Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
My goodness, what a tool. 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
8th Grader Impregnated During Trip To 'March For Life' Event 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | ⁦@KirstenPowers⁩ 
Su­per Bowl at­ten­dees on av­er­age are from house­holds mak­ing about $240,000 a year and are typ­i­cally a “high-end, up­per man­age­ment con­sumer.” 
BabylonBee: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
“We don’t know how infectious it is, we don’t know how severe it is, and we don’t know how it’s spreading,” a former CDC director says of China’s coronavirus 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #highered 
My mom, my aunt, my cousin... we all turned down my grandmother’s fur coat when she passed away. Her cleaning lady ended up taking it home and she loves it.... 
Politics Newsletter: The White House confronts a big impeachment X factor, new details about Trump's Middle East peace plan, and Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus" 
Best excuse ever .. wonder how many wifes would accept it ? " 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,'" Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. via 
At a meeting of all Republican senators on Tuesday after the White House lawyers wrapped their opening arguments, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of Trump. 😏😈⚖️ 
Trading global #stocks at slightly out-of-date prices has earned high-frequency #traders approximately $5 billion/year. #LatencyArbitrage @aosipovich 
- Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦@GovernorVA⁩ 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
THE BEE JUST KKEPS ON GETTING BETTER! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Bakker was imprisoned and a con. He and Trump have much in common. Con men and snake oil salesman. #TruthMatters 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The tech talent challenge: Genuent's Talent Path finds new tech workers and farms them out on consultant contracts, typically for less than it would cost to hire an intern outright 
Chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache | 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
Trump team criticizes Pelosi for monthlong trial delay 
‘The Poison Squad’ Review: A Spoonful of Borax Helps the Rancid Meat Go Down - 
Social media is the primary mode of communication for the younger generation. As we continue to find new ways to communicate, we will continue to uncover problems as well as solutions to those problems. #Communication #SocialMediaNews 
Report: Economy Must Be Doing Pretty Well If Entire Season Of ‘Bones’ Online For Free 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Melting Giraffe #Congressman Warns #Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Bill de Blasio has absolutely wrecked New York neighborhoods with dozens of soulless glass high-rises that have tiny rooms and block the sky and exist only to get him campaign dollars from real-estate developers. It's the worst. 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Still on break, but I'm dropping these off (4 today) so... Satire Tweet #1 () "Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby" 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings | 
“U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data, though bond markets briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October.” 
Mitt Romney Retires To Fainting Couch After Suggesting Trump May Be Acting Ignobly 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
FBI Solving 80% More Cases After Getting Great Big Magnifying Glass 
Witnesses a-comin'? 
This is awesome! Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via @tim_cook 
@TheRickWilson CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - 
First the #NewYorkTimes makes a double endorsement and now @UNITEHERE11 does the same. Is there anyone on the left with the balls to make a real choice? 
And during a strong economy... #playingwithfire U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
Planters paused promos around Mr. Peanut's death because Kobe Bryant died, but the peanut-mascot funeral is still on for the Super Bowl 
Why would you want to block witnesses in a trial, but the Republicans don’t want a trial they want a cover up for trump. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Northam reminded everyone that Virginia is his state, his choice, and that it's not a state full of American citizens with God-given rights unless he declares it to be so. 
@DeliliaOMalley @5838Lex “She said the sermon lasted less than a minute. 🍄” @Jim_Bakker @StormyDaniels 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
1) don’t limit AI strategy to IT strategy, go broader, 2) focus on revenue growth over cost reduction, and 3) apply AI throughout the business ... #AI #Strategy #AIWinners 
When abortion logic is consistently followed... 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
God Admits Humans Not Most Impressive Creation 
@DonaldJTrumpJr @DonaldJTrumpJr What about this money you got. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
@SalfordUni_PCH '1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via @sprint 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via 
What an embarrassing spectacle at @CNN 
To all you Bernie lovers..hope you’re wealthy! 
Cowboy style that’s at home on the range and in the city. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
New Gun Debate Flash Cards Get You Through Arguments With Speed And Efficiency | 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Please, please, please...pleeeeeeze!!! 
Targets Credibility... 
@prolpo @tangibleunknown This was an article 
It's true. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
If I am President I will make this the law of the land. 
“Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean” ... And somehow this was only the third most evil plan executed that day 
@drdave1999 @mmpadellan @simplyjustbeing It just keeps coming!!! I guess Trump was telling her all about 2 Corinthians. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
This applies to all @gop Senators... 
Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
@ImperialDemo @kubethy @HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Did you know IMF blocked loans to Ukraine because billions $$$ disappeared? 
Too funny. Best one I've heard in months! Nothing like a little humor to lighten up a very serious issue. 😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣 
San Jose has largely missed out on Silicon Valley largesse over the years. So it's especially notable that the city is still treating Google's version of HQ2 very carefully. Great story from @realrobcopeland &amp; @malas_n -&gt; 
Must read from @TedNordhaus: "In the real climate debate, no one denies the relationship between human emissions…&amp; a warming climate. Instead, the disagreement comes down to different views of climate risk in the face of multiple, cascading uncertainties" 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn| McGurn made a funny! But he’s wrong, again. McConnell IS EVIL. 
Not all business models are equal. This piece by @konradputzier in @wsj details the differences between tech and real-estate startups, including capital requirements and risk profile. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. Come to Florida! 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Is Trying To Win Election 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
McConnell is complaining that he can't block witnesses in #ImpeachmentTrial READ THAT AGAIN! Majority of both American people AND #Senate want to hear why @POTUS should be impeached, and @senatemajldr is upset that he can't BLOCK THESE WITNESSES #Shame 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Electronic trading platform #MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find: #ESG #bonds #GreenBonds #trading $MKTX 
#Medicaldevice stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed to maintain momentum. via 
‘Black Wave’ Review: Islam Against Itself 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
So Stunning and Brave Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
Local homeschool mom Cindy Breyers has a morning routine: get up at 6, read Proverbs 31, read fourteen other chapters of the Bible, make coffee, and finally, go out for a quick morning jog with her 18-seat jogging stroller. 
@MsBarcaOfficial @Aleifuu @japantimes • *the link to the national stats is all in Japanese ^ 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks Poor babies. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Real-estate veterans say the sale of late tech entrepreneur James V. Kimsey’s home sets a new bar for prices in the Washington, D.C., metro area. via 
🤣🤣🤣🤣 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Female directors and actors in the Islamic Republic are pushing the limits of censorship and consolidating creative control on both sides of the camera. 
This is a good read by @SuneEngel. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts 
@CoryGardner Apparently, Cory's reelection is more important than the republic. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the #EiffelTower via #Competition #Amazing 
@Timcast Nancy Pelosi announced Thursday. that the articles of impeachment will now just read, "ORANGE MAN BAD" in giant letters. 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
. - A Made-in-China Contagion. The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
@briebriejoy Why didn't you support the candidate with the most diverse, most working-class coalition in 2016? 
🤔Hmmm... coincidence? This from @BabylonBee, just a short time after my tweet! 😂 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe Remember when you were banned from working in the securities industry because you're a little rat who was part of a pay to play scheme? 
@ProperOpinion Second-best article ever right here... 
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected area. #JakartaLangitBiru #JakartaLangitBiru 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
#Nike Site Sells Out of #Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death - 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Meet ‘Chet.’ His Employer Knows What Time He Woke Up Today. via Graphics 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via 
Great move @MittRomney -Sure Dems accused you of tax evasion, letting a woman with cancer die&amp; torturing animals, but SURELY now they'll love &amp; respect you-Groveling bitter slug...GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
CNN and Ignorance. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, concedes McConnell 
ROFL Joe Rogan!! Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
@seanhannity trump is DONE. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@BigbeeJack @BernieeSanderrs @CNMneews It's these people! 
Give us a break....unreal...GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Opinion: Schumer Talks, Senators Walk #video #news #klout 
@thehill Too late. There will be witnesses. 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Sek LIES! "Laura Cooper testified that her staff received an email on July 25 from Ukraine’s embassy staff inquiring about the nearly $400 million in aid to the country" 
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
Does Hell have room for all these lying hypocritical evangelicals? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Hey @brianstelter and @CNN, care to comment how it feels to be owned by a satirical site? 
Breaking News: GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@jevvyfresh Ayo can we somehow @ all these twitter politicians that be regurgitating information they got off 
Phones That Can Read Your Mind 
“Not since World War II has the coun­try seen deficits dur­ing times of low un­em­ploy­ment that are as large as those that we project”. 
Mag asked six luminaries about silence. @BillieJeanKing takes time each day to be silent &amp; reflect to keep her centered &amp; sparks creativity. Visualizing success was critical to her win in the famous tennis Battle of the Sexes. She continues to inspire! 
Distressed Clothing: Offensive or Just #Fashion? #fashionblogger 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
They said it wouldn’t work. “Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet.” via 
lol i'm dead 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses, per @wsj 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS American taxpayers would like to see an audit of the @federalreserve. Private banks created the fed in 1913 and have monopolized US currency. #EndTheFed 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
The editorial page - which has been a toady for Trump - says #BoltonMustTestify 
Flash Boys in action 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
"Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career" via 
"Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians" BTS 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Good that @SecAzar is leading from the front but all this will be seen as indecision in retrospect if the cases in the U.S. increase significantly or if screening fails at even a small rate. 
"If the frequency of one's foot is out of alignment with the Earth, the entire body will suffer." 😂 Revolutionary New Insoles Combine Five Forms Of Pseudoscience 
Big antitrust investigation starting as Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger - 
I wish @3days3nights was still on here, he had an interesting 98.6 Thread... Anybody still have it? 98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore - 
President Trump Declares His Most-Trusted News Source 
my brother will have some nice presents for me this yr 
: Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Six Days in the Senate: How Democrats, Trump Team Tried the Impeachment Case @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
@giantbunnylove @HillaryClinton I understand your skepticism in this age of rampant fake news, but I assure you this kind of hard-hitting reporting cannot be found elsewhere. 
I grew up with VeggieTales, this is priceless! 😆🤣😹😂 
#ImpeachmentHearings Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Don't worry @brianstelter. Your job is secure. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Hardware resurgence in face of shift to services... #BCNMI #DigitalEmpireBuilding 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Trump got Putin's gospel on his chin. 
The SEC has identified some strong practices in cybersecurity it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch @JimRundle writes: via Cyber #emailsecurity #TrustYourInbox 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
This might clarify the Bolton/Barr exchange re Ukraine: Bolton Expressed Concern to Barr About Giuliani Work Being Linked With Government Probe via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Dog Takes Pilgrimage To Holy Site Where It Once Found Rotisserie Chicken On Side Of Road 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
: cdc59bef-a8ba-43b9-802c-f55788082453 
BOOM! via 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
"Don’t bleed into the guacamole." Super Bowl fans try to avoid avocado-related injuries. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Everyone Loses on Huawei - 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
cybersecurity cyberattacks cybersecurity cybersecurity 
As Jane Raskin addresses Senators about Rudy Giuliani, it’s worth noting that she appears in this celebratory “Team Trump” photo posted by Lev Parnas Uh, oh Private Photos #WitnessesAndDocuments #TrumpAbuseOfPower #TrumpObstruction ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ @GOP 
4D chess In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
@AngieMongolia According to this, the Taliban didn't shoot it down, just recovered the bodies at the crash site (according to the Taliban). And the Pentagon isn't saying how many people were aboard or who they were. So...yeah. A mystery. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 21, 2020 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Best AKlo takedown ever! 
Opinion | A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
. ⁦@limbaugh⁩ addressed this issue today and his analysis is far better. Shut the trail down ASAP. Have a summary judgment vote for acquittal tomorrow. What the media or Dems won’t matter in the least. Anything less than this is beyond foolish. 
@TonesHyus @EsotericCD Really? HMMMM.... I thought Trump was a Republican? I thought that Trump's first two terms both the House and the Senate were controlled by Republicans.... are you telling me that isn't true? 
Why is this news? @michaellewis wrote about this a half decade ago. And what was done about it... 
: d410a03c-6b99-4a86-9b8b-5959bab59cde 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology: 
#Commodity traders are being cautious as #crudeoil and #copper prices slumped amid heightened fears that the spread of the #coronavirus could erode demand in #China which is the world’s largest consumer of industrial #commodities via 
TPG in Talks to Split With Its $33 Billion Credit-Investing Arm: #PrivateEquity #TPG 
Yes, Trump wanted to share the Gospel with Stormy, Jim. He wanted her to say "Sweet Jesus," alright... 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
More Unborn Babies Disguising Themselves As Baby Yoda To Avoid Being Aborted 
Heirs no longer want to inherit furs, once a sign of wealth. Estate planning has to be customized. 
Even the relatively sympathetic reviewer sees "The Age of Entitlement" as a piece of nostalgia for the era when other races were at the bottom of the social pecking order. Richard Aldous on “The Age of Entitlement” by Christopher Caldwell. 
The professor, Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health about his participation in China’s Thousand Talents Plan 
Not a pretty picture. 
Girlfriend's Cat Choked A Little 
Smoooooth 
The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses This might get interesting. 
"McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses," reports. This should be interesting. 
⁦@COsweda⁩ Note acknowledges “Is­rael has un­prece­dented sup­port from the Gulf Arab states, which are united w/Is­rael against Iran &amp; have grown tired/Pales­tin­ian re­jec­tion­ism.” Recalling when you were only 1 to foresee such possibilities. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) | 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
A fascinating new case in the U.S. Justice Department's investigation into Chinese espionage at U.S. universities: @Harvard's chemistry chairman, a pioneer in nanotechnology, is charged with lying about Chinese government funding. via 
More racism in action by an administration that does not know the meaning of compassion. With these criteria, most descendants of Europeans in the US. Shame on the Trump administration. Compassion, justice and peace for all—no exceptions! 
Court reverses stay on Trump Administration plan to make legal immigrants who draw from social programs ineligible for green card Why so surprising? Law said this for &gt;100 years. 8 U.S.C. Sec. 1182(a)(4). 
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. via 
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial 
This will make it easier for Germany to follow suit. 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says 
All Democratic hopefuls would increase Taxes Stifle Growth Make your life Harder Economy will return to days of Ex President Zero and worse Worse of All are Sanders and Warren Economic Nightmare The Tax Increases to Come 
The is reporting that Mitch McConnell is telling Republican senators that the GOP doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week (satire) 
The Impeachment Soap Opera has been picked up for another season! @RealDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @parscale @Scavino45 @MariaBartiromo @IngrahamAngle @trish_regan @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @JudgeJeanine @PrisonPlanet @dbongino 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
For those dying to short 30s. consider this (no pos) Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields Yield caps would be a cousin to quantitative easing From &lt; 
Survivors Mark 75th Anniversary of Auschwitz Liberation 
ZERO of my friends (outside of Twitter) and/or family is watching this farce... ZERO, ZIP, NADA. Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via 
The 'Bee owns cnn every day LOL 
Can't have the American people picking candidates and winners of elections now, can we? 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
I knew it was too perfect! 
A return to functional institutions, from the parochial to the prestigious, at the scale of the country as a whole seems pretty impossible to me. 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Poorer #Bangladesh Outpaces #India on Human-Development Indicators. Indian society is intolerant &amp; heading towards fascism under the leadership of fascist Indian regime via 
Once again the Babylon Bee completely fails at satire. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@eevanoff @LouiseTash @ASavageNation Agreed, but Mike Savage didn't say illegal. He just said immigrants. Even if he meant illegal, the ruling doesn't mention illegal. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Arconic considers job cuts due to Boeing 737 MAX production halt: - 
got to talk to the always-wonderful @DianaHenryFood about her new book, From the Oven to the Table, and why simple cooking requires building yourself a good larder: 
Discussed New York's Student Loan Mediation Program with @AishaAlMuslim of the : #StudentDebt #Bankruptcy 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Real estate startups find benefits in gradual growth -- 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Feels about right. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
#Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His #MiddleEastPeacePlan. Makes sense given #Iran went badly and North #Korea didnt work out that well. Besides, India didnt give any importance to his plans for brokering peace in #Kashmir either... 
🚨 : Gardner, McSally &amp; Tillis "warned" against hearing from witnesses b/c "a drawn-out trial could lead to more Democratic attacks and hurt their re-election chances, the people said." #cosen #copolitics #azsen #ncsen #ncpol 
Back in the good ole days when we killed each other with stones, clubs, swords, catapults and the like! 🙄😆 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Hmm he’s not familiar with A2?? Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
@AndyOstroy @BillTzamaras I really enjoyed this satire. Good job 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' *When democrats think this publication is real 
Users of social media have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” (冠状病毒) with “government official-shaped virus” (官状病毒)—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. @Lingling_Wei 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor -- "Mr. Romney retreated to the Republican cloakroom after the staff member appeared gently to chide him." @lindsaywise is on the case. 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas via 
'There Are More Than Two Genders,' Tortured Employee Forced To Say In Darkened Room At Google Headquarters 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
...GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@NSEIndia @BSEIndia @ProsaicView @suchetadalal Are these the high end Chitra Ramakrishnas and Subramaniam Anands ? Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Sekulow: “How are we supposed to get the proof of what’s in the president’s head?” he asked. You call Bolton and ask him what @realdonaldtrump said as to why he put a hold on the aid! Dumb ass 
Omg, no! 🤪 oh, ! 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston via 
Biden Tax Plan Raises Most Money From Top 0.1% of Households, Study Finds via 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
And I thought Amazon hated competition! 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says 
"We’re just going through the motions here, we all know how it is going to end, so let’s at least try to keep it brief.” - Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Great piece by @jensmith on micro-fulfillment featuring @HeadlineMediaPR client, Fabric! #Startups #VentureCapital #StartupNation #Robotics #AI 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN | 
@BernieSanders Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He's Trying To Actually Win Election 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
@clapton_god @kathy_markovich @Heather75379192 It's a parody site: 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
@MarshaBlackburn "Mr. Bolton is a central fact witness. The story is incomplete without him, and his testimony could prove crucial. He is respected among conservatives, who know him from Fox News; he was U.S. ambassador to the United Nations." 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners #cnn #donlemon #mediabias #babylonbee 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East. 
Say what you like about Hillary, but at least she is practical! #HillaryIsGuilty #HillaryForPrison 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Senate Approves Rules for Third Impeachment Trial in U.S. History #video #news #klout 
Ukraine wouldn't even spread this Russian talking point but a U.S. Republican Senator will! 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - 
U.S. Signals Crackdown on Counterfeit Goods Sold Online - 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@WatchingWhatYou Sorry ..... Trump is sitting on 100 Million in campaign cash as we post. No, this is more bullshit from Kevin McCarthy, a known felon who took foreign bribes to cover up Trump's criminal betrayal of the USA. 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Must read: #coronavirus Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
@MichealConraoi Well of course. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
@SenTedCruz The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
#WR: The delay allowed the disease to spread rapidly as medical staff took fewer precautions. One patient with coronavirus reportedly infected 14 hospital staff members in Wuhan. " via 
@marcorubio @senrickscott Florida demands #WitnessesAndDocuments Florida demands #EnforcedSubpoenasAndTestimony Florida demands you #ConvictAndRemoveTrumpNow #PenceKnewImpeachHimToo! Florida will go Blue and Unseat You! 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts 
I second Jesse's take on the existence, and timing, of 
@ibrahimpols , 2009: "Rattner, was one of the [Obama] administration's wealthiest officials. His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million." 
Maker of Hit Podcast ‘Serial’ Explores Sale 
There is something positive you can do with #fur products from the past #ditchfur #banfur 
On One of the Last Trains Out of Virus Epicenter #video #news #klout 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Supervisor Encourages Interns To Take On More Responsibilities Of 3 Full-Time Staff Members 
With search success in mind, fashion brands are picking increasingly complex names 
A lost generation of skilled #Workers: "#furniture makers used to dominate the economies of places like Hickory. But the industry shed roughly 250,000 production jobs from its peak in 2000" #FreeTrade #outsourcing 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Following the FOMC meeting tomorrow, Fed chair Powell will once again hold a press conference. A recent paper says these events have helped boost the public's awareness of the central bank, even as most folks are still unaware of what Fed is up to. 
@emuirhead @JasonSCampbell @chrislhayes This literally is from the . 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Reformed Man Deeply Suspicious Of Any Book Less Than 200 Years Old | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Keep an eye on this #mergersandacquisitions story: Spotify is in talks to buy sports and pop-culture outlet the Ringer, as Spotify seeks to gain a stronger foothold in the podcasting world. Remember, Spotify bought Gimlet last year. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
That time when The Bee went ‘all in’ trolling CNN 
This Week's Editorial Cartoon: "PBS Snooze Hour" 
Boris’s Huawei blunder will come back to bite him. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
You can’t make this sh!t up! 💩🤡 'tRump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
@TheDaniel_Ray GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
I spent years of my life fighting terrorists in the ME. I'm glad to see President Trump taking such a proactive approach to find a peaceful solution. It's time for Palestinians to reject the extremists who wish to harm Israel, USA &amp; fellow Palestinians 
CNN and Ignorance - CNN is arousing the ire of conservatives for a segment in which a network host and two political pundits giggle as they make fun of the alleged ignorance of Donald Trump and his voters. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign This bit on CNN was truly disgusting. The only thing more reviling was #SchiffForBrains commentary about the Trump Impeachment defense. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
This generation of NBA players always wanted to be Kobe. He was their MJ. 
@Rainbow_Stew_HA @CarmenL81408515 @michaelgriffey1 @brithume "Profit for CNN totaled $1.2 billion in 2018, according to a person familiar with the matter, the most profitable year for CNN to date." Correct, they were not #1; however, $1.2 billion is nothing to sneeze at. 
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall 
The U.K. will allow Huawei to build parts of the country’s next-generation 5G network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration for a boycott over security fears. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Dang it! How many times do I have to repeat myself!? IT IS A SEMI AUTOMATIC SLING! NOT AN AUTOMATIC SLING!! SHEESH!! ;-) After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
This man is way past 10 days &amp; 2weekend followups! This right here is also th reason for the separation of the church and state was established by our forefathers! Time to put these fake Christians back in their closets &amp; never let them govern our country 
@TrumpSugar @TheTemmaTheHun @yankeepirate247 @DectiveSamSpade @ShlomoIndiana @Politinfo @DigiVorr @GOPCrimeFamiIy @annableigh @gobbledeegouk @JimHaf @wilkimom @alshadowdancer @Apritions @shinobi_tony @Grandma_Boom @donnnie @PersevereEver @laylow88861429 @Turk187187 @PwrCane1 @BobC7000 @BigTev300 @CunningMarshal @calijeff1 @LibertyBella9 @SpaceForceBravo @KKatMiss @dennismm59 @dbongino @Bennus_H @gorillastyle @OriginalQ10 @TourguideJ @yancey_todd @Wrong_way_down @JaysonFloyd @JoeKidd1992 @HouseOfJames2 @loramckenna5 @BrooklynPrivat1 @Goathead19 @AbrahamAlyzah @ReaperGrim18 @Alawnguy @OurTrilLife @2tall2fall4it @SBDSoultrain @annsmith1955 @Sahara_Stevens Unfortunately the has to be an element of truth to make sarcasm work. 
Here you go. @BobLonsberry @fud31 @GannettAlbany @kilmeade @JesseBWatters @greggutfeld @JimmyVielkind @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @BretBaier @KennedyNation @EmilyCompagno 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
damn the almost looks like an actual website again good job kinja 
Oh the absurdity 😂 
Outraged!😡 
@realDonaldTrump Well we see you doing something. I guess all of your bones have spurs. 
⁦@AmitShahOffice⁩ US Supreme Court allows “implementing rules that make it easier to deny limited-income immigrants residency or admission to the U.S. because they use public-assistance programs or might use them in the future.” #CAA_NRC_NPR 
Our democracy hangs on by the thinnest thread... | : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #TrumpImpeachment 
Interesting piece on Venezuela and how/why the US has been so far unsuccessful in their ‘regime change’ attempt there... How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Just read Frustrated Gunman Can’t Believe How Far He Has To Drive To Find Nearest Planned Parenthood Clinic in @Pocket: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission is developing voluntary guidance for company oversight of blockchain-technology projects, reports . 
How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy #video #news #klout 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
"The Justice Department is discussing with farmers and retailers the potential impact of such a deal on milk prices and competition in the dairy business, as Dean explores asset sales after filing for bankruptcy." via #dairy #farmers #livestock 
This is Today's Pump by the FED. All Going On Daily Since September 2019... What is the FEDs EXIT Strategy? Anyone? Wish it would get shared... Fed Adds $84.7 Billion In New Money To Markets 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Wait, what? 
India prepares to sell 100% of national carrier Air India after earlier attempts to sell smaller stake fails via 
Amazon Scoops Up More Warehouse Space on Staten Island 
Maybe nature is trying to wean the Chinese off their appetite for wild animals. Or maybe the message is aimed at human meat eaters in general. (No, I’m not a vegetarian ... yet.) 
YOU BET! Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
@AmadahyD @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
@TheJoeMarino @amazon Amazon turned into eBay without telling anyone 
I need to hire one full time. 
"The Quack Attack is back, Jack!" 
Currently the news reporting on this crucial point is conflicting 
» MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
Motorcyclist Who Identifies As Bicyclist Sets Cycling World Record Thanks to 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | ⁦@GovMikeHuckabee⁩ 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. vía 
Report: 87% Of Americans Unaware They Have Been Chosen In Later Rounds Of MLB Draft 
@StormyDaniels, you are both astute and funny and I look forward to your response to this absurdity :) 
I mean.. I scream OH GOD sometimes but it sure ain't spreading the gospel. 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
😂😂😂🐝🐝🐝AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
For more exemplary journalism, visit 
⁦.@RepAdamSchiff⁩ Wise move by Senate! 👇 Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Tech That Will Change Your Life in 2020 - 
All-time favourite gem from 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Film Character Moves Into Beautiful Brooklyn Brownstone After Getting Dream Publishing Job 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions. This is critical in stopping judges from overreaching in decisions and handcuffing current and future administrations. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Now planned for Wuhan-ANC-ONT 
“The #Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.” #rates #money #economy 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
The government published photos of Mr. Li, wearing a face mask and swaddled in blue protective gear, as he toured medical facilities in Wuhan In one image, he appeared to be speaking through a walkie-talkie to a patient on a video screen 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed 
With 36 hours of arguments on the Senate floor behind us, a break down of what Democrats argued and how the White House rebutted those points: 
if the democrats are warning the people then the democrats already did by this SMEAR CAMPAIN against the president 
Clever! Elizabeth Warren Opens Casino To Help Finance Campaign 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@LeaderHoyer @JECDems Or their crappy jobs record. 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
@LishaChiffon @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Here is the corruption!!!! 
@AliceAvizandum There's just a certain innocence about this one 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Arconic Considers Job Cuts Due to Boeing 737 MAX Production Halt &lt; Fallout from the 737 MAX grounding is landing a lot wider than just Boeing. 
: Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
#PuppyBowlXVI is upon us. While it's cute let's not forget the controversies of Puppy Bowls twelve and thirteen. 
@manyapan Dunno ... I'm under the impression that sex education is poor in China and many people don't know how to properly use contraceptives. But maybe I'm wrong. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - “Israelis will say ‘yes’ or ‘yes, but,’” Mr. Miller said. “Key Arab states will probably say ‘maybe’ in order to stay on the right side of Donald Trump. Palestinians will say ‘hell no.’ ” 
So long, Times Picayune!! 
Good! Because he DID abuse his power and he DID obstruct!!! I hope he gets what he deserves! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
U.S. drugmakers are shipping antiviral drugs, including HIV meds, to Chinese health authorities to see if those work against the #coronavirus @JaredSHopkins - ht @ScottGottliebMD 
Which reminds me: 
The Hidden Dangers of Automatic-Payment Apps - by @K__McAllister #Apps 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Too soon? 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
A research that is 10 years late... via 
Couldn't make it through the first episode. 
President Obama Nominates Canaanite God Molech To Supreme Court 
$JNJ CEO Gorsky testified today for the first time in court regarding litigation over the safety of the company's talcum powder, @Loftus reports 
We all just listened 2 your lame ass speech. Everyone can tell when u r reading a speech from the teleprompter. Words not your own (actual “grown up big words”) b/cuz u sound like u r on drugs! EXCEPT when u go off script &amp; the “idiot Trump-speak” surfaces 
Evangelical Leaders Ask #Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During #ImpeachmentTrials Impeachment Proceedings. A bit of a parody and uncomfortable but it kind of hits home with the disingenuous attitudes of the money takers. 
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency 
@RichardGillam7 @kitkatmom_md @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Unbelievable that trump would assert “no casualties!” 
Here's a hospital pass if ever there was one. Interesting to see if his boss visits ground zero. Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting &lt;TimeToStormTheCastle&gt; 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
#IMMIGRATION/FINALLY/High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
This is laughable, a charlatan talking about an immoral idiot being godly. 🤣🤣😂😂🤣 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump It's the way of human nature since the days of the Savannah and it ain't gonna change anytime soon. #trolling #TribalPolitics 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero | 
@thehill Trump should wear double depends tonight. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
@jaymarriotti @michael_loomer @bacchaus351 @FlyStatement @S_a_r_a_h_____ @Thomas1774Paine @FluffsterP @realDonaldTrump @DilleyShow And Canadians flock to America for medical care. 
In Major Deal . . . Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN! 🐝Sting! 😂😂😂 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion via 
John Piper Gently Informs David Platt That Everyone Knows About 'Secret Church' | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Current mood: 
Dual endorsement of @ewarren and @BernieSanders by a big union local: Are joint endorsements a thing now? This one makes more sense than Warren - Klobuchar. via 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct - 
@almostjingo "Beijing has denied any systematic effort to steal American scientific research, and Chinese state media have called U.S. allegations of intellectual-property theft a political tool." Does ANYONE in the US with half a brain believe this?👆 
With minority government, Trudeau will have to resort to deal-making to pass USMCA and ensure its enforcement. @wsj 
Not a great week for Harvard. 
@paddy12725650 @Rabberoonies Anybody remember when a US trade deal would lead to hormone and steroid-filled beef and how it would harm us all? Whatever happened to those complaints, I wonder? Oh, look.... 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers by @jensmith 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via 
@SenRickScott During his tenure as chief executive, the company defrauded Medicare, Medicaid &amp; other federal programs. Dept of Justice ultimately fined the company $1.7 billion in what was at the time largest health care fraud settlement in U.S. history. 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via Fact is Nothing Stopped Financial Aid to Ukraine...Complete #FakeNews @CNN to Fool US Voters... 
@_E_W__ @SenTedCruz Did Christians pray for this part? 
Canada's ratification of Nafta, or USMCA, "won’t be a rubber stamp. It will get passed but there will be bumps.” 
U.K. Allows ⁦@Huawei⁩ to Build Parts of #5G Network, Defying ⁦@POTUS⁩ - via ⁦⁩ $ 
ALL RINO's that don't vote to shut this sham down had better be voted out of office ! They are a disgrace to the Republican Party ! Time to step up the game Patriots, This will be the last chance we have to save our Republic. D-Day Nov 3 T- 9+ Months 
‘While US quibbles over crumbs in tariffs &amp; fails to see macro global developments, UK &amp; EU cut $B deals with China.” #UKHuawei ‘China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite US security concerns 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😄 
At Nehemiah Manufacturing, over 80% of the workers are formerly incarcerated. To support them, Nehemiah hired Social Workers to assist those facing obstacles outside of work. 
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during #Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said #Iraq via 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims via 
C'mon now. You know this is funny. 
Ttrump's defense tteam are doo doo wwith out wwitness 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker The Gospel of Pussy 
@PoisonedMarine @MatteoGioA @ChuckCallesto Democrats being Democrats 
"Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners" ". . . Later, Lemon and the geese went out for lattes and studied geography." 
@ChampionMtager @MarshaBlackburn Counterpoint: 
Well well..... #ImpeachmentHearings 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
Prosecutor at a news con­fer­ence out­side Ep­stein’s for­mer Man­hat­tan res­i­dence: “To date Prince An­drew has pro­vided zero co­op­er­ation.” ⁦@coryramey⁩ 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
On a recent long distance flight, there were a few passengers walking around #barefoot , one even using the lavatory barefoot which I thought was really unhygienic. I didn’t realize this was a phenomenon until reading this today. #flyingbarefoot 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than well-being of its people. via 
» Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
On This Day In History: January 23, 1924 
So all along Trump has just been spreading the Good Word, not his seed. 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
Most adults I know don’t want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? But roast it and it can be delicious. 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession 
Grocery Pharmacy Woes. #healthcare #career #employment #resumewriter #careercoach #ConfidentCareerMoves 
: 39459f8f-a06f-4f99-bc2c-4be5257999d4 
Corona Virus may shave off about 1% point off China's 2020 growth rate 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@sandikpa64 @sodangfancy22 @DeporableDeb Ask yourself why Jared didn’t want anyone to know his ties with Soros. His loans with Saudi Arabia played a big part on why we are now supporting the culprits of 9/11. But keep hating democrats 
Weird! 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
: Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
Mercenaries from Russia and Turkey continue to flood Libya despite a Western-backed cease-fire. 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via 
Submitted without commentary. 🤣 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
@RepMikeJohnson The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
From opinion: The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s “wet markets” once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
@UrLocalDaddie @DigiVorr @Shav1962 @CRKittle @annableigh @Flattielover @VetResistSquad @QDecoder @donnnie @TaraCam74631745 @HouseOfJames2 @phil_mckraken @ReaI_Patriots @CunningMarshal @PersevereEver @gorillastyle @Politinfo @TrumpSugar @DanFoc77 @Hildolfr3 @akvawe66 @calijeff1 @QuidRises @misshellcav2 @DavidMo62241953 @TiredOf_UrCrap2 @RGanley @WindsorTrader33 @zaharias19 @SumiNemo169 @alterhan @PhilipEMSkinne1 @Pittstock @DectiveSamSpade @288talk @scenic_route819 @J_man63 @dastevedaver @DrSMDHdaily @Visitor22 @NavyVetResister @GSquirrelPatton @americanationa1 @NoFacebookForMe @ThereseOSulliv2 @USNavyMomPA @amvetsupport @VetResistsTrump @SadieTNResist @NightlyPolitics If you want to know what Mexico thinks read the NYT's. 
I dunno how, but these non binary individuals just keep getting better 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal workfromhomeonline entrepreneurs onlineincome 
@RealCheezed @SpringSteps Nope. 
In defending Trump, did the editorial board just lie? In today’s opinion piece they said ‘the U.S. aid [to Ukraine] was delivered on time”. Seriously? 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
The global auto industry has an outsize footprint in a central Chinese province you might have heard of called Hubei, and that's likely to cause problems for GM and other carmakers as the coronavirus shuts down all economic activity there. @berlindiary 
Oh, Murgatroyd! ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,’ Explains Jim Bakker 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings by Richard Murray Fanatacism(thetenner10) 
EVERYONE TAKE A LOOK AMAZING NEWS If this is true and it seems to be, McConnell doesn’t have the votes to support no witnesses! 
@ewarren @SenWarren @SenSanders @BernieSanders @JoeBiden Integrity....you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
"...Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp., Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc. are now calling for new laws on a range of issues—even though some have worked to torpedo others designed to restrict their activities." 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Weird But True: If You Put Your Ear Up To The New Joel Osteen Book, You Can Hear Dozens Of Tortured Bible Verses Screaming In Pain | 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@Vandalay_Inc We are done ..Just for now! One more thing read and learn and stop history fraud 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
Between crappy manufacturing numbers and record high, CRIPPLING debt... How can you call yourself a conservative if you support the Republican Party? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@Steel94010 @FxFusion @realDailyWire @emzanotti @tedcruz “No evidence lobbied state dept”. The firm that hired him (Blue Star) did per “Prosecutor not going after Burisma” not according to Solomon’s investigation. 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Live Updates: Follow our analysis of President Trump's impeachment trial in the Senate 
Standard. 
Senior #Harvard professors can make $1 million per year in outside consulting/speaking income, on top of their $450k salary. Given the influence of Harvard profs and conflicts of interest, the public deserves full transparency on all their outside income. 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Why is it so hard to realize value from #AI? Why do some efforts succeed while many more fail? These organizational behaviors are key 💫 via  👉 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Fare thee well Eli Manning 
Some TikTok users told us their political posts get more attention than their non-political posts, and the app has seen a rise in 2020-related videos. Now, experts fear TikTok could have problems w misinformation &amp; disinformation ahead of the election. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@hwhittenwrites Reminds me of this article 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
#ccp is everywhere. #CCP_is_terrorist 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
__www.wsj.com/articles/trump-defense-team-to-close-arguments-complicated-by-bolton-reports-11580215229 _wsj.com/articles/trump-defense-team-to-close-arguments-complicated-by-bolton-reports-11580215229 #Here #Come #Witnesses 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
A growing number of Americans are concerned about their data privacy. On this #DataPrivacyDay, I support @GOPLeader and his call for new data privacy laws in our country. 
Many such cases! 
New tool to help us reduce spending and stay within our budget... @Visa Offers New @DaveRamsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero #taxtwitter 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
I would bet good money none of these people regularly rides public transit. 
He wasn't fucking her, he was sharing the Bible with her. 🤔🤔🤔. Guess we now know what they call it 🍆🍆🍆. 
Embracing passion and knowing your customer's needs can get you ahead in business. 
@KingTeridax @Twitter san actually has this if you update your app 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 21, 2020 #sarcasm # 
My op ed in tomorrow’s Wall Street Journal on steps we should take to prevent epidemic spread of #coronavirus with #FDA collleague Lu Borio, formerly of the National Security Council. opinion 
Time to laugh! 
On-time arrivals, fewest canceled flights and lowest rate of involuntary bumping made the difference for Delta via 
@KyleClark @SenCoryGardner Well we know where @CoryGardner stands now... #copolitics #cosen 
Dog Takes Pilgrimage To Holy Site Where It Once Found Rotisserie Chicken On Side Of Road 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
All this time I thought that "sharing the gospel" meant you were talking about the teachings of Jesus. Turns out that "gospel" is code for penis. This clears up a lot of things. 
Northam said that we could have a better idea what the founders would have thought about guns, but sadly, "they did not see fit to leave us a document by which we might guard our country."' | 
Today, Team Trump announced an unprecedented surrogates operation for the #IowaCaucuses! Our Caucus Day operation is just a preview of what is to come in 2020. There is no stopping us! #WellOiledMachine 
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would 
I guess there's some impeachment thing --oh man! I almost forgot: it's taco Tuesday! as soon as I get off work, I'm going to get some delicious street tacos for half-off. I can never decide b/t carne asada &amp; pork. Ugh--aw, who am I kidding? I'll get both😂 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via 
On today's podcast, @The_Kyle_Mann &amp; @AXECOP discuss: - Media hypes up a white nationalist rally - AKA - a peaceful gun rights protest - Bernie staffer promotes USA gulags - Pelosi joyfully hands out pens to celebrate a somber day of impeachment LISTEN: 
Gorsuch Torches 'Cosmic' Injunctions - 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@Floortile_99 @Reuters Biz insider: : again: 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal | 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
CNN Reporter Informs Iranian Protesters They're Supposed To Be Shouting "Death To America" | 's take on Iran tumult. 
I feel personally attacked. Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
more of a nightmare... MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen"" @cspanwj 
While nationalism may be a dirty word among elites in Switzerland, the nation-state remains the most successful vehicle for advancing liberty, economic advancement and individual achievement in the history of the world, writes Richard J. Shinder 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach (Wall Street Journal) 
$KR Kroger-Backed Lucky’s Market Files for Bankruptcy 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
: Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
.@MattWirz from makes the case for #REIT stocks amidst falling bond yields. Read the full article: $WPC 
Local Mother Immediately Regrets Asking For Parenting Advice On Facebook | 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 👇LIAR LIAR LIAR.👇 
The 62nd annual Grammy Awards will take place this Sunday, Jan. 26, honoring the best artists, albums, and songs from the past year. Here are ’s predictions for the 2020 Grammy Awards. 
Welp we are all screwed.... 
Citadel Securities can trade again in China after brokerage’s unit pays $97.6 million to resolve probe of trading practices from 2015 via 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
With the influx of public protests in Iran, the Iranian government is working to find ways to prevent future protests and find ways to mend the situation at hand. #cherribi #zohor 
@MalaikaJabali @emmigauche I basically agree with this sentiment: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
Interesting comparative stats re China and Mexico. The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
#Democrats’ War on #Fracking Will Cost Them in Battleground States - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
There is fear, uncertainty and resignation in #Wuhan as Americans await a government evacuation flight out tonight. Many are forced to ask the tough question: do we go or stay with our Chinese families? Our dispatch: @jamestareddy and @Liz_in_Shanghai 
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
@Reuters GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
To succeed, #AI must be central and integrated to overall business strategy via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Sure. We're endorsing two candidates now. But that's just the aperitif baby. If two candidates is good, and three candidates is better, obviously five candidates would make us the best newspaper that ever existed. Comprende? 
Just say 'NO!' 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
@cthulhu4america It feels like just stole your bit, somewhat...😅 Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Don't even need to read this bullshit article won't let me read for free,headline say it all - what I been sayin bout this country,home of Ghengis Khan,Wuhan,Dark side of the moon,we do not know real history of Ghengis Khan,or China. 
Really?! 🥑 🤔 Super Bowl Means Guacamole—and a Spike in Avocado-Related Knife Injuries. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose | 😂🤣 
Veterinarian Wishes Owner Would Just Let Dog Answer One Goddamn Question 
Babylon Bee stays focused. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) | 
I attempted to form a cogent argument opposing this new law, but thus far, I'm completely stumped. 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO - 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Physicians ages 40 to 54 experience a higher rate of burnout than older or younger doctors, according to a survey of over 15,000 physicians. 95% of time used to be spent with patient-now it’s spent with computer.⁦@SeemaCMS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak #CCP #China 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent #Sepsis Deaths via #healthcare #TechForGood #workfaster #thankyou 
U.K. bows to Huawei which will -despite a huge U.S. lobbying campaign - be allowed to build part of the country's 5G telecoms network. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via 
: d078d287-57fe-4ed4-a0fd-381f6d010d2b 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
@AreekaFranklin thinking about this article while i continue to listen to this absolute bop 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
markets: Here are some of the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Tuesday’s session 
Satire Tweet 2 () "Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony" 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Kobe Bryant Was Michael Jordan for Today’s NBA Players - 
J&amp;J had tried to keep its CEO from testifying, arguing that Alex Gorsky had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders via 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton book wouldn't be impeachable 
LVMH Sales Powered by Fashion, Leather Goods - Wall Street Journal 
The U.K. will allow China’s Huawei to build parts of the country’s 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession via 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world 
Books to snuggle up with all winter long: From the newest in fiction, to the classic reads we can’t put down right now. Here’s what the . staff is reading right now. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
High-Yield investors holding on to positions and treasury bond rally pauses after coronavirus fears mounted the past week: via 
Trump Promises U.S. Will Continue To Recognize, Preserve Palestinians' Historic Refugee Camps 
@RepAdamSchiff HERE THE CORRUPTION - 
Buckaroo Banzai has finally found the Eighth Dimension! According to televangelist Jim Bakker, Donald Trump has saved Stormy Daniels soul by giving her $130,000 to rescue her from the adult film industry! I can hear the theme song closing the show. 
In her off-camera life, actress Zazie Beetz is a vocal sustainability advocate and lover of natural skincare (she’s a spokesperson for True Botanicals). She even makes her own shea oil body butter and whips up kombucha.  
@andsoitis825 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Trump bankrupting our country. This is winning? 
Yeah! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial #MAGA #TRUMP 
Snort... - once again, the Bee scoops the major media outlets... 
@RepAdamSchiff Adam, where is the ICIG Michael Atkinson’s testimony? Why won’t you release it? Also Joe Biden had no conflict of interest at all. Sure. 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
This is why we are writing a new book: #HeartDisease is striking more young, seemingly healthy adults as the @wsjhealth reports, highlighting the importance of early detection &amp; treatment to save lives &amp; hearts! #wellness #prevention #health #healthcare 
#BritishAirways Suspends #China Flights as #Coronavirus Spreads 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Arconic, another large industrial supplier to Boeing, is exploring staffing cuts and layoffs as production slows. The ripple effect of Boeing’s misjudgements continue. #Boeing #economy 
Some brides are increasingly opting for styles likelier to be found on a fashion week runway than in a bridal salon. They often wear multiple looks throughout their wedding weekends instead of that one picture-perfect gown.  
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond from the region. The country is canvassing investors this week to gauge interest in a $1 billion of bonds, according to a person familiar with the sale. @emsovdebt @RencapMan 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
So happy to see my unión @UNITEHERE11 endorse the only two progressive candidates running for president. 
Martin Shkreli, Associate Tried to Block Generic Versions of Drug, Lawsuit Claims 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Lizzo kicked off a somber Grammy awards, saying, ‘Tonight is for Kobe’ via 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child # #comedy 
@C_and_E This news just reinforces what @HunterLamirande touched on in his piece: 
@BigEasyTiger @kakarotprime69 @Timcast Nearly all of the democrat witnesses had no information relative to "Trump's impeachable acts"! Only one had first hand information, and he said no quid pro quo! 
.@CNN marries up. 
"The United Kingdom’s National Institute for Health and Care Excellence has rejected immunotherapies because they were too expensive, though it has had to relent in some cases after patient protests." #IPIHurtsPatients #ValueOurHealth 
Anarchy Symbol Updated To Appeal To Today's Teens 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak—While Others Stay 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
The European plane maker has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over their probe into bribery and corruption, lifting a reputational and legal cloud that has hung over the company for years. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Your daily Bee! 
Um, What church did Trump attend today? 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing #SATIRE Site CNN 😂 "We don't want them to change anything... They'll just keep churning out skewed content in order to satirize the leftist media's inability to report anything w/o bias or prejudice." 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via Loved some V.I. back in the day! 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
By gawd, is that Hunter Biden’s music I hear? 
Our #CPDP2020 panel on algorithmic regulation of transportation was covered in the ! 
The hypocrisy is astounding! #QuidProQuoJoe Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Workers with criminal records make up around 80% of the company’s about 180 employees—and Nehemiah has learned that offering a job to people trying to turn their lives around is just half the battle. #cjreform #secondchances #schoolsnotprisons #reentry 
A few hundred U.S. citizens will be evacuated from Wuhan. Many more aren't leaving, having failed to secure a seat—or having decided to tough it out. "I would consider sending my daughter…But I wouldn’t leave my wife." @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Editorial ⁦⁩ Coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies China health is understaffed &amp; less efficient that many think China tuberculosis rate still 3 times higher than Mexico... &amp; 20% fewer physi­cians per capita than Mex­ico 
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Update: per the @wsj McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop witnesses). And... scene. 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
"Gospel" is a euphemism for "male member" which is a euphemism for "penis"? Well, that fits with Jim Bakker's cheating scandal. He shared his gospel with other women, too. Poor Tammy Faye.😭 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei via 
😂😂😂 Rude Mother Fails To Put Baby On Silent Mode Before Church Service 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Why does this not seem too out of place? 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Opted to NOT have this surgery. Jumping into #chaturanga before I had the upper body strength for #ashtanga #yoga damaged my metatarsal twenty years ago. That’s why #mindful individualized #yogatherapy makes sense to me. @yogatherhealth @iayt 
@SiobhanFTB One of my favourite things about is how hard they went after Paterno and how they still haven'tnt let up years later. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Child Entertained For 5 Minutes By #Plastic Toy That Will Take 1,000 Years To Biodegrade #Trash #DisposableCulture #Capitalism #Toys #Oil #Environment 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
@realDonaldTrump The national debt and sustained federal budget deficits will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the CBO projected on Tuesday, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in federal spending. 
@donnasaysso @ambassador_roe @BethanySophiea It’s not a lie. Just Incase you still believe there was no good reason to oook into Ukraine’s corruption, here’s a timeline. 
:"The best kind of likability is the kind that comes when people are too afraid to speak up against you." Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
"Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep," said one Philistine woman with pink hair and several face piercings.| 
CIA Issues Posthumous Apology After New Evidence Clears Osama Bin Laden Of Involvement In 9/11 Attacks 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Well-it's about darned time!!!! 
This. "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" Dum-Dum-Dump-Drumph #CallWitnesses #FairTrial #SenatorsDoYourDuty 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. vía 
#Industry4.0 technologies continue to reshape the world, but how are business leaders capitalizing on the opportunities while managing their responsibilities toward the society? #ReadinessReport #4IR 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Microsoft Raises Stakes in Corporate Climate-Pledge Race #MSFTAdvocate 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
As @Airbnb prepares to go public, no doubt we’ll see more exposes like this: 
The wife cheerily gets all the kids ready, loads them all into the custom stroller, and goes on a quick 5-mile run around a nearby lake. 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
Well he ought to know, wonder if he even suggested passages? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
All-White Democrat Debate Mistaken For KKK Rally 
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling. 
@realDonaldTrump This is what evangelicals want America to believe. Look America this is what Bakker is trying to spoon feed us. Trump had a sexual tryst with Stormy to teach her about being Christian. Read and Retweet this. Spread this garbage to show hypocrisy 
OP-ED: "Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where #Pandemics Breed" | By Christian Walzer and Aili Kang for The Wall Street Journal Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the #Wuhan virus, as it was for #SARS in 2003. opinion #wildlife 
@KatDemocracy @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
So we are still evolving🤔 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG 
: 28f985a0-f704-4ea6-b6ac-228d6d9670e8 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight #lol #people 
Someone needs to refill the #prozac mister on the @msnbc set #woke #progressive @JoeNBC @morningmika @DonnyDeutsch @mikebarnicle @chucktodd 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
$IAC Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
The Wall Street Journal: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. via @GoogleNews 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians vía 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
This is what concerns Minnesotans from Nobles to Beltrami to St. Louis County—the fiscal strain of open borders. The Court made the right call for taxpayers as well as the Constitution. Issues like this illustrate why our Senate race is so important. 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore Deloitte’s article. Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows, says opinion via 
“I just don’t think you can doubt the power of love to change hearts and minds,” Bryan Stevenson says. The human rights lawyer, whose memoir is the basis for the film "Just Mercy," has devoted his life to fighting for the convicted and the condemned: 
Travel is also far more important now than it was to the much poorer, industry-heavy China of 2003. Tourism and related sectors now account for about 5% of China’s economy, notes Commerzbank, up from 2% in 2003." 
Of we could just get the right people to implement . . . 
🎼 You don’t have the votes Huh-huh huh, huh, huh 
Casual reminder that I hate Disney. I really really hate them. just got off the phone call and I'm hearing about Disney going around suing star wars fan creators.. 
Dumb @AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) Hey, @Snopes and @Politifact, I need your help on this one. It's , so probably satire. But I am not sure. 
@BreitbartNews Thank you @realdonaldtrump for removing "thou shalt not commit adultery" from the ' 9 commandments" #StableGenius #trump #Impeached #Imprison #trumpCrimeFamily 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@MetroKelvin @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower. Great example by another “mature” athlete. 
How shameful. The “conservatives” in Congress and the Administration are willing accomplices to the impending fiscal crisis. You have lost all credibility in your arguments for shrinking the size and scope of government. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
Blech. “The #CDC conducted ‘mystery patient’ drills at ERs in 49 NYC hospitals... In 78% of cases, the ER staff gave these patients masks &amp; isolated them quickly. Even so, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands.” ⁦@Betsy_McCaughey⁩ 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Open office plans, designed for collaboration, can make it tough for people to do any sort of meaningful, focused work 
Democrats should come up with a plan to counter this and run with it as part of the platform. The GOP ignores the FACT that the debt has ballooned. #NationalDebt #Trump #GDP #2020Election U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
lol! Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
When comedic satire becomes the news. 🇺🇸 @CNN @TuckerCarlson 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat I need one .. 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
@GavinNewsom @tedlieu @KamalaHarris @SpeakerPelosi He should try declaring it a sh*t free zone. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
SDNY Bankrupycy Judge Morris is making it easier for borrowers with financial difficulties to modify their student loans through negotiation, potentially reducing their monthly payments to amounts they can more easily afford. 
@sxdoc @BamaJaxx Meanwhile at the Senate; 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners | 
yeah YOU #LilSchitt ASSWIPE! the #LibCommies are going to tamper with it as usual! and no arrests! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@IngrahamAngle LOL. Up is down, down is up, eh? 
Roughly 100 people in the U.S. have been investigated for coronavirus after showing potential symptoms. Five of those were confirmed positive. 
Now I understand thank you Jim for that clarification “giving her the gospelI “ we now know what that means you old man , how much gospel have you been giving ?Together with giving her the “” gospel “ he gave her a check of $150,00 and NDA to not... 
If he doesn’t have the votes now, it’s unlikely he’ll have them on Friday. The momentum is against him. Lose on this at this late date, and it’s hard to pull it off. And as Pelosi showed in the impeachment delay, he’s been bluffing all along. 
Keep the pressure ON! Your calls and texts are making a difference! 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume Isn't this just disgraceful!!!!!! 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Let the witnesses speak! GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested on charges of lying about receiving millions of dollars in Chinese funding, […] a plot by Beijing to mine U.S. universities to catapult China to the forefront of scientific development 
About 2.5 more months to go for me, halfway there 
List available to minister to porn stars needing spiritual guidance from saints willing to save sinners in the adult industry. Calls on other Talabangelists to ready for war as the Archangel Michael calls on them to defend Trump against Satanic babies. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Clinton prosecutor Ken Starr: Impeachment is becoming too frequent 
@jason_a_w Wow dude went downhill after his breakdown 
@realDonaldTrump Nope! 
Thank God We Didn’t Have Written Language Back When I Was A Teenager 
: c30421b8-051a-4346-8776-dc958d58b3a6 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support #art #article 
Oh, for fuck's sake 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@SenSanders WE GOT THE MESSAGE AMERICA WILL BE TAX TO THE POOR HOUSE! 
This is merely the tip of the iceberg. Academia has got one helluva problem on its hands. 
New Pulitzer Prize To Honor Publications For Destroying People's Lives 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@okkie48 @realDonaldTrump @nytimes "The government will spend $1 TRILLION MORE than it collects in 2020 &amp; defecits will reach or exceed that threshold every year for the forseeable future... " Can we say TAX CUT SCAM?!! 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
The ‘Corrupt Purposes’ Impeachment - 
Wall Street Journal is reporting McConnell doesn't have votes to stop witnesses. 
Employers are paying attention to workers’ office-design concerns. A McDonald’s app lets staffers pick temperature settings, including “I’m comfy.” via 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
@FinancialTimes Who says freedom and democracy has nothing doing with economy and finance? Remember #China was arresting 8 people in Wuhan in December for spreading "rumours" about the #coronavirus, and keep the news from the public. 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters 
Liberals Say @BernieSanders’ Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He is Trying To Win Election 
@senatemajldr @ouchinagirl Yes, the Babylon Bee is satire, but the way things have been going, this sounds plausible. #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal 
Pretty much every recipe seems to work, and it's relatively uncomplicated: Cookbook author and British mainstay Diana Henry on her new book, ‘From the Oven to the Table’ via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For #TrumpFearsBernie Campaign worst journalist of the year Don Lemon 
And yet, people wonder why so many of us think that churches have become among the filthiest institutions going, right now. What Xtian is going to insist that we investigate people profiting from the feeble minded, the desperate and the oblivious?!? 
Azar's press conference lifts risk sentiment further this morning. US equity futures, US 10yr yield and #USDJPY now eyeing Sunday opening gap fills. 
National Sling Assoc. would hate this! 
NEWS: AbbVie, J&amp;J and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness. Those HIV drugs, protease inhibitors, are being evaluated for treating coronavirus 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid 
Trump Says Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israel, Palestine @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
Once Again - Parody Trumps Truth: Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Kobe Helicopter Didn't Have Critical Warning System, Officials Say 
#US sen. McConnell says #GOP doesn’t have votes to block #Trump impeachment Witnesses. coming up with the news. 
: New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
China’s Thousand Talents Plan is one of several tools China has been employing to achieve its S&amp;T goals, as well as gain an unfair economic and military advantage at the expense of US national security #China #Technology 
SARS Provides a Faulty Road Map for Oil Prices: 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
It’s shrunk. Getting bigger though. 
PERFECT!!! The NAILS it yet again! 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@oliverdarcy For its coverage, or for its BIAS, Oliver? Look, I know y'all had a bad MLK Holiday, but chin up! Another violent nutcase will surely emerge, and this one might even fit the "news" media's Grab Lobby agenda! 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Investors are trying to determine whether the #coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery: #GlobalEconomy #GlobalGrowth #GlobalGDP 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Ghosn and Fairness in Japan’s Legal System 
: 9a42fcc8-6f51-49af-b0c2-7f57d20964bc 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
@TomKibasi @EuphoricEuler Amazon pays taxes according to our screwed up tax code. We need to fight for an overhaul of the entire tax code. 
Mitch is a beast??? Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Parody! 
You hate to see this. But this is what our nation has come to. Trump did this to us. Where's the outrage? Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure 
That would have saved me some time: 
Update: #Democrat'ic Congressman #SethMoulton who ended his own short-lived presidential campaign last August, formally endorsed #JoeBiden's 2020 White House bid 
America deserves to know the truth. If you agree, contact your Senators and demand they vote yea on #WitnessesandDocuments. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The Grubers in the hinterland can't be trusted to make the correct decision. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Maybe this will discourage forum shopping to stop unliked policies. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
How Microsoft Tapped the Autism Community for Talent 
#N72EX Crash on 26.01.20 Summary of facts as of 28.01.20 at 1200 ET. 
New FOMC rate setting panel members likely signal increased consensus toward steady or decreasing targets for the prime rate. This could bode well for investments in #equipment and other #assets in #manufacturing and #supplychain management. 
@Curmudgeon75 @kathy_markovich @LoreyJeanene It's a parody site: 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Strong iPhone sales and disappointing services growth complicate the story following the stock’s big run. via 
😂 How many times has this happened with you? 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts. 
Report: 90% Of Waking Hours Spent Staring At Glowing Rectangles 
@cnni #FakeNews Bolton is trying to sell a book. Perhaps you should check with your sister network: 
Predictably, bored to tears by the impeachment proceedings, the honey badgers quickly fell asleep. 
Planters is evaluating its Super Bowl ad campaign featuring the demise of Mr. Peanut in a crash following Kobe Bryant’s death. 
“Thy rod and thy staff they comfort thee.” #TraitorTrump 
Over a year later and this “long-shot bid” isn’t seeming like such a long-shot anymore 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
What Babylon Bee forgets to mention is that when the Founders of the nation wrote our Constitution, there was no such thing as Republicans. That party didn't exist. So how could they imagine a Republican President. Such a presidency is unconstitutional. 
MSNBC Poll Finds Support For Bernie Sanders Has Plummeted 2 Points Up 
Proverbs 6:16-19 lists seven things which are also abominations: "haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked schemes, feet that are swift in running to mischief, a false witness who utters lies, and one... 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
@transportdata @schmangee This article was written for you 
FYI: Article on @barstoolsports / @PNGamingInc, from : 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via #3m #layoffs #restructure 
: EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review 
"Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial" #ImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentHoax #GOP #MitchMcCoverup @HouseDemocrats 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - 
Love it ❤ New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@arjunsethi81 fitting 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Time to #fixthedebt 
Satire, maybe?...Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@billygendell @briebriejoy Will you also undo @POTUS44 / @POTUS law forcing (extorting) other nations to discriminate on basis of citizenship? Under #FATCA foreign banks, terrified of US #sanctions for errors, increasingly denying banking to those w/ US indicia. 
...factories and millions in revenue. But also about running a small business, hiring people, and having a great business partner providing the perfect tool for business. 
Sanders Campaign Raises Pay To $700 Per Hour By Laying Off Everyone Except Bernie 
- '1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section :) 
Classic : "I Am Fun" 
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via 
"Wingstop’s $25 million deal to sponsor the impeachment trial was the best offer Congress received" 
Has anyone checked on #Beto? 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. via 
OMG, seriously?! Will this hypocrite now re-write his own history about Jessica Hawn too?! How stupid are the evangelicals to believe this?? Oh, yeah, they love tRump. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings - 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. I disagree , the house provided no due process , nor had any evidence to impeach! Just another reason to keep it all going indefinitely ! 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@CNN 😆😆😆😆🤣🤣🤣🤣 Getting dragged by The Bee!!!! 
😂New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit #satire #humor 
@CodyIsAGoodBoy @DLoesch Televangelist Jim Bakker is trying to convince his flock that Trump was just trying to share the word of Jesus with Stormy Daniels and that he gave her that $130k to help her get out of the adult porn industry. Calls Trump a saint. Pretty sad. 
.Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  
@ImikSabi @TwinklingTania If there actually was a significant sell-off the Fed could step in and buy up excess bonds to keep the price where they want. Here's the Fed admiting it can do this: 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects - Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year ,projected to reach 98% by 2030 - always blaming the tax cuts that stimulate economic growth via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
There will be people who believe this! 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
When US defaults on the dollar, then #bitcoin and #ethereum will 🚀🌔 
Congratulations @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr @GOP @GOPChairwoman @housegop @SenateGOP U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
@drmarkporter Japan gets things done too. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🤗. #McConnell #Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments. 
WASHINGTON—Slamming the campaign for promoting the popular podcaster’s backing, liberals said Friday that Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year 
Bing: just watch...tax cuts for wealthy that prevented funds from entering the government will be used to justify taking away services for the poor, disabled, and elderly. 
How International Auditing Rules Are Shaping Standards in the U.S.A: The head of the standard setter for company audits in 130 countries and jurisdictions says his organization is looking into modernizing rules on identifying fraud 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters #digitalhealth 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday Did we ever care about impeachment more than TACO TUESDAY? 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
: Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
I suddenly hear Eric Idle singing, “🎶Always look at the bright side of life!🎶” 
Book Review: Joseph Epstein on “Elderhood” by Louise Aronson. "Elderhood" sounds a lot like "Being Mortal" by @atul_gawande 
DA DA DAAAA! Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Dow Drops Over 450 Points on #Coronavirus Fears Oil, Europe equities slump as new infections are detected outside China 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan vía 
Man Regrets Wasting Money On College After Failing To Secure Perfect Dream Life By 24 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share. via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
This is great. "I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has” 
@KimStrassel via @BreitbartNews Congratulations to make America will save him. They call him into our agricultural product into office on their exports to make we 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via #GlobalStudiesKitsMiddleEast 
TPG in Talks to Split With Its $33 Billion Credit-Investing Arm 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
@listener_t Hit them with this 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
» In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@realDonaldTrump @JimBakkerShow @700club oh my goodness ! I laughed so hard I pissed my pants !! 💦💦 
: What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
@marknutter @Yair_Rosenberg @Susan_Hennessey For instance, here is an opinion piece criticizing Biden. 
@AmoneyResists They scratched the surface 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects THANKS @realDonaldTrump @GOP vote @DNC this time. Historically they keep that number in check. Just a Fact! 
: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” (Hopefully this headline is correct) 
@cnnbrk @WHO @CBSNews @AlJazeera @BBCBreaking @EuParlament @Reuters @VOANews @arirangtvnews @CCTV_CHINA Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via #China #Wuhan #coronoavirus 
So that is why Trump kept yelling, "Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Jesus Christ.. I'm coming!" 
Thiis really funny!! New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity 
The AR-15 was the deadliest gun ever made, able to fire over 100 rounds a day. The “AR” in it stands for “AR-15 Rifle” and the 15 stands for “50% more than 10.” The new AR-16 is obviously even more destructive, though. “Guns are scary enough,”😂👍 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
JUST IN FROM IF YOU BRING THE CORONA VIRUS TO CALIFORNIA GOV. NEWSOME WILL HAVE YOU ARRESTED AND PROSECUTED !!! 
Civil Whites Movement 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
So true. A must read for Conservatives and RepubliCans to understand 'progressive' Democ🐀🐁🐀 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Big year coming up for Sikorsky. via 
@Jack_Sanders1 @RadicalLib @RadicalLib You are not alone in discontent. 😉 
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’ / #work #biz #biztip #HR #management #startups #entrepreneur #cdnecon #economy #cdnlab #ideas #community #society #choices #diversity 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken | 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Bolton should be prosecuted for disclosing privileged information and the NSC employees at the WH should be fired and replaced for leaking Boltons Book manuscript Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports - 
Germany's chancellor in waiting shares her plans to make Germany great again. Also, she talks about God. 
@IslandGirlPRV Trump's cuts: $1.5 trillion from Medicaid $845 billion from Medicare $25 billion from Social Security Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
As long as the #DNC overlords don't deploy this cultural death star, #BernieSanders is a shoe-in. 
@GranadosCeja She’s calling him an “unelected figure.” The national assembly is legitimately elected, which is why Maduro is moving against it – that and he wants to bring in foreigners to run the oil industry #cdnpoli 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance - a comprehensive insightful look at today in history by ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ &amp; ⁦@siobhanehughes⁩ 
is spoof "News" article. This one is rather good 😏 
this is actually believable 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The Company of Second Chances @RSimon18 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
“...entire drugstore industry copes with a shift to online shopping and shrinking profits in prescription medicines, which often disproportionately affect smaller players.” via #YangGang 
#Industry4.0 technologies continue to reshape the world, but how are business leaders capitalizing on the opportunities while managing their responsibilities toward the society? #ReadinessReport #4IR 
They won't get 20 votes no matter what. A colossal waste of our money and @mittromney and the other clowns should be ashamed that they gave in to their liberal masters. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
#workforcedevelopment has an increasing footprint in the nonprofit world, but reentry programs are less common than upskilling. While this is about a for profit company, there's a lot here that NP's can emulate. Plus, what a grea… 
Mitt Romney was busted for bringing a bottle of BYU's famous chocolate milk on the Senate floor. He put it in a glass and that was OK. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America This is troubling. Their PET Brand makes Carolina Peach Pie Ice Cream which is to die for! 
@JamesHasson20 @MZHemingway The BB is so close to the truth 
Awesome! Hey, Bakker, I don’t believe in god either. Do you think you can get trump to start a program to pay us all $$$ to get our lives back on track. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,” Explains Jim Bakker | 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Jesus!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
"... if immediate action was not taken, it could be too late to stop the spread of information." Less satire, more the core principle of #onlineharms policy 
What a fucking jerk 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus via 
Haaaaa! Love the Bee! Wilson Powell Andrea Kaye Don Neuen Janice Tripucka 
BaHaaaa!!!!! *its satire* 
Virus Sparks Soul-searching Over China Wild Animal Trade 
The Gospel of a John protecting a John: 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
What do my fellow social scientists think? #AcademicTwitter #AcademicChatter 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Private-equity-owned gastrobar Bar Louie has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after closing 38 restaurants and arranging to sell its remaining locations to the chain’s lenders. 
📰 "U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump" 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them #Coronavirus 
"No thanks, I don’t need an infectious agent to have fun." 
@Jak_Riemer @mchooyah I read The , The Times, and my local paper daily and then a smattering of other stuff. Honestly, I have problems believing you read the Journal daily if you’re touting ridiculous Burisma conspiracy theories that The has debunked a half dozen times. 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish #Bolton #Impeachment #Trump 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
Tech-Focused Private-Equity Firms Pursue Billions as Sector Deals Rise - see more 
🚨 “GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump.” 
@realDonaldTrump Hey fool... Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
The world is being crazy! 
@realmisterz03 @Neil8Rohrer @MomentoAnima @realP06o @SimonShark @krys10iam @MsMariaT @GovMikeHuckabee @realDonaldTrump @maddow Here's the data 
Can John Bolton win? Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Barely satire, at this point. (They did actually use stress balls &amp; spinning fidgets to relieve boredom!) 
““There are neigh­bor­hoods which don’t want poor peo­ple mov­ing in, neigh­bor­hoods that don’t want rich peo­ple mov­ing in, and neigh­bor­hoods where they don’t want any­one mov­ing in,” Mr. Weis­brod said.” 
“Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel. related 
McConnell tells his caucus HE DOESN’T HAVE VOTES to block witnesses. 
Should Chinese spies ever be allowed to walk our streets again? 
Officially the most accurate news source in America. 
SCOOP from @SuzanneKapner: New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Schiff is out of his mind. Correct, we the people will elect the President not you Socialist Democrats. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. yes they will vote ? 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row #humor # 
: b10ed427-dabf-4bf5-a9a5-42974679494d 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses SNAKE IN THE GRASS AKA MCCONNELL. 
We can watch Fox News ourselves and draw our own opinions without any CNN biased input thank you very much. CNN only proves its own incompetence for journalism. CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
1/2 @SenRickScott is so close, except for the facts. @JoeBiden encouraged #Ukraine #PresidentZelenskiy to fire their former prosecutor, #ViktorShokin, who was complicit in the corruption. #SenatorRichardCranium needs to do better research. 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Today's Front Page of The Wall Street Journal ( via @Newseum #TFP 
@ryangrim : Buttigieg deputy cybersecurity chief Raul Velez Jr. “said that his experience working for Mr. Buttigieg showed him that political campaigns were toxic and populated by 'ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.'” 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker . . . How Hilariously Ridiculous 
Daily reminder #seattleshooting 
Babylon Bee 😜 
😳🤯 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Looks like a few Republicans are going to cave on witnesses. DemocRats get their way and the trial gets dragged out for weeks while the country suffers. The @GOP needs to end this sham of an impeachment trial NOW! #Trump2020 #KAG 
Sounds like a fun way to spread the gospel think I'll start spreading the gospel. 
He's solved the crisis! 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag 
@MaineMartin3 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
There is no lie the @GOP KKKristian Klan won’t tell to rationalize their pathetic pig messiah. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker your choice America: trumptainity versus Christianity 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Senate Republicans have been put in an awkward position on what to do about a longtime ally, smart story by ⁦@nataliewsj⁩ and ⁦@siobhanehughes⁩ 
"The tally of deaths and infections from the spread of the new coronavirus mounted in China on Friday—with authorities canceling large public gatherings and locking down more cities—as the second U.S. case of the virus was confirmed." $NNVC $INO $NVAX $BCR 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
And the is now cancelled. 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says (via @aosipovich) 
@LauraDrawsStuff It’s very this: 
I'm dead.... 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Meanwhile @nspector4 asks about #JuanGuaido and #cdnfp: [Another Freeland foreign failure?] "#Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner, an administration official said" 
"Look, if you want to be likable in politics, you've got to be willing to fight for it, and maybe kill for it," she said. 
A public option isn’t Medicare for All, but it will still bust federal budgets, hurt patient care and gut private insurers, writes @lanheechen 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies vía 
@SenSchumer News Flash 🙂 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Hahahahahahaha!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Man Tries Using Pink 6-Pound Bowling Ball To Great Amusement 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout, by @catherine_lucey 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. 
6. Watch the battle between the US Commerce Department and the US Department of Defense, which currently disagree on how to approach a containment strategy for Huawei: 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
Toomey suggests witness trade at GOP lunch 
Guess why the economy hasn't tanked yet. 
“plot” “The chair­man of Har­vard Uni­ver­si­ty’s chem­istryde­part­ment was ar­rested Tues­day foral­legedly ly­ing about re­ceiv­ing mil­lions in Chi­nese fund­ing,in an es­ca­la­tion of U.S.ef­forts to counter what of­fi­cials say is a plot by Bei­jing” 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial Tomorrow could be more interesting! 
Baptist Church Security Detains Man Trying To Smuggle Tambourine Into Service | 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@ChaosKilledtheD @wesinjapan Lol. called you out! 😂 Trump stands with racists because he is a racist. Bernie getting a racist to support an anti-racist agenda is a GOOD thing (unless you are against said agenda). 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
@Keysfins @CivMilAir Yep. but didn't realize the "chartered" planes were military. 
#Breaking If the #Senate calls John #Bolton as a witness and #Trumps blocks him, that would plunge the #impeachmenttrial into uncharted legal territory #Diplomacy140 #QuidProQuo #UkranianScheme #Giuliani #LevParnas #GOP #AmericansDemandWitnesses 
Okay this is funny, I don't care who you are!!! #2A After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
The micro fulfillment center is a trend I'm watching closely. These will completely change the way we view on-demand e-comm. How quickly will retail adopt? Will smaller companies turn to a local 3pl or new micro fulfillment? #SupplyChain #logistics 
Maybe they will learn some Journalism...🤣 CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
#socool .. was slated for closure .. GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses is mind boggling to see the low that these politicians will stoop too to possibly keep their jobs. They are everything every joke has ever said about their character. 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣SUPERB SATIRE! 
Trump Titanic News Flash. Impeachment done, next stop Conviction in the Senate. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | . Speaking of fragility, intolerance and ignorance of history. 
investigations editor @michaelsiconolf has shaped so many high impact stories. Today on #TheJournal, you get to hear him and @Scheck tell the wild story behind Jeff Bezos' allegation that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman hacked his phone 
SEC Market-Surveillance Project Hits Snag Over Hacker Fears Brokers cite concerns that they could face costly lawsuits if database is breached #cybersecurity #cybercrime #databreach #business #DataScience #cyberthreats #fraud #cyberattacks #AI #technology 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Could it be that @taylorswift13 is now fighting for relevance? 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. ⁦⁦opinion⁩ Doctors are wear­ing pon­chos be­cause they lack haz­mat suits. Vil­lage clin­ics are ra­tioning face masks. 
(Although In fairness to Chris, yesterday in covering the impeachment, he impressed me by basically admitting that Hunter Biden’s dad may or may not be the frontrunner or the best to take on Trump and that it actually may be Bernie) 
Beauty Industry Exec Keeps Photo Of Crying 15-Year-Old Girl On Desk To Remind Himself Why He Does This 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Republicans are scared they know they don't have the courage to stand up for the truth, USA and justice so they will continue to protect the guilty that betray America for greed, money and power 
@MrsZeefles This is relevant: 
⁦@POTUS⁩* did say he’d run the country like he ran his businesses. 🤷🏾‍♀️ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is the biggest political mistake this country has ever made. And we are going to pay for it. #NationalDebt #ButHerEmails #ElectionsHaveConsequences 
@MoveOn @BernieSanders moveon should apologize 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
Letting go with @KraftHeinzCo - company will discontinue some low-selling or unprofitable products: (h/t ) #foodindustry 
ISRAEL&amp;mdash;Archaeologists claim to have found King David&amp;#39;s "Make Israel Great Again" hat. The post Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat appeared first on . 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Bloomberg’s Views on Marijuana Out of Step With Democratic Field - 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
