Apple Is a Hedge Fund That Makes Phones,0
#Health: #Unhealthy: 98.6 #Degrees #Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore Human body has changed over time, new study shows,0
@MsPackyetti 90% of office thermostats are dummy boxes,0
The British regulator has concluded the overdraft market is dysfunctional, with major banks having aligned overdraft rates around 40%. My last story for 👇,0
#BritishAirways Suspends #China Flights as #Coronavirus Spreads,0
The Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas,0
Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Workforce,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via @tim_cook,0
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses My friends in our retirement community seem to think that in the end, the Republicans will stand true to form and cave to the Democrats. Every RINO needs to go start a new party of wishy washy turncoats.,0
Can John Bolton win? Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president,0
#GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses:,0
It was in response to concerns about the spread of avian influenza that the EU imposed a ban on wild bird imports. Let us hope that the outbreak of this virus will also result in a permanent ban on wildlife trade.,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to and from mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread. #coronavirus #BritishAirways #JohnDalyNews,0
Hong Kong Stocks Slump, Catching Up to Coronavirus Fears -,0
There are always some Brits on charter flights, especially on the return leg walking around with bare feet and displaying their fat/ugly barely covered bodies, some even going bare foot in to the toilet.,0
The Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads -,0
@shawnstrange71 @KaitLouiseWalsh @wpri12 Articke is accurate. Not all US citizens who wanted to leave could. Sure, they were evacuated by the govt. but more US citizens who wanted to leave could not.,0
: e25a63d5-9537-4be6-9240-9695ab72ef51,0
I think Bolton is a MAGA but yes we should hear what he has to say GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to and from mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread,0
It's not hawkish, it's the only one that makes sense right now: #Germany Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
There is something positive you can do with #fur products from the past #ditchfur #banfur,0
Research from 4 American universities concludes that user tracking increases the income from ads by 4%. For 4%, #GAFAM are trampling over the privacy of hundreds of millions of users. Is 4% extra revenue for ad companies worth our democracy &amp; freedom?,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses Hey @senatemajldr @SenateGOP @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz We demand witnesses and relevant documents be introduced into the IMPEACHMENT trial. Unlike @realDonaldTrump we can handle the truth. End the COVER-UP.,0
British Airways cancels all flights to China as the deadly #WuhanCoronavirus spreads. It says the flights to Hong Kong, where the city’s leader refuses to close all border checkpoints with China to control outbreak, will continue.,0
News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Beijing takes steps to shape narrative after negative comments over government’s response to deadly outbreak keep circulating on social media,0
: 6ad528ff-5fce-4af8-9c9f-7f0fe88be03f,0
@realDonaldTrump You didn't fire Bolton, he quit. Can you be honest about anything?,0
Wallstreet Journal covers one of Tech's little secrets: everyone is reading your email! &gt; Letting employees read user emails has become “common practice” for companies It is time to decentralize mail again...,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread via,0
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. - Wall Street Journal,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
: 0709ea57-637c-4a95-8cbc-f905d55e72f3,0
Management guru and Harvard Professor, Clayton M. Christensen, knew that the leader's job was to achieve results, but her greater responsibility lay in leaving the world better than the way she found it. #businesspurpose #ESG #21stcenturyleaders,0
#BritishAirways said it had canceled all flights to mainland #China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread. #BanChinaFlights,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
"With Russia and Turkey actively seeking to undermine European security, and the U.S. shifting to a more distant and transactional posture, AKK believes Germany’s situation has changed in a fundamental way." Liebe @spdde, wann werden wir aktiv?,0
Here's a #mustread link posted last week See the rest at,0
Be careful out there this weekend 🥑🔪,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
It’s bigger news than a continent being on fire… British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread,0
: aaacbdc5-430b-4664-b547-05f450d2247c,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread via,0
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers,0
British Airways became the first major airline to cancel all flights to mainland China as the U.S. State Department flew 200+ diplomats and citizens from Wuhan to Anchorage, en route to Southern California. Today in coronavirus news, by @StephanieAYang.,0
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a "perfect storm" of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei,0
What are US plans for quarantine ⁦@SecAzar⁩ #coronavirus orig­i­nated. Aus-tralia, Wuhan prov-ince of Hubei. will be quar­an­tined in a de­ten-tion cen­ter,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
U.S. Targets Phone Companies for Allegedly Aiding Robocallers,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down,0
Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Workforce,0
EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review,0
Amazon Scoops Up More Warehouse Space on Staten Island,0
BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist,0
#BritishAirways said it had canceled all flights to mainland #China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world,0
: 3113b916-5800-4c2c-8a0b-7ddecd19be68,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct”,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus,,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians,0
? ⁦@SecAzar⁩ Will US do so soon? British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world,0
they know the #Palestinians will never accept the #KushnerPeacePlan. Brilliant. #Islamophobia #AntiSemitism #Apartheid #IsraeliApartheid 3/3,0
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei,0
Fair to demand an affidavit of Guarantee/Responsibility from Judges of Hon.Courts who announce such experiments in society ? What goes on in a Judges head when he decides to set a Terrorist free in a society which is already living in #fear @RanaAyyub ?,0
British Airways Suspends all flights to Mainland China as Coronavirus Spreads. (cc to @MoCA_GoI ) @narendramodi,0
Bond Rally Takes Breather Despite Coronavirus Fears:,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish:,0
你鹦 先行一步British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world,0
It’s exactly what lunch should look like.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses This might get interesting.,0
We talked to Blair Underwood about how he drew inspiration for his role in the play “A Soldier’s Play” from his father, how it compares to playing Othello and why he thinks the play makes so much sense in 2020.,0
British Airways cancels all flights to and from mainland China as coronavirus spreads and governments begin evacuating citizens,0
People don’t want campaign ads for President Trump or Michael Bloomberg in the Super Bowl, a poll said, but here’s why they might be a smart buy anyway.,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world,0
Serious question: How many Iowans are in Paris?,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world,0
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads,0
British Airways cancels all flights to and from mainland China as coronavirus spreads and governments begin evacuating citizens,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
@AlanDersh I found this article from the in 1999 that explains the phrase “high crimes and misdemeanors” by Gary L. McDowell. This contradicts your argument doesn’t it?,0
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via,0
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers ⁦⁩ #NYC #NewYork #NewYorkCity #RealEstate #Housing,0
@Julie82902847 @CharlesVanCott @evansrc717 @Larry007Legend @WattzzD @PPPTCE @8BrianVogel4 @ruxcytbl @xXGeJaMoXx @Searchingforth8 @allbikesbiker @_Fat_Nixon @Vote_Trump @side_show007 @Larryputt @jack_pyro @KLHirst1 @TyDonevski @McginnKeven @thomascarolan12 @davidf4444 @Scotsman_Drew @holycrap37 @ForgottenSaint3 @eleanor70001 @USApaTriot58 @Fueldog1 @Kmanaman3 @spiralwrap @Duwayn55629746 @MarlaHooch2 @someotherperso3 @TC1776 @ClayMMA1 @KeecoWang5 @GemmaTorrent11 @MayorOfTwitr @wasthatholly @IHaveGodsFavor @StillFreeSCOTTY @Judge_Knot @SonOScrutinizer @jewls2245_gemma @Bobbitor1 @DennisH59386592 @vlotorto @FxAxMxBxA @lockrousseau @freedom_gal @seniorveteran You can thank me later... It took all of 20minutes to find THIS... IS neutral enough for you... Or do you want to research THEIR FINDINGS FIRST (doubting THOMAS),0
@joncoopertweets @BernieSanders Bernie did not rein in his supporters in 2016 when they were getting out of hand there is no way he's going to do it now. He's too much like Trump. They both operate from the opposite ends of the extreme crazy spectrum.,0
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt ⁦⁩ #CRE #Retail #RealEstate,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth ⁦⁩ #CRE #RealEstate #Multifamily,0
BREAKING -- @senatemajldr doesn’t have the @GOP votes to block demands for witnesses.,0
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game ⁦⁩ #Miami #Hospitality #CRE,0
Starbucks Closes Half of China Stores Amid Coronavirus Outbreak,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides ⁦⁩,0
Wuhan virus outbreak linked to wild meat consumption, as it was for SARS in 2003 #CoronaOutbreak,0
A wet market is a market that sells fresh produce. Fish, vegetable, or even farmers markets are :wet market'. The wildlife trade must end, but to demand abolishing these markets? Just clean it up. Science doesn't make racism fine.,0
Hong Kong-listed stocks dropped sharply on their first trading day after the Lunar New Year break,0
@lauferlaw @Teri_Kanefield BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses,0
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD,0
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections,0
Trump's Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House,0
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Afghanistan Crash,0
LVMH results hit a new record high, capping a decade of uninterrupted revenue growth -- each year setting a new record. via,0
GreatFireChina: To avoid censorship, Chinese social media users have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state.,0
The Fed Pretends to Listen -,0
@theuncomforta13 @DebraRinehart53 @MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump It was Clinton. Did you forget the collapse was due to housing. Clinton thought everyone should be a homeowner even if they could t afford it. He gutted regulations and encouraged Fannie and Freddie to lend to everyone,0
To avoid censorship, Chinese social media users have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state.,0
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
@TheNortelGeek @MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump It was Clinton that caused the collapse. Bush had nothing to do with it.,0
Hong Kong Stocks Slump, Catching Up to Coronavirus Fears 📰 »,0
@MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump No, it was Bill Clinton. It was the housing collapse that caused the great recession. Bill Clinton decide everyone should be a homeowner. He gutted government regulations and encouraged Fannie and Freddie to lend to anyone.,0
@nytimes This is a manmade disaster. We are not going to forget how #China was trying to cover this up in December. They arrested 8 people for spreading "rumour" about the virus. Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing was responsible for an initial lack of transparency:,0
Managing the psychological contagion from Wuhan may be the most important task for U.S. policy makers, writes @HolmanJenkins via,0
Wow another six months of fundraising .... oh and collusion to get rid of trump - McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Devon Archer / Hunter Biden / Burisma — Follow the Money as it Flows back to the Pockets of Obama White House Officials.,0
U.K. Watchdog Warns Banks on Taking Action Against Overdraft Pricing #FCA #banking,0
@MailOnline We are not going to forget how #China was trying to cover this up in December. They arrested 8 people for spreading "rumour" about the virus. Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing was responsible for an initial lack of transparency.,0
6/ Last weekend in an interview with @wsj ’s @ericsyvlers &amp; @sarah_mcfarlane Eni’s CEO Claudio Descalzi said that he will step down if convicted of corruption in the Milan trial.,0
The NTSB recommended to the FAA that a terrain awareness system should be mandated but the FAA failed to act via,0
Everyone Loses on Huawei -,0
: U.S. Targets Phone Companies for Allegedly Aiding Robocallers,0
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during #Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said #Iraq via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Telia Swings to Profit,0
SEB Posts Forecast-Beating Profits,0
This is a serious investment from one of the world's largest banks. There are still many challenges with quantum computing, but Goldman thinks it's time to "get in early." Will be watching where this goes. #Innovation #Future #Tech,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via,0
markets: The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 187 points as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data,0
markets: Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. Shares rose 2.3% afterhours.,0
markets: Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis,0
markets: The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
markets: The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020,0
markets: Investors are waiting for more information before evaluating the potential economic damage from the coronavirus’s spread,0
markets: The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
markets: The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game,0
markets: Strong results from United Technologies’ core aerospace business only highlight unanswered questions about its merger with defense company Raytheon.,0
markets: China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
markets: Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.,0
markets: If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would,0
markets: Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients,0
markets: Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle,0
Trump’s Defense Says Democrats Have Failed to Make Impeachment Case - The Wall Street Journal -,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Targets Credibility...,0
: dde65242-b7ca-4d87-a508-043253b365c6,0
Reasons Abound for Markets to Worry About the Election - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news,0
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news,0
Chinese Authorities Rush to Build New Hospital to Contain Coronavirus #video #news #klout,0
Opinion: Schumer Talks, Senators Walk #video #news #klout,0
On One of the Last Trains Out of Virus Epicenter #video #news #klout,0
TikTok?! Clout-Chasing Millennial Learns About Memes and More #video #news #klout,0
How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy #video #news #klout,0
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings,0
Iowa Voters in Obama-Trump County ‘Open-minded’ About 2020 Election #video #news #klout,0
Opinion: Senate Impeachment Trial Extends the Progressive Democrats' Agenda #video #news #klout,0
Opinion: The Democrat's Impeachment Case Could Set Dangerous Precedents #video #news #klout,0
Three Americans Die While Fighting Australian Wildfires #video #news #klout,0
Ground Zero for China’s Mysterious Virus #video #news #klout,0
Senate Approves Rules for Third Impeachment Trial in U.S. History #video #news #klout,0
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to REIT Stocks - The Wall Street Journal,0
1/28 #TrumpFails In a mtg with Senate Republicans, Mitch told them he doesnt have the votes to stop an effort to call witnesses in Trump's trial Calling &amp; writing is working. If you have a GOP Senator, keep it up &amp; let them know witnesses are necessary,0
Growth-oriented investment firm General Atlantic has collected more than $3.33 billion in fresh commitments spread across two investment funds.,0
'Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science' by @charlesmurray via,0
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets,0
Private-equity firm TPG and its $33 billion credit-investing arm are in talks to part ways, with each going it alone in the increasingly competitive world of private investing.,0
: The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a "terrain awareness" system that could have provided information about the mountainous area in which it crashed,0
: Amazon is expanding its warehouse operations in New York City as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to customers in the area,0
: “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
: A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy,0
Opinion | A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe,0
In her latest book, “From the Oven to the Table,” British cookbook author Diana Henry celebrates the set-it-and-forget-it ease of sheet pan dinners and their brethren,0
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands.: Wall Street Journal MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web:,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses. Jesus Christ! For God's sake no president in the history of the free world has ever amassed and thrown aside every foundational law of any democracy. And still, Republicans expect to eliminate witnesses?,0
Thing is that, despite the fact this ad is made with no good intentions, it still lands. This is how weak Biden's candidacy is.,0
@OWKINscience featured in for our collaboration on @MELLODDY_IMI along with @Bayer Thrilling to see #federatedlearning making the headlines!,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via,0
Top story: U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - see more,0
You don't have the votes, you don't have the votes. 🎶🎶🎶,0
How Cognitive Technologies Can Transform DSNs #BigData #businessanalytics via,0
Jordan Roseman, 50, never intended to become DJ Earworm:,0
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - The Wall Street Journal #realtimerecruitment #sap #SAPSE,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
: 3147d1bb-0ebc-4232-9df6-47ad67fbcc0e,0
She’s 75, And a Step Ahead of Her Competition - via @instapaper,0
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them,0
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
“The long-term goal is to enhance “human performance via brain-machine interface.””,0
New York Court Rules Prosecutorial Misconduct Commission Unconstitutional - The Wall Street Journal,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth: Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.,0
“most obvious way to see if this money has been spent well, is if the infrastructure is working. Are we seeing rail, roads, being completed on time?”   train from Nairobi to Mombasa was an example of a project that has faced revenue generation problems.,0
Don't you think, @kenthomas you could have done better with this report by pointing out the facts surround Joe Biden's involvement. Reporters like you are the problem. We need Reporters not parrots. Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
Master criminal, Trump and his friend Benjamin Netanyahu, also a master criminal, have a piece plan. The plan, TAKE LAND. Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via,0
Casino operator Penn National plans to take 36% stake in Barstool Sports; incl. ex­cl. rights to use Barstool brand in its sports-bet­ting prod­ucts. PN would pay $135M in cash/$28M in stock. Deal val­ues Barstool at $450M. (⁦⁩) #SportsBiz,0
Meanwhile, among the IIF’s sixteen-country sample, collective interest costs have climbed from $1.6 billion five years ago to $4.3 billion in 2020 Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future  ,0
: 5f16cfc9-0a32-423d-8f03-c474626b03ef,0
What a fuckwit. ⁦@HonTonyAbbott⁩ “He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world . . . in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does.“ #auspol,0
Deserted streets. Closed shops. Wuhan, the city at the center of a deadly coronavirus outbreak, looks like a ghost town.,0
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science: Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective. Via:,0
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future   In the decade through 2019, debt levels in sub-Saharan countries excluding South Africa have risen 23 percentage points 09-DEC-2019 :: Time to Big Up the Dosage of Quaaludes,0
@ScottAdamsSays Re #coronavirus the person you were asking about is Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, and they are explaining now:,0
@GroundsEyeView @SenTedCruz Ignorance and stupidity gets you the government you deserve but I hope your logic is a super minority come November,0
@realDonaldTrump Only Conservatives understand Capitalism and the economy. The Left is ALWAYS wrong!,0
Rick Perry to Step Down as Energy Secretary -,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses - This will blow-up in their faces, like all the other Wile E.Coyote moves they've made so far. I wonder if they realize the defendant gets to call his witnesses too? Bolton is just the next Mueller flop to be.,0
Tweet storm to ensue Tmrw 🙄,0
@realDonaldTrump The national debt and sustained federal budget deficits will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the CBO projected on Tuesday, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in federal spending.,0
@GOP pissing away our future. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Old #rulers are afraid of the growing group #young people. Uganda installed camera’s everywhere ‘to fight crime’. #Worrying, as China can experiment there with facial recognition #cctv,0
Williamson Backs Yang in Iowa, Says Sanders, Warren 'Would Make Spectacular Presidents' via,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via #BodyTemperature,0
it might not fly, but this plan has one thing going for it (that the #EU won't like): it clears the air from the custom of expecting different behavior by the two sides, both during negotiations and after. @vtchakarova @RobertMCutler @amlivemon,0
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via,0
Santander Profits Beat Expectations via,0
Watch the Trump Impeachment Trial,0
Hong Kong's stock index dropped 2.5% on Wednesday morning, the first trading day after the Lunar New Year break, as investors assessed the spreading Wuhan coronavirus and its impact on global growth. With very nicely-chosen photo. @srussolillo,0
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling.,0
Bhakts &amp; Arnab fans are jumping over Kunal kamra not been allowed to travel in Indigo &amp; Air India But Bhakts forgot their papa Modi was only one banned from US for years for 2002 Gujarat massacre. #BoycottIndigo #BoycottAirIndia #kunalkamra @kunalkamra88,0
Wuhan University of Technology gave Mr. Lieber more than $1.5 million to set up a research lab in China, according to the complaint. The school also agreed to pay him a $50,000 monthly salary and offered about $150,000 in annual living expenses...,0
@JZarif @Pontifex @POTUS @VP This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani -Iran was at war for freedom.,0
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - #wuhanpneumonia #coronavirus #nCoV2019,0
: 367087b6-bdc9-47b3-a740-a84d251bfd36,0
Florida @SenRickScott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa. #RickScott 'oversaw the largest #MedicareFraud ' in U.S. history.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via,0
The hypocrisy is astounding! #QuidProQuoJoe Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
@HouseIntel @RepJerryNadler @RudyGiuliani @realDonaldTrump This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani - Iran for freedom.,0
Some senators say the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging,0
The hypocrisy is astounding! #QuidProQuoJoe #WheresHunter #ShamImpeachment Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses via,0
Update: #Democrat'ic Congressman #SethMoulton who ended his own short-lived presidential campaign last August, formally endorsed #JoeBiden's 2020 White House bid,0
Tech leaders now want government regulation Sensing new regulation is coming, #Microsoft, #Facebook, #Apple and #Alphabet are moving to shape policy discussions, calling for new laws on a range of issues—even as some have already resisted certain measures,0
A New York judge ruled that a commission created to investigate potentially unethical behavior by state prosecutors is unconstitutional,0
@Unfiltrd_Truth @tribelaw @ChristopherHahn McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses: Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting,0
#Commodity traders are being cautious as #crudeoil and #copper prices slumped amid heightened fears that the spread of the #coronavirus could erode demand in #China which is the world’s largest consumer of industrial #commodities via,0
Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via,0
@SenFeinstein How humiliating is this?! Were you in trouble with Mommy aka @SpeakerPelosi? Did you forget about #QuidProQuoJoe?! The hypocrisy is astounding! I’ve included a reminder for you. #ShamImpeachment Joe Biden Forced# Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
: 177a35de-ff63-4fc1-b2f9-9a536eaa05b4,0
This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani - Iran was at war for freedom.,0
After WeWork, #RealEstate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - #MARGAUXMONET,0
Sen. Rick Scott is airing an ad in Iowa seeking to tarnish Joe Biden ahead of Monday's Democratic caucuses. Scott, an ally of Trump, accuses Dems of a "coverup" for Mr. Biden and his son, Hunter Biden. When it’s the #GOPCoverup of Trump. #OneVoice1,0
And all you Q follower say nothing's happening there's never no arrests LOL open your eyes,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set -,0
: 74836fbf-617d-4fb3-8ac8-9be04ee94004,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa,0
@Veritas_2016 @Roadeyez @Theodora500AD @wispylashes @bearguy51p @OldBabyDave Yes, you are voting for sanders. He’s leading the polls in the first 3 states. Historically, that’s a lock for the party nominee And yes, he will be raising taxes. To 50 or even 70%.,0
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China: Wall Street Journal,0
How to get flowers in the foyer—if you don’t have a butler:,0
We're no longer askin' if there was a conspiracy. We're countin' how many.,0
🇺🇸 Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged On Alleged Undisclosed Ties To China. #CharlesLieber #nanotechnology #Harvard #China,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via,0
Pretty much every recipe seems to work, and it's relatively uncomplicated: Cookbook author and British mainstay Diana Henry on her new book, ‘From the Oven to the Table’ via,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Targets Credibility...: Targets Credibility... (First column, 3rd story, link) --- Related stories: MAGA TURNS ON BOLTON... John Kelly as witness? FEINSTEIN LEANS TOWARD ACQUITAL?,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Some senators HOPE the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging,0
Unbelievable that trump would assert “no casualties!”,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend.,0
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say,0
We need #witnesses McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@paddy12725650 @Rabberoonies Anybody remember when a US trade deal would lead to hormone and steroid-filled beef and how it would harm us all? Whatever happened to those complaints, I wonder? Oh, look....,0
1.2 million views: Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy,0
: b5401602-1260-48be-925b-22426b77d407,0
“Apple’s share price has more than dou­bled from last year’s low, adding more than $725 bil­lion to its value, well above the to­tal value of Face­book Inc.”. Still a one product juggernaut.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via,0
Absolutely gobsmacked that Kobe Bryant's helicopter wasn't equipped with a terrain warning system, which may have literally saved the lives of everyone on board. We'll never know for sure.,0
Trumponomics: U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects The government will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 and deficits will exceed that amount every year for the foreseeable future,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via,0
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested on charges of lying about receiving millions of dollars in Chinese funding.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for “two states”, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
It’s exactly what lunch should look like.,0
“Thanks, MacGruber. You’ve made me a teeny bit richer than I already am.”,0
Some senators say the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging,0
Pleeeeeeeease! Just how many bathrooms can one take a dump in? How much is enough??? In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton. via,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
⁦@laloalcaraz⁩ this must be every one from East of the Mississippi: There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl.,0
@JWalkerLoveSTEM @JoeBiden The honest answer would not be voting for #QuidProQuoJoe,0
How International Auditing Rules Are Shaping Standards in the U.S.A: The head of the standard setter for company audits in 130 countries and jurisdictions says his organization is looking into modernizing rules on identifying fraud,0
: 4b5d73bf-7490-43b5-b70b-a8a8d5d09689,0
Apple is dead set on keeping its costs low. For that, it deploys ‘the Blevinator’. Tony Blevins, master negotiator &amp; strategist,0
Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott: He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world — in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does.,0
#Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - #Chinese #theft,0
He IS at least trying to call out his supporters. Sad state of affairs. 😢💔 Sanders Aims for Positive Campaign, but Allies Don’t Always Follow -,0
Is this the beginning of the end for @POTUS? #USPolitics,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses Yes!!!! Bring it on, John Bolton! Bring it on, Lev! #RemoveTrumpNOW #MoscowMitchFails,0
@ImikSabi @TwinklingTania If there actually was a significant sell-off the Fed could step in and buy up excess bonds to keep the price where they want. Here's the Fed admiting it can do this:,0
President Trump's Middle East peace plan charts a two-state course for Israelis and Palestinians. ’s Jerry Seib highlights three pressures that could bring Palestinians to the negotiating table.,0
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation,0
Tulsi Gabbard Files Lawsuit Against Hillary Clinton via DESPERATE FOR THE SPOTLIGHT... get a life...,0
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj,0
“Grow­ing up, Mr. Castillo tried to hide his sta­tus by per­fect­ing his Eng­lish.” I can relate. Sometimes, I feel othered when people comment on my slight accent in English, or when I find myself developing an accent in Spanish.,0
New York Gazette ™ Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales: - Apple Inc. has shaken free of last year’s iPhone slump, posting record revenue and a return to profit growth in the latest quarter behind strong sales…,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Wall Street Journal • front page • Jan 29 2020,0
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - The Wall Street Journal #cloudcomputing #cloudadoption #technology,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via,0
Casino operator Penn National Gaming plans to take a 36% stake in Barstool Sports via @BenMullin,0
buckle up.,0
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 -,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 via,0
@PamelaMassetti It's mu pinned tweet.,0
@realDonaldTrump Maybe read his book.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@laurenmoxley @ginsburgtapes For another perspective, see:,0
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@MobilePunch @MBuhari please confirm this statement, then I'll know what to comment.,0
: 0c1fcc81-7b61-4b4b-8a54-ce0f262e68ad,0
Further proof of a dumb idea now virtue clamoring on the coat tails of a beloved athlete’s tragic death. Nobody cared about your damn peanuts to begin with,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales Devices and services linked to iPhone help fuel surge,0
Day 1103: Moscow Mitch doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses, which is great in terms of more information getting to the American public, but the GOP have already decided that what Trump did isn't a crime (Ron Howard voice: It is.) #resist,0
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump As you know #kremlinkevin,0
Target CIO Helped Retailer Find Its Tech Groove. Focus on speedy software development, in-house IT staff fueled company’s tech turnaround.,0
Good Part: #Bernie militants who refused to show up for Hillary will be paying off DT's #TaxScam for their entire working careers... #IACaucus #NoOnBernie,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
The @GOP is scared shitless of @JoeBiden. Now @ScottforFlorida is airing an anti Biden add in Iowa. #CorruptGOP Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via,0
@realDonaldTrump Hey, great news, you lose!,0
Look just get a fucking avocado thingy already, stop being stupid,0
“Davos turned into a climate-change conference this year.” via,0
Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak,0
@lscottman2 @ahwhitecm @realDonaldTrump Meanwhile, back in Washington...,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirus,0
Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back - With a Vengeance,0
@NHGOP @realDonaldTrump @WINRED Sorry, I need to save my money to help pay down the national debt.,0
So @SenRickScott is a Russian ASSet. I am SO shocked, said no one EVER. Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via #ImpeachmentTrials #GOP,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
@JoeBiden Let's remember how Joe Biden Threatens American Allies.. To Hide Corruption #QuidProQuoJoe #WannaDoPushUps #LetsTakeAnIQTest,0
Nice to see @stoolpresidente will be essentially free rolling for March Madness....Watchout sportsbooks! @barstoolsports IMO smart purchase by Penn to gain marketshare in states with legalized sports betting. Going to be fun to see how this plays out.,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@TexasBluein20 Getting worse. We have to fight back.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Is this being downplayed for a reason??? With so many people being quarantined in China...what are they not telling us???,0
Supreme Court to Look at Electoral College Rules,0
@MelissaJPeltier I think he's talking about US drug companies donating #HIV meds, antivirals, to China to see if they aid in halting #coronavirus. If not this, another Trump delusion? Link:,0
Scary-cat Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa,0
@gtconway3d Check it out, hot off the presses!,0
@Scaramucci Read em and smile.,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
Mitch can't block witnesses, not enough votes,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Open office plans, designed for collaboration, can make it tough for people to do any sort of meaningful, focused work,0
Gambling content won’t be slowing down, fuck.,0
@okkie48 @realDonaldTrump @nytimes "The government will spend $1 TRILLION MORE than it collects in 2020 &amp; defecits will reach or exceed that threshold every year for the forseeable future... " Can we say TAX CUT SCAM?!!,0
McConnell is complaining that he can't block witnesses in #ImpeachmentTrial READ THAT AGAIN! Majority of both American people AND #Senate want to hear why @POTUS should be impeached, and @senatemajldr is upset that he can't BLOCK THESE WITNESSES #Shame,0
I can hear the Trump Trial musical now. Mitch doesn't have the votes, Mitch doesn't have the votes.,0
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via,0
#FATCA was enacted without regard for its effects on the 8.7 million U.S. citizens living abroad, who have essentially been declared guilty of financial crimes unless they can prove otherwise. -Oct, 2015,0
Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports - . ⁦@barstoolsports now valued at $450 million. Wow.,0
: f2a5f04a-ebcb-4709-be39-6cba974b4444,0
Why Americans Should Worry About China's Food Safety Problems via,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via Report this jack wagon!!,0
@maygilbert @HawaiiDelilah @MAFgeek @Politidope Braun is a fairly thoughtful old-school R. Classic Hoosier, decent sort. He handled that Parnas photo deftly, with candor, without hostility. Hmm Young is hard right, yet with some interesting positions on occasion.,0
Casper Has Big Dreams, but Wall Street Is Waking Up to Losses as Its IPO Nears -,0
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses,0
AirPods for young kids ???,0
@reidfam99 @KSLcom Wrong. Voter suppression is a myth.,0
#Malkan Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
Jobs, Cook, Ive—Blevins? The Rise of Apple’s Cost Cutter -,0
@njdotcom But there are goats in Bedminster. Another Trump tax dodge. Donald Trump has a solution that cuts both his grass and his golf-course tax bill: Goats.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses It couldn't happen to better bunch of idiots. Thank God there are still some who will stand up to Trump.,0
Maybe McConnell and most GOP Senators would prefer Pres Pence but can’t admit it publicly bcz GOP voters threw out traditional Republicans/conservatives after 20 years of the trickle-down lie? GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via,0
People wishing communism back? Are 100 million not enough?,0
The chopper wasn’t equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system, or TAWS, which could have provided critical information to the pilot about the mountainous area.,0
#Malkan The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via,0
GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses,0
From Discover on Google,0
Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports - . ⁦@barstoolsports⁩ now valued at $450 million.,0
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal,0
What does trump keep lying about firing Bolton? #maga @foxnews With John Bolton’s resignation, the White House loses a voice willing to disagree with the President. via,0
FYI: Article on @barstoolsports / @PNGamingInc, from :,0
says @senatemajldr doesn't have the votes to stop vote on Witnesses later this week... #ImpeachmentTrials #Impeachment #Witnesses,0
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via,0
More Pizza money Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports,0
@paulportesi This may also be relevant,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Casino operator Penn National Gaming plans to take a 36% stake in Barstool Sports via,0
Looks like a few Republicans are going to cave on witnesses. DemocRats get their way and the trial gets dragged out for weeks while the country suffers. The @GOP needs to end this sham of an impeachment trial NOW! #Trump2020 #KAG,0
Also a great video from @ByShanLi and fellow partner-in-crime @StephanieAYang, reporting from under quarantine in a Hubei hotel,0
Opinion: Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic,0
@_BeautifuIMind @SreenivasanJain @mmazumdar2014 @airindiain @TIME @TheEconomist @Forbes @nytimes @NikkeiAsia @FT @washingtonpost @Swamy39 Our govt is in distress sale mode. Today they sell airindia.Railway already started selling it's fleet. Airports are going to Adani.BPCL HP&amp;many other profit making entities are for sale.Even the reserve money with RBI is taken. Wake up bro. It's too late,0
@PeterZapf @FrankYiannasFDA No, it’s always been about the same thing. We are not our propaganda. Massive ghettos with nothing, impinged your free movement up. In fact, I’ll price you out &amp; increase your suffering, in-debt you to survive &amp; take your property, imprison you at will.,0
Kobe Helicopter Didn't Have Critical Warning System, Officials Say,0
Democrats actually did what they accuse the President of. Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
@realDonaldTrump Our”children 2 inherit the blessings”?How...when”the national debt&amp;sustained fed budget deficits will hit highest levels since WWarII over the next decade..following multiple rounds of tax cuts&amp;continued increases in fed spending.”,0
@HonTonyAbbott #auspol Tony Abbott knew what the Trump Presidency would mean to the world, long before the masses woke up.,0
Do I see a glimpse of light at the end of the tunnel? 😱 “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” -,0
Navinder Singh Sarao made at least $12.8 million in illicit gains through his trading via,0
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism - #لبنان_ينتفض,0
For a company transitioning to providing services, it appears that device sales are still buoying revenues. Also interesting to see how many people may not buy the first 5G iPhones. #BCNMI,0
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻👌🏻 Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Brutal. Turns out the root cause for the Kobe accident was because the helicopter wasn't equipped with commonly available tech costing &lt;$40K. Staying current matters. Same with cars: new ones are way safer than those even 10 years old.,0
@CourthouseNews that'll stop 'em!,0
@realDonaldTrump Bolton sent both Fiona Hill and Alexander Vindman to NSC lawyers to report concerns about Trump's Ukraine pressure campaign,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 1) As a Floridian, I can honestly say, after living through your vile attacks on Sen Nelson, this gutter level attack on the Bidens, is not only disturbing, but it's repulsive.,0
"It's something you can't see, but it really can rapidly change people's behavior." Gripping podcast about the day Wuhan was locked down to stop the #CoronaOutbreak spreading, feat. @ByShanLi @stefaniei,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
Redbone was one of the first Native-American rock bands in the album era. Can you name their big hit?,0
MyPOV: Prevention and containment is key! #publichealth It’s inevitable that the #coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via,0
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
How can an impartial juror in an impeachment trial run an ad about the impeached president’s scheme that failed due to the integrity of the leader 45 tried to shakedown?,0
@drtahmed @SherpaHossainy I finally found it: "College-educated mothers are spending more time with their kids than ever: an extra nine hours a week since 1995, according to a University of California at San Diego study. That's the equivalent of an entire extra workday every week.",0
@ButchGayst @AschleighJ @culturalfatwa @walletkeysjuul @kateljacobson and a minimum 2.7 million dead in the Gulag, labor colonies and special settlements. 2/2 P.D.: source was Wall Street Journal but i can find more sources if you like.,0
“Prosecutorial misconduct is a reality that our clients and our attorneys confront on a regular basis. There must be an independent body to hold prosecutors accountable when they break the law or act in bad faith,” - ⁦@TMLuongo⁩.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses This situation is really simple. The House voted for impeachment based on the evidence at hand. They cannot expect the Senate to look for new evidence at this point. This whole thing is bogus.,0
: f8c89827-6f27-47af-9695-e63a4425fb7c,0
I don’t even like Joe Biden but I’ll air out Rick Scott given the chance,0
You don't need a biblical plague, huge death toll, or mass hysteria for Bat Soup Flu to seriously dent the economy. All you need is regular people taking reasonable precautions, and consumer spending will take a huge hit. via,0
CNN and Ignorance via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
FROM #BUSHWICK TO #SOHO:,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa. They are very afraid of Biden. #ImpartialJurorHaHa,0
Chair of Harvard Chemistry Dep't. likely Chinese spy:,0
The Tragic End of Bush's North Korea Policy -,0
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, the Iranian establishment strives to restore unity amid awareness that differences could jeopardize regime. Like Rouhani walking out after the Supreme Leader's sermon? #HassanRouhani #AliKhamenei #IRGC #Iran #ایران,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via Biden was on Diplomatic Business with our Allies ! His Son was never under investigation!! You have Destroyed your checks and Balance on President ! Trump King ! Bow and worship ! Trump kids on US Payroll,0
$84.7 Billion 13 hours ago Wall Street Journal, but if you don't have a subscription - wait, I'll find another one.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
#Republicans fear #Biden so much they're trying to turn the primary #GOP #Biden2020 #BidenHarris2020,0
#Malkan Letters: All Is Not Well Today for Low-Wage Workers via,0
TBI is not a headache.,0
Hillary Clinton: 'Nobody Wants to Work With' Bernie Sanders via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the horrific wildlife trade in recent years and public calls for a permanent ban on the cruel wild animal meat trade via,0
Republicans are soooo fucking shameless, and uncreative, and this is just beyond the pale, and fuck it, let's just impeach the whole fucking party!!! #RemoveTrump,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
Cleveland Clinic and Geisinger are among hospital chains using machine learning to predict who is likely to develop sepsis,0
Iron Workers Union Endorses Joe Biden via,0
Great to see Deloitte's contribution: UpLink connects new generations of changemakers to the decision-makers who can implement the change needed for the next decade. Get involved. #ImpactThatMatters,0
Tulsi Gabbard Files Lawsuit Against Hillary Clinton via,0
GOP being suckered again!! Another Kavanaugh moment! GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Biden Tax Plan Raises Most Money From Top 0.1% of Households, Study Finds via,0
@Veritas_2016 @Theodora500AD @wispylashes @Roadeyez @bearguy51p @OldBabyDave No problem,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
@realDonaldTrump Dear #LiarInChief, remember this?; “The White House directed the officials not to testify, arguing that congressional subpoenas for their depositions were invalid...” #coverup #AdderallTrump,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them via,0
@JoeBiden @SenRickScott @realDonaldTrump Good! They should be running Nationwide!,0
Rise of the #unitaskers, guacamole edition. Or... just use a spoon? 🤔,0
@judyyh @BenMandelker If you want to feel wicked nostalgic, read how Patty in Boston and Steve in Weymouth bemoan the loss of the Dunkies styrofoam cup.,0
The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020,0
We all know @SenRickScott can afford it. After all, his company was involved in the largest Medicare Fraud scandal in US history. He let @AGPamBondi take a $25k bribe from Trump to avoid prosecution in exchange for an endorsement in 2018.,0
1/2 @SenRickScott is so close, except for the facts. @JoeBiden encouraged #Ukraine #PresidentZelenskiy to fire their former prosecutor, #ViktorShokin, who was complicit in the corruption. #SenatorRichardCranium needs to do better research.,0
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
@KWnFX @hebrewservative @_1216715 @SteveKrak Really didn’t Obama tell us at 1.9% that it would be our new normal and didn’t he ridicule trump when he said he’d get it back to 3%??,0
CNN and Ignorance - CNN is arousing the ire of conservatives for a segment in which a network host and two political pundits giggle as they make fun of the alleged ignorance of Donald Trump and his voters.,0
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma's Fur Coat: Wall Street Journal,0
Sen. Rick Scott airs anti-Biden ad in Iowa,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
"Life is not a straight line". Love this quote.,0
Ukraine wouldn't even spread this Russian talking point but a U.S. Republican Senator will!,0
These are pure Communists. Comrade Warren is proving that the State shall investigate Political Opponents UNTIL they ‘find’ a ‘crime.’ It is a form of Tyranny. #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #KAG2020,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Think Australia has a debt problem? The US will spend $US1 trillion more than it earns in 2020. #economics #debt #auspol The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa,0
The city's initiative to help public schools in high-poverty areas had no effect on students’ state test scores in reading and little effect in math, but absenteeism declined and graduation rates rose,0
Trump Plan Breaks the Mold in Mideast Peace Efforts,0
: be71f6e3-bbf6-462a-a29d-502b2d145bd9,0
Canndescent is just one company that sees the potential in rebranding weed for a new set of users:,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
: 4b33df19-4157-4806-ad38-7f1c2bbaf250,0
#GOP doesn't have enough votes to block #witnesses,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa,0
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California #BlackmarketVapes #Cannabis #LegalCannabis #Marijuana #MedicalMarijuana #California via,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #Ethereum #bitcoin,0
The same WHO than named Mugabe its 'goodwill ambassador' just two years ago? That WHO? Well, I have full trust in their opinion then.,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales via,0
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses via,0
: 203791b6-825a-4565-9667-bb657361451f,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Elizabeth Warren promises to investigate Trump officials after she wins. via,0
Not all business models are equal. This piece by @konradputzier in @wsj details the differences between tech and real-estate startups, including capital requirements and risk profile.,0
WTH is Rick Scott running ads in Iowa??,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. ข้อมูลจาก,0
@TrentKrupp It’s more than Medicare. It’s the Nth order effects on market prices from having no ceiling on costs because the system will pay (in a wide variety of markets). This summed it up well for me, but I’m curious to hear you perspective on it,0
#CorruptGOP Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via,0
“China is becoming more discriminating about what they want to get,” said John Demers, who runs the Justice Department’s national-security division. “Intelligence officers are increasingly getting tasked with getting missing pieces of research.,0
@rob_strifeheart @banalplay st.paul says your wrong, and he wrote the bible,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Abolish Asia's 'Wet Markets,' Where Pandemics Breed,0
Update: #Democrat'ic Congressman #SethMoulton who ended his own short-lived presidential campaign last August, formally endorsed #JoeBiden's 2020 White House bid,0
Rev Run reflects on his upbringing in Queens, N.Y., his father’s poetry and why basketball and rap are the same,0
What exactly does she think is so funny about all this I wonder? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets, But Overall Liquidity Stable, by @michaelsderby in markets - #repo -,0
CNN and Ignorance,0
McConnell days GOP doesn’t have votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa because ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is scared shitless of ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ &amp; Rick is a fucking toadie ready to smear whoever Trump asks him to. #gopsmear #GOPCoverup #trumpisguilty,0
They still gotta worry about their head on a pike😡,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - This article deserves serious attention!,0
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic -,0
Kobe Bryant brings us together in a universal appreciation of athletic excellence. I cheered him as a Laker, but came to admire him as a colleague and startup investor in co.'s like @honest. We lost a potential ⁦@WarrenBuffett⁩ for our generation.,0
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50,0
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal,0
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF-OF-LIES... Trump’s behind the drips and drabs of info on the seriously injured. An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said,0
Very interesting article,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
You don't need to LIKE Trump to respect the office. Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via,0
Can we just take a minute to think about this and absorb what is increasingly becoming unavoidable consequences? #NationalDebt #debt #nationalsecurity,0
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses do your job - Mitt could be the next POTUS:),0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@Cog1018 @libertadorzn It's not a secret. PS - I have a policy of blocking hasbara trolls, so bye!,0
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter,0
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei,0
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
New York City Bill Would Let Green Card Holders Vote in Local Elections,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the sickening wildlife trade in recent years and public calls for a permanent ban on wild animal meat via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal,0
Pray tell me, where the f*** is the #TeaParty? Racist shits — it was all about waging a race war against the first black President. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, addressed their colleagues in the meeting.,0
@maryam_lcsw @nytimes It’s a joke referencing his old piece that, unfortunately, actually used that racist phrase about Arabs:,0
"Mr. Martínez-García said there is a point at which lowering long-term interest rates can no longer effectively prop up residential investment. “We might be reaching that point,” RBA: "Huh"??,0
Congratulations Sharmistha Dubey on the big promotion - Match Group is fortunate to have someone of her caliber lead the charge! Mandy Ginsberg - I wish you the best of health and hope to see you back in action soon! -,0
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians -,0
@1taiwantalk Meanwhile, the #WHO and #PopeFrancis praise the #CCP's humanitarian efforts.,0
Martin Sandoval, who once headed the state Senate transportation committee, solicited and accepted bribes from figure in red-light camera industry, plea agreement says,0
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin via,0
Geez. The man guilty of the BIGGEST MEDICARE FRAUD IN HISTORY is accusing someone else of ugly behavior? Repugnikants have no shame. Tailor made ad for Facebook.&gt;Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa,0
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD// Estará listo México???,0
@JustinWingerter Given that Cory apparently asked fellow senators to keep the trial short, I doubt he’s open to witnesses at all.,0
Open Borders, Affirmative Action, the Framers and the Neocons - The Wall Street Journal,0
@marcushjohnson From 2016.,0
It’s exactly what lunch should look like.,0
Ridiculous why is it so hard for so many parents to tell their kids "no" AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set via,0
Which reminds me:,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses is mind boggling to see the low that these politicians will stoop too to possibly keep their jobs. They are everything every joke has ever said about their character.,0
Federal prosecutors sought restraining orders against telecommunications operators in two states that they said allowed illegal fraudulent calls to go through to recipients.,0
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
I guess there's even more cases: Any recommendations how we stem this threat?,0
The Billie Eilish Revolution: How the Unconventional Teen Swept the Grammys - The Wall Street Journal #FooFighters,0
@ddale8 Canada still not ratified.,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via,0
The union that taught me to organize and bargain tough as nails endorses both Bernie and Liz Warren. @UNITEHERE11 #WinWithHotelWorkers,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses mr mitt your are scum. if Trump doesn't win in 2020 . the country goes democrat for life. what about your grandchildren. my grandfather kill this country,0
The Wall Steet Journal excels at these slice of life stories.,0
Adam A. has shared content with you from MSN,0
The Federal Reserve #Bank of New York added $84.7 #billion in fresh liquidity to money #markets on Tuesday, but overall temporary #money added to the #financial system by the central bank held steady,0
Modi Defends India’s New Citizenship Law as Protests Persist -,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Executives Try to Assess Financial Impact of Coronavirus Measures,0
Just FYI, those quarantined Aussies will be flying out of a coronavirus hot zone and spending two weeks on Christmas Island with a whole lot of gigantic red crabs. @Mike_Cherney,0
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via,0
The Silicon Valley experiment: Can Google expand dramatically in San Jose without ruining traffic and jacking up housing prices?,0
The Company of Second Chances @RSimon18,0
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down,0
@ryanridgley78 @SarahBDean @qdogg77 @stillCALLin @MarkDice @realDonaldTrump Again hardly a liberal rag....,0
Aw, shucks,0
Apps Help Strangers Have a Baby, Romance Optional. A new kind of online service matches people who want to have children, but not necessarily romance.,0
#RepublicansMisdirectionPlay? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Or is this headline true?,0
1/ "Florida Republican Sen. Rick Scott is airing an ad in Iowa seeking to tarnish former Vice President Joe Biden ahead of Monday's Democratic caucuses in the state.,0
#CrookedGOP #senate doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Rasputin outfoxed sHitler and made him his bitch,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores,0
@Ziggy_Daddy @UneducatedGeni1 Trump bankrupting America, not making it great again. Trump's scute business sense is crap.Trump making America great again is a joke.,0
Real-estate startups take lessons from WeWork and are expanding slowly unlike the rapid growth tactics used by lower cost social media platforms #BCSTT #D,0
@Reuters @AmbJohnBolton @senatemajldr @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @SpeakerPelosi @SenateGOP @NRO @business @thehill @cspan @rollcall McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
So nice of Mitch to volunteer this to 3 major news sources. Oh, and he lies - a lot.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis,0
Brutalist Buildings Are Back in Style—Except With Architects Fans celebrate oft-derided style of blockish forms and naked concrete, but designers are leery. #architecturedesign,0
What the House managers argued -- on the Zelensky call, obstruction, witnesses and more -- and how the Trump legal team responded by @rebeccaballhaus,0
#MorganStanley News ⁦⁩,0
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings,0
This is some 3D chess...omg GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@CAAPSorg @BJDonart @FriedrickJane @dudefrommpls @RyanHillMI @realDonaldTrump how bout the Wall Street journal it’s republican,0
@jppandesv @Zen_Zinger @gailkimITSME @AndrewYang I am in favor of a far simpler tax code that eliminates loopholes and the establishment of a flat or fair tax. Amazon did pay taxes they were just were helped by deductions and tax incentives.,0
The boom in industrial real estate is losing steam despite vacancy rates remaining historically low, a new study from Cushman &amp; Wakefield suggests via,0
@SenSchumer You may have all ready seen this but in case you haven't "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses",0
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial,0
@sitcom201 @TicTocTick or perhaps mexico is acting like a wall... and paying for it....,0
@WriterRomana @dwightivy_ivy @AlanDersh Funny, it’s exactly what happened. It just has to be explained in simple terms because you followed the “fox news-Ified” spin which made it perfectly fine to investigate a political rival even though he lied about it, and oh, it’s against the law.,0
I don't believe this at all! Released so tRUMP can strong arm anyone that are thinking! Cause cover ups deplore thinkers! GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
The Tax Increases to Come - - They’re talking DEMS Here,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @shellieblum @cjdtwit @RL9631 @itsjustjill @truthgunner @realerincruz @buckseriously @uberstephanie @TXPolitico @cgpb @eavesdropann @gatesrobin @jamieRJN @heidiponyrider @carold502,0
Female directors and actors in the Islamic Republic are pushing the limits of censorship and consolidating creative control on both sides of the camera.,0
The world is being crazy!,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
China's censorship helps spread the virus #nCoV #WuhanPneumonia #coronavirus,0
Master Shake has shared content with you from MSN ha ha. #Trump,0
@BerningAtheist @Bern4prez1 That's a good idea. I'm going to take a photo of all the Sanders caucus cards and keep it if we need it. Here is a bit about our state's stroke of genius. Ugh,0
is expanding its warehouse operations in Staten Island as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to its New York-area consumers.,0
@MrReali39272354 @RyannMcEnany @realDonaldTrump Whoops....,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @jjauthor,0
From opinion: The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s “wet markets” once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @KimStrassel,0
@GuyCreal @kingmark444 Jesus, you’re such a fucking moron.,0
or Harvard?,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
WTF Havard snobs. #coronavirus,0
AS SCHUMER SAID, DID WE FOOL YOU AMERICA ??? WE TRIED IN MORE WAYS THEN ANYONE CAN KNOW. WE SO WANT TO WIN AMERICA BACK. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Probably a good idea to call your senators, anyway: : GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial Republican leaders said they don’t currently have the votes to block witnesses in Trump's trial,0
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested on charges of lying about receiving millions of dollars in Chinese funding, […] a plot by Beijing to mine U.S. universities to catapult China to the forefront of scientific development,0
: 2750ad82-4edc-4bbe-ab09-86e774f3aa14,0
Bolton is, in a sense, Trump's worst nightmare: someone who actually will testify about the facts of the case. The one thing that Trump's defenders never want to talk about. #SenateTrial #BoltonTestify,0
“This is a small sample of China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off American technology and know-how for Chinese gain.”,0
Some residents of high-cost states - like Calif. #NJ, #NY &amp; even Texas - are leaving for cheaper locales.The 2017 tax law pushed them to do it ⁦@GovMurphy⁩ ⁦@Mulshine⁩ ⁦@SenSweeney⁩ ⁦@michaelmknox⁩ ⁦@NJPolicy⁩ ⁦@tomkean⁩,0
FAA inaction killed all those people. The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area via,0
Hate buying cleaning supplies? There’s a pill for that:,0
WHEN YOU GOT PEEPS LIKE MITTY &amp; DEMS LIKE PELOSI, SCHUMER, SHIFF, NADLER &amp; MORE BE GRATEFUL WE HAVE A COUNTRY. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@robinhanson Not just the left:,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Chip­maker Xil­inx Inc., hard-hit by U.S. gov­ern­ment re­stric­tions on do­ing busi­ness with Chi­na's Huawei Tech­nolo-gies Co., cut rev­enue pro­jec-tions for the year and in­tends to re­duce the num­ber of work­ers by about 7%.,0
Great move @MittRomney -Sure Dems accused you of tax evasion, letting a woman with cancer die&amp; torturing animals, but SURELY now they'll love &amp; respect you-Groveling bitter slug...GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Looks like McConnell doesn’t have the numbers to block the calling of witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial.,0
It's amazing to watch how easily the #democrats can play #republican Senators with a planted story in the @nytimes. @SenSchumer "If you don’t believe the newspaper report, call the witnesses,”. The "newspaper" equals "evidence"?,0
@NorsePole567 @RepLeeZeldin Vindman’s brother happens to work at NSC. The place where people in our government get books approved. The one that can’t be named is,0
The decline of the Catholic Church in Germany has accelerated amid the scandals and growing secularization. According to the church’s latest statistics, 216,078 people left the church in 2018—a leap of 29% from the previous year,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, people familiar with the matter said,0
Miami Hotels Are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses The problem is not to keep President or remove him from the power ? The problem is in the future to make the evil Islam is a dominant religion and keep the LGBTQ practice as a choices !,0
@GOP @PamBondi 1. No special experience is required to sit on the board of a US or Ukrainian company. 2. Joe Biden was anti-corruption in Ukraine. 3. Ivanka's trademarks. The Trump Org's foreign investments while Don Jr. and Eric travel around. And this:,0
@alexweprin @jeremymbarr Uh, rare layoffs? Need I remind you:,0
@CNN and Ignorance of @donlemon via,0
UTC Risks Decision Fatigue in a Transformative Year,0
This looks like Harvard's version of SpyGate. #Spygate,0
#ny21 soon you will hear a different lie from @elisestefanik,0
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal.,0
@LishaChiffon @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Here is the corruption!!!!,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
'Waze for Work? Navigation Apps Come to Mazelike Offices',0
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter via,0
@seanhannity @RickZabel_WNY Definitely focus on poop in SF and not the $1 trillion deficit PER YEAR that will become 98% of GDP in 10 years,0
Living Wall Street dopes. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses.,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses This is a lie. All one senator has to do is stand up and propose to vote to remove from the office. they vote. and don't get the votes.and we all go home,0
(Israel Intel Inside Corp is loosing their dominance to Taiwan and AMD TSMC Corp Intel War Chrono Beer Virus) Intel warned Chinese companies of chip flaws before U.S. government,0
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version,0
The global auto industry has an outsize footprint in a central Chinese province you might have heard of called Hubei, and that's likely to cause problems for GM and other carmakers as the coronavirus shuts down all economic activity there. @berlindiary,0
Strong iPhone sales and disappointing services growth complicate the story following the stock’s big run. via,0
Top story: Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - see more,0
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan via,0
"It’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself." Do you remove the flesh from an avocado with a knife? A trip to the ER might be in your future.,0
UpLink Platform Unites Changemakers Worldwide,0
@caulfieldj600 @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Here is the truth!!!!,0
$EBAY EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review,0
Florida senator Rick Scott must be trying to earn trump brownie points, b/c he is airing an anti Biden ad in IOWA. Another impartial juror like Ernst, showing his bias. #ImpeachedForLife,0
Once upon a #spy. #china #Harvard,0
$XLNX Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Its Workforce,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. via,0
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Real-estate companies are slowing down its pace and willing to take less risk 님이 공유,0
Boris’s Huawei blunder will come back to bite him.,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via,0
Oh shit, this sounds like it only happens in movies but here we are, catching people stealing/giving away research info/samples. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Please let this prove to be the case... McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area via,0
- like the bum in the White House boasting about SEXUAL ASSAULT!!! @sunny @TheView @NicolleDWallace @JoyVBehar @MeghanMcCain,0
@allantercalivre Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@MxMarineMom @Trumping_girl @joelpollak @MSNBC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump That meme is misleading. Biden did that for U.S. national interest, not his personal interest of getting re-elected. He went on stage &amp; said it, because there was nothing wrong with it. Unlike Trump, who put his call on a secret server.,0
The Mideast peace blueprint released by the Trump administration prescribes a specific series of actions both Israelis and Palestinians must take. Here are the main points of the plan:,0
"TPG is eager to try its own hand in the lending business." via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
@haysjr9 the pundits of the day were tossing out witticisms to complete with Bill Clinton, who was very good at not being stumped by the press. "There's no there there" may have emerged during Ken Starr's Whitewater but apparently originated thusly:,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects. Deficit will exceed $1 Trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says.,0
@smtravis @SKH245 @RealTalkGwenS @browardschools @SunSentinel @DeAngelisCorey You know that super conservative pro-Trump Wall Street Journal also had this so zi figured I would share. Sharing is caring.,0
Kobe Bryant's helicopter lost touch with air-traffic controllers when it climbed to 2,300 feet as the pilot attempted to avoid a cloud layer. Chopper began a descending left turn and crashed into the hills of Calabasas at roughly 1,085 feet above sea level,0
Because “Only over the last 250 years, the period over which capitalism has flourished, have a large number of people—in the billions— overcome poverty.”,0
This is why I tell the National GOP Committee to pound sand when they ask for contributions. #MAGA #QAnon #GOPsucks #FakeRepublicans via,0
Nice op-ed by my friend, Bob Patterson, who is challenging party switcher Jeff Van Drew in NJ's 2nd Congressional District GOP primary (disclosure: I'm a Patterson contributor). "Opinion | Welcome to the Party—Now Go Home",0
WELL IF THE SENATE GIVES THE DEMS BOLTON, THE REP WILL ASK FOR BIDEN &amp; BO &amp; SCHUMER &amp; FEINSTEIN &amp; MORE &amp; AMERICA WILL SPEND BILLIONS MORE FOR "NOTHING" THANKS DEMS. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei via,0
Report: A wealth tax would force US assets into foreign hands. via ⁦⁩,0
AND THEY WONDER WHY WE CALL THEM #FakeNews ... WHEN WERE ANY FUNDS "FROZEN"?,0
San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
Trump Campaign Works to Garner Local News Coverage - - *2/2 with replacement time allotment of incumbents CEO/CFO cancelled due to controversy of television actors corporate expenditures 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏾‍♀️🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏻‍♀️,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses thye overthrow of a duley elected president is at hand thanks to the fuckin ball less gopp,0
#Democrats’ War on #Fracking Will Cost Them in Battleground States -,0
Dr. Anup Patel, who handles an average of 10 to 15 avocado-hand cases a year through his work with the Orlando Plastic Surgery Institute and the Orlando Hand Surgery Associates, said a Super Bowl-related surge wouldn’t be surprising.,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. Fascinating and so is the conclusion! via,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. ⁦@dtsjevents⁩ #SanJose #siliconvalley #innovation,0
Japan Fires Soccer Coach Javier Aguirre - Wall Street Journal,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses the end of this administartion is at hand the the demaray[-ts along with the ballless gopp lety it happen,0
Rupert Mudoch's is not exactly liberal media. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Kobe Bryant's helicopter wasn't equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system as it descended at 2,000 feet per minute before a "high-energy impact crash." Tonight's news story with @ailworth and the team:,0
CBS chief Joe Ianniello hasn’t yet decided whether to join Platinum Equity’s bid for Univision,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
With minority government, Trudeau will have to resort to deal-making to pass USMCA and ensure its enforcement. @wsj,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus,,0
Opinion Journal: Comey’s Clinton Immunity Deals CORRUPTION AT WORK😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡,0
@flowfocus Weren't leveraged #HedgeFunds bailed out by the #Fed #Repo operations and #NotQE? Given that #MoralHazard, of course they're going to leverage up even more. 🤦‍♀️,0
Oh, a Professor at Harvard. #MAGA,0
NETFLIX CHANGES MARKETING STRATEGIES, LAY OFFS COMING On the heels of the 2018 announcement the Obama's signed with Netflix...,0
Wait is the left eating itself again. slams CNN,0
This is huge! The pressure is working. Keeping calling your senators to say there should be witnesses &amp; subpoenas in the impeachment trial! Especially if you’re in a red State.,0
Love this idea. Deep work. Deep break. Separate the activities into distinct flows to concentrate, reflect, share and rejuvenate.,0
Apple will commit $2.5 billion toward affordable housing in California, amid concerns Silicon Valley’s successes have pushed people out of the area via,0
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors -,0
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors -,0
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. -,0
Rep. Seth Moulton has endorsed Joe Biden for the Democratic Party’s nomination for president, citing what he said was the former V.P.’s ability to build a coalition within the party and proven foreign-policy credentials. via,0
@seanhannity Running so scared that you are printing Russian propoganda, Sean?,0
“Egypt calls on the two relevant parties to undertake a careful and thorough consideration of the US vision to achieve peace and open channels of dialogue, under US auspices.” Now we see what was behind all Trump’s sucking up to al-Sisi.,0
Former Sen Al D’Amato New York Lobbying Firm Settles on Allegations of #Somalia Sanctions Violations -,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Unintended Perk of the Online Mattress Boom: Never-Ending Free Trials -,0
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House,0
Number troops injured in Iran missile attack now at 50 after President Trump originally said no one was hurt, later played down severity of injuries, @nancyayoussef reports,0
What happened to "Truth in Advertising"?,0
@TonesHyus @EsotericCD Really? HMMMM.... I thought Trump was a Republican? I thought that Trump's first two terms both the House and the Senate were controlled by Republicans.... are you telling me that isn't true?,0
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president via,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
More with less: The company has about 4,000 IT employees, down from roughly 10,000 before Michael McNamara became CIO in 2015 via,0
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via . Maybe we can get our country and constitution back.,0
"The chopper was descending at more than 2,000 feet a minute" gave me chills. I thought it was a crash &amp; boom. Like they didn't see it coming. They did! The fear they must've felt is unimaginable. 😭 via,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
@Wheezy02012502 @joelockhart @SenJohnKennedy I agree. Because if you are a conservative, you will be voting Democrat in 2020.,0
Major stock indexes closed higher Tuesday even as bonds briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via,0
@TonesHyus @EsotericCD Yes.... and here is a Wall Street Journal report. If you are a conservative, then you will vote for Democrats in 2020.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
U.S. national debt and sustained federal budget deficits will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office projected, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in federal spending.,0
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO,0
“Netanyahu pledged to act immediately to expand Israel’s borders, telling reporters Tuesday that he would seek a cabinet vote on annexation Sunday.” Nothing like a little unilateral annexation to jump start negotiations.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
This is SO funny! Had to share. ❤️😊😂😜🥛☕️🇺🇸✨ #SenatorRomney #BYUCreameryChocolateMilkIsTheBest @BYU @SenatorRomney,0
@MazMHussain @Yair_Rosenberg " The pPalestenians never missed a chance to miss a chance " Sad. +,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Update: per the @wsj McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop witnesses). And... scene.,0
#House of the Day: A Greenwich home where nature is front and center. via,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
I’ve been hoping that once 1, 2, 3 or more Senators stood for right instead of fearing public condemnation from the bully in the WH, more would find the strength to follow. Hope this is true.,0
14th-Century Solutions to Student Debt - The Wall Street Journal,0
$91.82 billion! Apple's revenue rose 9% in the December quarter to $91.82 billion.,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via,0
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial,0
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ via,0
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via,0
"The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant descended at a rate of 2,000 feet a min and missed avoiding the hills of Southern California by 20 to 30 feet before the “high-energy impact crash” that killed the basketball star and eight others, the NTSB said Tuesday",0
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 via,0
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via,0
“The plan was criticized by some experts as a ploy to boost Netanyahu &amp; Trump domestically while failing to narrow the deep-seated differences between Palestinians &amp; Israelis. Trump faces an impeachment trial while Netanyahu has been charged with bribery.”,0
Kobe Bryant Helicopter Didn’t Have Critical Warning System, Officials Say Chopper wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area,0
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial,0
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales -,0
Check out this interesting video about tech clustering in NYC's "Silicon Alley," drawing a conglomeration of highly specialized workers and increasing productivity #BCSTT,0
He will raise the credibility of the NYT.,0
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via,0
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ ~~That's ok , I just like the title caption anyway. ~~,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses They better find them. End this farce.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - During his 2016 campaign, Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. The policies he enacted have moved us in the opposite direction.,0
am i the only person looks at the new cities in China and thinks, 20 years, an economic downturn, Cabrini Green on steroids,0
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 not taking the turn they had hoped tor.,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery. Most previous diseases affect on stocks did not last very long. It was quite sentimental decision from investors yesterday.,0
Illinois; guess which party?,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses I don't understand why some GOP senators want to see more witnesses for this bullshit impeachment. The Dems want to prolong this hoax, but we all know how this is going to end!,0
Managing the psychological contagion from Wuhan may be the most important task for U.S. policy makers, writes @HolmanJenkins,0
@HopesMom12 @charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump “Emerson, Marist and Rasmussen—President Trump registered about 30% support among black voters.“,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
The latest on the #KobeBryantcrash: the helicopter was descending at 2,000 feet a minute and wasn't equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system, the NTSB said. w/ @bzcohen,0
What kinda fucking maniac uses a knife to gut an avacado? Probably BCE or some shit.,0
“San Jose has long been the stepchild of Sil­i­con Val­ley. [In the 1950s] the city des­ig­nated rel­a­tively lit­tle land for com­mer­cial use, &amp; mostly missed out as Palo Alto, Cu­per­tino &amp; other towns around Stan­ford be­came startup cen­tral...” 1/2,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - I guess Harvard is not all it’s made out to be! Could the people in charge be recruiting students to weaken our great country?,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. vía,0
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians -,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The diplomatic approach is unconventional. The U.S. norm has been to arm-twist the Israelis and bribe the Palestinians with cash. Instead the Trump Admin has supported Israel unapologetically.,0
@SenMcSallyAZ @timkaine Apparently, Martha's reelection is more important than the republic.,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
▶️ Video: TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation,0
@Colleen33494003 @geofficient @RepAdamSchiff It's EXACTLY what he did... Watch the video and tell me how that's not what he did.,0
@CoryGardner Apparently, Cory's reelection is more important than the republic.,0
@chillyhades Here's some sources that aren't vox -,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
Trump Inauguration Spending Under Criminal Investigation by Federal Prosecutors - why doesn’t RepubMAGA care?,0
Trump Inauguration Spending Under Criminal Investigation by Federal Prosecutors -,0
The Treasury Department blacklisted four foreign companies for allegedly supporting and facilitating Iran’s petrochemical and petroleum exports—among the latest efforts by Washington to pressure Tehran via,0
SMH. Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via,0
: EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@cnnbrk @WHO @CBSNews @AlJazeera @BBCBreaking @EuParlament @Reuters @VOANews @arirangtvnews @CCTV_CHINA Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via #China #Wuhan #coronoavirus,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery vía,0
@SenThomTillis @SenateGOP #Coverup ‘..Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman, and Mr. Tillis called impeachment a sham.’,0
@thehill Trump should wear double depends tonight.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Bing: just watch...tax cuts for wealthy that prevented funds from entering the government will be used to justify taking away services for the poor, disabled, and elderly.,0
@BennyBludworth @jose__carbajal_ @malavemark @strathglass7982 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Maybe we will be hearing from Bolton afterall... Time to pucker up sport.,0
.@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP &amp; @SenateGOP with their tax cuts have doomed our nation to insolvency worse than what the Soviet Union had prior to it's disintegration. #RepealGOPTaxCuts #SlashMilitarySpending #TaxTheRich #SpendOnOurNation,0
@thehill The dam has already broken, Jared. You might have to go get a real job soon.,0
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial,0
@marcorubio @senrickscott Florida demands #WitnessesAndDocuments Florida demands #EnforcedSubpoenasAndTestimony Florida demands you #ConvictAndRemoveTrumpNow #PenceKnewImpeachHimToo! Florida will go Blue and Unseat You!,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Impeach collins and romney. It is almost the same as un-electing them. When they seek re-election of their own. Crooks. $Money$,comes first. And the U.S.A. citizens opinion and vote come last..,0
#Nike Site Sells Out of #Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death -,0
Tomorrow is ⁦@Boeing⁩ Earnings.,0
__www.wsj.com/articles/trump-defense-team-to-close-arguments-complicated-by-bolton-reports-11580215229 _wsj.com/articles/trump-defense-team-to-close-arguments-complicated-by-bolton-reports-11580215229 #Here #Come #Witnesses,0
@CNBC Disney has been a great partner with #China. We must remember how the communist party was covering up the news in december and even arrested 8 people for spreading news about the #coronavirus.,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales -,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Romney is a Rino. Might as well switch parties.,0
A6. Here’s another example. Apologies or the paywall: #k12prchat,0
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses.” And If You Don’t Know Now You Know. #JohnBoltonMustTestify,0
Anyone moving to California? A Modern Mansion on Malibu’s Tony Beachfront Lists for $115 Million -,0
🎵You need Congress's approval, and you don't have the votes!🎵 GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
America deserves to know the truth. If you agree, contact your Senators and demand they vote yea on #WitnessesandDocuments.,0
@Khanoisseur Spirit makes the fuselage. Laying off almost 3000.,0
things aren't going the way #MoscowMitch promised his dear leader SAD via,0
How to ditch your boring suit:,0
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via,0
@HaggertyTaupier @KapitalistPiggy @Jimmytw20876022 @MrBiv @marklevinshow Lol. House Democrats didn’t try to compel former national security adviser John Bolton to testify in the impeachment probe of President Trump, avoiding a potentially lengthy court fight via,0
@SenRickScott During his tenure as chief executive, the company defrauded Medicare, Medicaid &amp; other federal programs. Dept of Justice ultimately fined the company $1.7 billion in what was at the time largest health care fraud settlement in U.S. history.,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
“A recent probe by Germany’s cybersecurity agency with help from the U.S. and other allies failed to show that Huawei could use its equipment to clandestinely siphon off data, according to senior agency and other government officials.”,0
the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said. It's not a game, it's our foreign policy,&amp; #trump's abuse of same. #consentofthegoverned #WitnessesAndDocuments #seventyfivepercent,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Corporate espionage? Treason? Or just negligence?,0
@ttagaris @axiomsofdomini1 This article appears to be causing a lot of the concern on Twitter.,0
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding By Aruna Viswanatha and Kate O’Keeffe,0
Greed is not good. Never. Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands.,0
C'mon Don... you campaign on the deficit... we have zero unemployment in an economic boom, with a Republican Senate...and we go another trillion deep? U.S. deficit tops $1 trillion in first 11 months of fiscal year, Treasury says via,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus,,0
“the U.S. cam­paign spi­raled into a for­eign-pol­icy de­ba­cle, thwarted by fa­mil­iar ad­ver­saries, Rus­sia and Cuba...Tur­key and In­dia...helped Ve­nezuela side­step U.S. sanc­tions and..op­po­si­tion ac­tivists. The EU watched from the side­lines”,0
#recession ... China #Banks #Bubble edition A #Financial #Contagion shockwave may emanate from China faster than the #coronavirus... As a reminder, the Spanish Flu triggered a #global #macroeconomic #depression in which US #GDP per capita crashed by 12%!,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Romney and Collins, holding hands together like usual. They should consider getting on the Democratic ballot in November. Since they are not true Republicans. They do not know who they are. $$money$$, only.,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa (Wall Street Journal),0
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' - The Wall Street Journal #germany #german,0
@tracyalloway @TianChen95 @SofiaHC1 Who says freedom and democracy has nothing doing with economy and finance? Remember #China was arresting 8 people in Wuhan in December for spreading "rumours" about the #coronavirus, and keep the news from the public.,0
The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a "terrain awareness" system that could have provided information about the mountainous area in which it crashed,0
@FinancialTimes Who says freedom and democracy has nothing doing with economy and finance? Remember #China was arresting 8 people in Wuhan in December for spreading "rumours" about the #coronavirus, and keep the news from the public.,0
Heard on the Street: Grubhub is considering a sale or buying a rival, potentially undermining the CEO’s defense of its business model via,0
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via,0
@DanDee1948 @justicedems Unfortunately, we seem to agree on one thing there.,0
.@wsj: "Chemistry, nanotechnology, polymer studies, robotics, computer science, biomedical research—... a small sample of #China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off #American technology and know-how for Chinese gain.” #Harvard #Communism #IntellectualProperty,0
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via,0
@NonsenseEnd @ScottPresler @rickbkylex @realDonaldTrump Trump making America great again. Trump is bankrupting the country.,0
If you wanted to erode the power of the Federal Government, a slow bankruptcy is a strong long play. Why else are we giving tax cuts? Don’t say for the economy. If that were true, we’d have no issue here and not be afraid to raise rates. # #TaxPolicy,0
“House Democrats Use Defense Team's Arguments Against Trump in Tax Returns Case” It’s almost as if...that were the plan. Deep, deep respect for the the Dems here. SOMEBODY is playing chess and it ain’t the Trump team.,0
@FitzGaming101 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump Trump making America great again.,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via,0
78% of #AmericansDemandWitnesses McConnell says the Senate GOP doesn’t have the votes to block calling witnesses. That’s a pathetic statement, McConnell, revealing the political lens you view impeachment through.,0
@BrandonBeckham_ @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump is eally making America great again. Real good budget balancing. This fool will ruin America.,0
cc: @RepAdamSchiff @brianstelter CNN and Ignorance via,0
Epstein connections Jeff Stibel and Jeffrey Epstein were together on the advisory board of the lifeboat foundation Kobe Bryant and Jeff Stibel Unveil $100 Million Venture Capital Fund via #Epstein,0
GOP doesn’t have votes to block witnesses, McConnell says! Call your senators! Capital switchboard: 202-224-312. Also try: Gardner: (719) 543-1324 Collins: (207) 945-0417 Romney: (801) 524-4380 Murkowski: (907) 271-3735 Alexander: (731) 664-0289,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
This is pretty bad...,0
The rebel: Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
So much for the Boris-Donald special relationship on trade. via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Mandy Ginsberg is one of my personal heroes, a formidable leader and inspiring role model especially for ambitious women in tech. Happy she's putting her health first! #leanin #match #tinder,0
Good that @SecAzar is leading from the front but all this will be seen as indecision in retrospect if the cases in the U.S. increase significantly or if screening fails at even a small rate.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Ghosn and Fairness in Japan’s Legal System,0
@flowfocus Try capping interest rates:,0
Careful, friends! "the attributes of an avocado make its handling ripe for accidents." “They’re soft and then suddenly very hard + kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” said Dr. Daly, who co-authored the study. via @ailworth,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis via,0
The president's defense was adequate, but absent Pam Bondi's presentation, they never explained why the Bidens justified the president's actions. Hence the collapse among GOP fence sitters on calling witnesses. I predicted it and now it is coming true!,0
.⁦@DanRather⁩ McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachmentHearings,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
CNN and Ignorance,0
I'm starting to wonder if they set him up now.,0
A Belated Lesson From a Murdered Ancestor,0
Virginia May Kill Right to Work - . The Virginia Governor is going full steam ahead on Communist Dictatorship Rule. Wow,0
“Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's manuscript last year [late Dec], but wasn't briefed on its contents, sources say. He first learned about Bolton's allegations when the New York Times contacted the White House on Sunday.” Sure, Jan.,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
#MoscowMitch losing his iron grip on the #GOP. ⛏,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
“Polygenic scores are revolutionary because…[t]hey’re impervious to racism and other forms of prejudice.” -@charlesmurray Like many genetic tools, polygenic scores are developed using genetic databases that are disproportionately white. #gcchat,0
Everyone Loses on Huawei,0
Will Silicon Valley remake San Jose in its own image?,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Virginia May Kill Right to Work,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses When Mr. Bolton testifies, warning bells will be going off in Jay Sucklup's head: Danger--Danger--Danger!!! because their entire argument will crumble before their very eyes.,0
Mcconnell Doesn'T Have Votes To Block Witnesses,0
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version,0
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump Fake Fox News - now here's a REAL story:,0
It’s shrunk. Getting bigger though.,0
@realDonaldTrump Don’t look now but things just got worse...,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Dropping lke bats.,0
Amazon is expanding its warehouse operations in New York City as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to customers in the area,0
@IngrahamAngle LOL. Up is down, down is up, eh?,0
14th-Century Solutions to Student Debt - The Wall Street Journal,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Mergers have been long touted as a possible answer to the eurozone’s banking woes via,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via,0
75% of America wants witnesses. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
I sure hope you 2 are on the list for witnesses @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds Your jobs are a state. Do the right thing here. We want witnesses.,0
Survivors Mark 75th Anniversary of Auschwitz Liberation,0
@juanitagant @CNN @GOP I think that’s where it went. This is just as much about Biden as it’s about trump.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Now this is interesting... #ImpeachmentTrial GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
House Democrats use impeachment defense team's arguments against Trump in tax returns case,0
@Ron42Ja @RBReich I maybe conflating with Sen King (Independent, Maine) statement from yesterday. Here is the confirmation calling for witnesses but it does not give a firm number.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Republicans are scared they know they don't have the courage to stand up for the truth, USA and justice so they will continue to protect the guilty that betray America for greed, money and power,0
1-28-20 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - The Wall Street Journal,0
No. Never. Ever. Ever. "Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane?" 🦶🚫 ✈️ by @jacobwgallagher,0
The following is an interesting perspective that gives some insight into the real climate debate going on beyond the noise from deniers and alarmists. #marenvs20,0
If you #GoogleBernie you will find that his record on immigration is problematic:,0
“Where will we go?” she says. “You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.”,0
Interesting piece on Venezuela and how/why the US has been so far unsuccessful in their ‘regime change’ attempt there... How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela -,0
Really @SenateGOP @SenMajLdr @VP ??? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
. 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐍𝐄𝐖𝐒: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting. Schiff McConnell #PompeoMeltdown #TrumpDefense Kobe Bryant Nipsey Vanessa helicopter DOW,0
American Air: ninth Delta: first,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Reagan did it to us and now @realDonaldTrump is doing it to us. Supply side just doesn't work. via,0
Give us a break....unreal...GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
: d78ac361-b74a-49d9-b9e5-9eadf35eb54c,0
@SenMcSallyAZ @timkaine Veterans can't trust Martha McSally, who only cares about herself, any more than they can trust her master Donald Trump. We apologize.,0
Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's manuscript last year, but wasn't briefed on its contents, sources say. He first learned about Bolton's allegations when the New York Times contacted the White House on Sunday.,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
San Jose wants a new #Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via #Traffic #AffordableHousing #GoogleKnowsWayToSanJose,0
@HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Ask them why the IMF withheld money from Ukraine. Billions $$$ in loans had disappeared.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Bwhaha, good, serves you all right for blocking justice. -GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
"For Airbnb, with an expected valuation north of $30 billion, this ethic will test whether Wall Street will reward behaviors that don’t pad the bottom line." @johndstoll,0
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said,0
Incestuous #Vindman,0
@ImperialDemo @kubethy @HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Did you know IMF blocked loans to Ukraine because billions $$$ disappeared?,0
LOL. Maya MacGuineas going to be on Sunday TV to give Paul Ryan another fiscal responsibility award?,0
@IamBradMinoski @marcushjohnson To be fair, her whole campaign was “because I’m not Trump”. Also you are wrong,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
When the says it....,0
One thing I enthusiastically look forward to in a Dem admin is boldly attacking malpractice and blatantly anti-consumer policies without having to hear bullshit about invisible hand, let the market decide, and government shouldn’t pick winners and losers,0
Huawei Vice President Victor Zhang was pleased by the British government’s decision on 5G: “This evidence-based decision will result in a more advanced, more secure and more cost-effective telecoms infrastructure that is fit for the future." @MaximColch,0
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. by @ChipCutter,0
NICE! Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
$UVN Univision Suitor Seeks to Recruit CBS Chief to Front Bid,0
America's coolest city is all grown up. Here's a guide to Austin's more polished side, including the best places to find a quail corn dog and a custom-made Stetson.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
$NFLX Corrections &amp; Amplifications,0
@JoeBiden If you were in charge, "nothing would fundamentally change". -Joe Biden 2019 Link:,0
Not everyone comes to the USA to work, a lot want the freebies just like US citizens, easy money.,0
As the presidential election approaches, concerns about the spread of misinformation on TikTok are growing. Check out this informative video to learn more: #BCSTT,0
It's like your articles compete with each other.,0
@MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
@hjluks I’m just gonna leave this here: #murica,0
#Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of #iPhones, apps and its #AirPods wireless earbuds. ⁦⁩,0
@DonaldJTrumpJr @DonaldJTrumpJr What about this money you got.,0
Fortunately for Ukraine ". . . the U.S. elected a new President who provided the critical weapons Mr. Obama never would." @DNC @SenFeinstein @Sen_JoeManchin @GOP @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr CNN and Ignorance -,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic -,0
Very very good:,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Excited to share my quick take in opinion on why I’m a neocon,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China via ⁦⁩ These allegations are scary.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.,0
Wow. Workin’ on the railroad (as my old man did years ago) used to have a cachet status of sorts. Now, tech is derailing it.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via,0
: d410a03c-6b99-4a86-9b8b-5959bab59cde,0
Private-equity firm Platinum Equity wants to recruit CBS chief Joe Ianniello to front its bid to acquire Univision via,0
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he…,0
Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan -,0
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
Why would you want to block witnesses in a trial, but the Republicans don’t want a trial they want a cover up for trump. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial,0
Sounds like the #ImpeachmentTrial is set to continue into at least next week, maybe even longer.,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
@1kimoui @MiaFarrow Wait. You are angry about Bernie's campaign going to the convention? Were you angry when Clinton held on in 2008 - claiming Obama might be shot? Were you aware he vigorously campaigned for HRC?,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. Come to Florida!,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
🙏We shall see: #GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@TheDaniel_Ray GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston,0
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES.... needed, 51 senators so, can't dismiss, can't block lying witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Can a Harvard University Professor be Smart and Stupid at the same time? Yes. Charles Lieber, the Chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department arrested for SPYING for #China.,0
@IlhanMN Great.. you want farmers and blue collar workers to pay for people like this guy. $1m student debt, drives a Tesla and takes luxury ski trips.,0
Immigrants Come to America to Work.,0
@realDonaldTrump Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020,0
Something tells me this is not true . There is more than enough Republicans that will back that vote! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses.,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
New York City Spends $200 Million a Year to Aid High-Poverty Schools, With Mixed Results,0
: 762ea741-2bb0-470d-a5bf-9fc033b01dcb,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
No, this is fine, people. Totally normal... Really...,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
@Kat80650657 @lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @Lor_blueeyes @Thumper5465 @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @SONADORLIVESON @Impeachedforty5 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @jdd2169 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge @MockingQballs1 @FranciGirl85 @MaryChenevert @siempresoldados I told you sold. Thank you for making me The King. I look great. I told you nothing hurt me. I Untouchable. Checkmate.,0
Nobody should have to choose between food or working towards a better future,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
McConnell Says #GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment #Witnesses. Oh... please... let this be true. #SenateTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments,0
@RepAdamSchiff You and your ilk decided NOT to subpoena him back in early November. Can't you get your lies straight? 😂 #Trump2020,0
Receipts,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
#ccp is everywhere. #CCP_is_terrorist,0
@lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @SONADORLIVESON @808constituent @jdd2169 @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @Michael16862235 @QuareFellas @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge Checkmate Lou.,0
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses boltons book is inadmissable and the impeachment is unconstitutional nuff sed,0
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. via,0
: 18fb90fd-742c-4f52-8692-6b53a25a554f,0
Looks like the Demoncrats have at least 4 RINO Republican Senators willing to vote their way on impeachment issues. Mitt Romney will def be one along with Collins and Murkowski.,0
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes.,0
Big, if true McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic -,0
Wave, don’t swipe: How #Amazon wants to make your hand a credit card. 👋 💳 ► via #retail #innovation,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses “The bar for impeachment cannot be set this low,” said Jay Sekulow, Excuse me but does that mean a BJ remains HIGH on the bar according to the terms of the GOP?,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
AI Helps Spot Dental Fraud. System from startup @hello_pearl flags potentially fraudulent claims, administrative errors. @natehermes @MonicaRMiller @OphirTanz @drkylestanley @GumGum @BHdentistry @helmdds @DrMattNejad @BiomimeticCE @OstrowUSC @AAEDentistry,0
I hope this is true. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Much like Brexit itself, plans for a Brexit museum haven’t exactly gone smoothly. “It’s been a bit hit and miss.” via,0
@wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @9CatGhosts @Lor_blueeyes @lou_bruette @Thumper5465 @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @SONADORLIVESON @Impeachedforty5 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @jdd2169 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge @MockingQballs1 @FranciGirl85 @MaryChenevert @siempresoldados Checkmate,0
State Department Official Raised Concerns in 2015 Over Hunter Biden -,0
@wotrwokr @lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @SONADORLIVESON @808constituent @jdd2169 @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @Michael16862235 @QuareFellas @Lor_blueeyes @shrekthepunk @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge Checkmate Progress. I always win.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - ⁦⁩ #TrialsHaveWitnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
: Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down,0
Feds have emails from the prof to underlings detailing his intent to lie to the FBI and to Harvard officials last year. Seriously, just because you're smart does NOT mean you're likely to outsmart federal investigators 🤦‍♂️,0
Xilinx blamed a “perfect storm” of a slowdown in fifth-generation technology investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei Technologies.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses or Documents - @chipfranklin @NikkiMedoro,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
"Don’t bleed into the guacamole." Super Bowl fans try to avoid avocado-related injuries.,0
Going to the store? No need to take your card or phone if Amazon has its way. The tech giant is working with the likes of Visa and JPMorgan to let consumers pay with wave of a hand via,0
@FederalistNo78 @Shorty56167141 @ChristinePolon1 @QBlueSkyQ @MadAddictSport @BabeReflex_8 @karoolatas @Imaginer77 @LavenderLives @AnJillOfLight @MissiWhite4 @We_Have_Risen it also cuts life expectancy by 33 percent.,0
How come??? This is insane....,0
@katalva3 GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Report: GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
At a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents.,0
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans.,0
Western Investors Are Shark Bait in China’s $1.4 Trillion Bad-Debt Ocean -,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis So, in not so many words, Gardner says: please don’t let the truth be confirmed by witnesses or a few of us will be at risk in 2020 elections! Who would want to vote for a scheming, cheating candidate anyway???❗️,0
Rome has allowed and covered up abuse for hundreds of years. They’ve lost the right to be God’s representatives on earth and religion poisons everything.,0
Funny that this article talks about scaring ppl in the NYC subway if someone passes out from flu ... I did that in 2004. Woke up flat on my back,0
Let the witnesses speak! GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -(Then you better call all the witnesses that the House denied Trump),0
News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesnt Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
@cnn cements their Clown News Network title. CNN and Ignorance via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Solved by batch trades.,0
"Homes, like stocks, are a part of consumers’ overall wealth, meaning the housing slowdown, in turn, could further eat away at global growth if homeowners feel less well-off and curb their spending.",0
@wjmcgurn @GOCOAST Rofl.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set Parents cave in to kids’ relentless begging for Apple’s wireless white earbuds; schools ban them. All Jacob Mars wanted for Christmas was a pair of AirPods. Not the regular $159 model, AirPods Pro, He’s 11,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Way to go Trump! Didn't he tell us that he'd erase the debt in 8 years? Guess he thought he could just go bankrupt (like all the other times).,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
China: With criticism of the government spreading on social media, Mr. Xi has repeatedly instructed authorities to “strengthen the guidance of public opinions”—language seen as a call for censorship in Communist Party-speak.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via,0
#BabyBoomers: irresponsible as fuck. They ignore the fact that other generations will be stuck with the bills they leave behind. #okboomer #worstgenerationever #weareBroke The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - #YearOfTheRat #Coronavirus,0
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   via,0
Collapse of the nano-world and worse situation in self-fulling prophecy in trust.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Maybe now we will get to the bottom of whatever drug deal Mulvaney and Giuliani were cooking up.,0
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president,0
polygenic risk scores hit the Opinion page...but with a left handed double helix. Doh! 🙈 @charlesmurray,0
CNN and Ignorance via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
#Recipe for a #Cake Seriously Worth the Splurge - The Wall Street Journal,0
Hardware resurgence in face of shift to services... #BCNMI #DigitalEmpireBuilding,0
: e3e5876b-274d-46fa-bbfd-5cbd9bdbb1c4,0
@FsharpAsharp @FlowState_Photo @ChicagoCouncil Here's the first national article about the conversation:,0
Bring it. It's want Trump wanted all along MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
This skirmish victory was accomplished not by the Democrat impeachment managers alone, but also by my colleagues at @chkbal and folks at @ProjectLincoln and @gtconway3d and many more reasonable Republicans.,0
@PabloDiablo99 @carolineroyce @northerly_mag Keep telling yourself that and I'm sure you will affirm your opinion. Here's the first national coverage of the name change.,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses MERKOWSKI YOU NEED TO GET THE HELL OUT OF THE REPUPLICAN PARTY!!,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via ......,0
Smart. Well done ⁦@ProphetBrand⁩,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
.@bysarahkrouse and I wrote about these companies last year and described them as “elusive”. Will these civil restraining orders be enough to stick and really make a dent in robocalls? Still no criminal cases,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
@MarkCoh73362338 @HalaJaber Read and maybe you will know it to be true. You sound so ignorant do you that osma bin laden was in a group founded by the US to fight against the USSR in Afghanistan. That group which was the mujahadeen later became the Taliban.,0
"The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter [ ... Beijing]",0
The Democrats are so dumb. They’re about to shoot down their own candidate. Bring on Hunter and Joe. What’s the next move President Trump is gonna make the Democrats do on his behalf?,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis,0
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj,0
⁦@SenWarren⁩ ⁦@BernieSanders ⁦@KamalaHarris⁩ time to call the witnesses. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
From opinion: Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
One phone company targeted today, operating out of a residence with minimal equipment, in 23 days connected 720 MILLION ROBOCALLS mostly from India. Here’s a pic breaking down one week of calls state by state,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@indivisible_brd @realDonaldTrump Yippeee. Bring on Hunter and Joe. The Biden investigation is gonna happen because the Democrats demanded it after all. What’s the next move President Trump is gonna make the Democrats do on his behalf?,0
An episode of ‘The Conners’ will be performed live and will integrate the network’s coverage of the New Hampshire presidential primary into its plot. via,0
Travel Barriers Rise as WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response - The Wall Street Journal,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses DAMN YOU ROMNEY, GET OUT OF THEREPUBLICAN PARTY IF YOU CAN'T HELP THEM!!!,0
One phone company targeted today, operating out of a residence with minimal equipment, in 23 days connected 720 MILLION ROBOCALLS mostly from India. Here’s a pic breaking down one week of calls state by state,0
Here you go. To all my fellow @realDonaldTrump fan base. Use this video to shut up everyone running their mouth about our President and tell them to shut the Hell up with their hypocrisy.,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane?,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses SNAKE IN THE GRASS AKA MCCONNELL.,0
Maybe @SenateGOP noticed that those polls are rising. Now 75% of the public wants witnesses. Maybe @senatemajldr should have run this properly instead of doing his damnedest to make it look like a cover-up.,0
@Jenhatcher14Jen @nancylevine @joniernst @SenJoniErnst @realDonaldTrump never threatened anyone but this guy did and bragged about it on tv.,0
@Reuters GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Stop the cover up #MoscowMitch. Grow a pair. Get out of the sewer. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
TBH I think in this case, Wuhan/Hunei’s response =/= Beijing’s response.,0
@PuestoLoco The Wall Street Journal Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say.,0
@SenatorBurr The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say.,0
It's only Tuesday kids! Check back on Friday. #EnjoyTheShow,0
@SenAlexander The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say.,0
@SenatorCollins The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say.,0
Arconic Considers Job Cuts Due to Boeing 737 MAX Production Halt &lt; Fallout from the 737 MAX grounding is landing a lot wider than just Boeing.,0
Opinion | America’s Innovators Need Clear Patent Laws,0
@lisamurkowski CoryGardner The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say.,0
@garywhitta "We already know he's guilty and have made it clear we're okay with that, so why are you making us bored by proving it even more?" On the hope that enough of you are still capable of feeling shame that you flip on him, basically. Oh hey look,0
@HKrassenstein Also In The News : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
As Trump rallies supporters in NJ tonight, re-upping my story from yesterday about his campaign's ambitious Iowa caucus plans. via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@CoryGardner The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say.,0
@marklevinshow Bolton can testify now. What are you afraid of then?,0
Ooohhh la la let this be true... the people deserve to know the truth &amp; a fair trial with witnesses. Truth will now have the chance to finally come out. Don’t stop calling Senators. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands.,0
With the caveat that Mitch McConnell's political obituary has been prematurely written many times before, this development shows an impeachment trial quickly slipping out of @senatemajldr's control.,0
SDNY Bankrupycy Judge Morris is making it easier for borrowers with financial difficulties to modify their student loans through negotiation, potentially reducing their monthly payments to amounts they can more easily afford.,0
: 60cecaa4-7ed7-4c4a-9cbe-37223246d630,0
Yes @ubykotex 👏 It was time 🩸👉 Kotex uses realistic-looking red fluid in new ads, ditching the antiseptic-blue liquid that major brands usually deploy to represent menstrual blood via,0
Federal #antitrust regulators are probing a possible deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., the bankrupt milk-processing giant, as the dairy industry realigns after decades of declining milk consumption.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Harvard Spy Game. Charles Lieber lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding millions via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief to join NYT. 😏 ⁦@mizdonna⁩ ⁦@NHMommy1⁩ ⁦@Cara_TXZEAL⁩ ⁦@UrUnpaidPundit⁩ ⁦@LJT_is_me⁩ ⁦@Elaines2cents⁩ ⁦@KellySunshineT1⁩ ⁦@TexasKelGirl⁩ ⁦@weebutmightiest⁩,0
Good grief. Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Not all business models are equal. This piece by @konradputzier in @wsj details the differences between tech and real-estate startups, including capital requirements and risk profile.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@realDonaldTrump So is this!,0
E-commerce company eBay’s net revenue fell 2% from a year ago, the first year-over-year quarterly decline since eBay spun out PayPal Holdings in 2015,0
Should Chinese spies ever be allowed to walk our streets again?,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman, and Mr. Tillis called impeachment a sham. Ms. McSally’s office said she doesn’t comment on what happens in private meetings.,0
This is usual: Rick Scott, a Republican senator from Florida, is airing ads in Iowa bashing Joe Biden and his son ahead of the Democratic presidential caucuses.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Liberal @Harvard has a professor with ties to China which may have sold out his own country: #tuckercarlsontonight #tucker #treason,0
Would you look at that. Are spines starting to form in the Senate? GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
“Premature scaling in a capital-intensive business is insanity,” @gsands said. After WeWork, real-estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth by 's @KonradPutzier:,0
Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That.,0
@GOP BREAKING : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Who saw this coming? BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist - h/t ⁦@GeraldoRenata⁩,0
“An administration official said the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said.” This is not a fucking game. #DefendOurDemocracy,0
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic -,0
More Job Growth at Small Companies via,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending,0
⁦@chiIIum⁩ Martin Sandoval has agreed to cooperate w/fedl authorities conducting a broader corruption investigation in Illinois.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@bschapiroMD @LauraWhitt32 @Gimpmaker @jumpinjonnydee @ltecato @JasKeelan @Phoenix81977532 @M1APatriot @GiantPrepper @layoungbl @jennchem21 @MichaelBicak @ElizabethDelGi5 @kateneuropsych @Iamawesome169 According to the 2018 NBC News/Wall Street Journal Survey 47% of Americans have at least 1 firearm in their house.,0
is expanding its warehouse operations in Staten Island as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to its New York-area consumers.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses ROFL!!!!,0
“Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks.” #COpolitics #CoryGardner,0
⁦@COsweda⁩ Note acknowledges “Is­rael has un­prece­dented sup­port from the Gulf Arab states, which are united w/Is­rael against Iran &amp; have grown tired/Pales­tin­ian re­jec­tion­ism.” Recalling when you were only 1 to foresee such possibilities.,0
cybersecurity cyberattacks cybersecurity cybersecurity,0
Leaders at the forefront of the healthcare, food, gaming, creative, and real estate industries predict the future of their workplaces via,0
The WHO said Tuesday that it had identified three new infection cases outside China without the onset of any symptoms. Another 14 had developed symptoms after leaving China. One involved a human-to-human transmission among family members in Vietnam.,0
McConnell Says DEMS Have Votes to Call Impeachment Witnesses.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #JohnBoltonMustTestify,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via "An administration official said the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said.",0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses...,0
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
On Monday, a flight from Nagoya to Shanghai was delayed five hours after passengers refused to board with tourists from Wuhan. Passengers who had recently been to Hubei were seated separately and placed in quarantine upon arrival. @StephanieAYang,0
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018,0
@GOPChairwoman @JaiceHarmon @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump bankrupted a casino... #WalkAway A CASINO,0
@GOP @realDonaldTrump BREAKING : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
@ChrisBEsq @RepAdamSchiff Here you go buddy boy, two can play this game.,0
@thehill GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
For Wuhan’s home province of Hubei, the U.S. State Department issued its highest Level 4 alert on Tuesday—the same warning used for N. Korea, Iran and Venezuela. @StephanieAYang,0
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak is breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
Bankrupt grocery chain Lucky’s Market won court approval to use the cash of majority shareholder and secured lender Kroger to operate,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Odds Are Good Fed Will Tweak #IOER Higher This Week, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy -,0
What is old is new - what makes no sense still makes no sense. The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive,0
My op ed in tomorrow’s Wall Street Journal on steps we should take to prevent epidemic spread of #coronavirus with #FDA collleague Lu Borio, formerly of the National Security Council. opinion,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Some New FOMC Voters Ripe for Hawkish Switch, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy -,0
SEC Urges Better Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms -,0
@EricTrump FUCKED FOREVER #IMPEACHEDFOREVER 🤡 GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
RINO's raising their Godless, evil, backstabbing heads.,0
YET...……. how many #Dems don't like a circus GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses then it is fuckin over and he will be rfemoved as pence is next,0
#Trump #ImpeachmentTrials Defense Day 3 #MoscowMitch tells his caucus he doesn't have the votes to prevent witnesses and documents,0
I'm fairly sure that Apple hasn't said anything about them "transitioning to services",0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Looming Treasury Bill Shortage Creates Problem for Fed, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy -,0
This is the last thing Trump wants to see. John Bolton almost certainly will be called in as a witness. Reportedly Bolton explicitly says in his coming book that Trump gave the order to withhold the congressionally mandated military aid pkg to Ukraine.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial,0
@Jak_Riemer @mchooyah I read The , The Times, and my local paper daily and then a smattering of other stuff. Honestly, I have problems believing you read the Journal daily if you’re touting ridiculous Burisma conspiracy theories that The has debunked a half dozen times.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
#DitchMitch McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Idea That Fed #Repos Are Driving Markets Gains Traction, in CentralBanks - #moneymarkets -,0
When will people stop worshiping the Ivies?,0
@vegasseanbond But wait! There's more!,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses WISH THEY DIDNT HAVE THE VOTES TO AQUIT THIS IDIOT! ONLY GOOD NEWS IS WE DONE HAVE TO HAVE PENCE &amp; MOTHER FILL IN,0
Narrator: He will have the votes by Friday. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
..GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
"Google representatives have said the company’s primary responsibility is to shareholders, not to solving the ills of an entire region." San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Central Banks Need to Take Action on #ClimateChange, Report Says, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks -,0
State Department will issue rules restricting U.S. travel for pregnant foreigners, a move the Trump administration wants to crack down on what it calls ‘birth tourism’ via,0
@MoffittNews @Harvard @elkingtonxy @LifeSciVC @Dereklowe @gbrumfiel @aviswanatha Has Thomas Feddo commented on Lieber's arrest and implications on #CFIUS enforcement? @KatyStech,0
Republicans don't have the votes to block witness testimony,0
BIG DONALD TRUMP LEGAL TEAM ENERGY,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: The Fed Is Having a Hard Time Reaching Everyday Folks, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks -,0
With 36 hours of arguments on the Senate floor behind us, a break down of what Democrats argued and how the White House rebutted those points:,0
@MonkeyWithKeys @BoianMarvin @Yo_Susanna @JonahDispatch @SenRickScott @SpecialReport For example, when I google, it says Monica Lewinsky was never a Senate witness.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - “Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel #trump,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: A Twitter Battle Over Fed’s Political Profile Flares Up, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks -,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Shame on you GOP No loyalty You think Dems R going 2 help you,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Tuesday to Bring Update on Fed’s Market Intervention Plans, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy #repo -,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Court Case Doesn’t End Regional Fed Bank Status Questions, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks -,0
@MarshaBlackburn "Mr. Bolton is a central fact witness. The story is incomplete without him, and his testimony could prove crucial. He is respected among conservatives, who know him from Fox News; he was U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.",0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: A Fed Critic Takes Aim at Central Bank’s Rate-Control Tools, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy -,0
@SenCoryGardner @SenSchumer @SenateForeign Put politics aside @SenCoryGardner and stop blocking impeachment witnesses. Gardner's spokesman confirmed to that he doesn't care about Truth: "Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman.",0
PLOT TWIST on #ImpeachTheMF TV😵 Senate Majority Leader &amp; Kentucky Fried Chickensh*t #MitchMcConnell is SHOOK he ain't got enough votes to block fmr. Nat'l Security Advisor #JohnBolton from testifying original recipe for panic that's FINGER-LICKIN GOOD😤,0
The coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, which has all but sealed off China’s Hubei province, could have an outsize impact on the global auto industry, which has established a large footprint in the central China region.,0
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj,0
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj,0
"Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial." And so they begin to crack. GET THEM @SenateDems,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Academics Take Aim at Regional Fed Banks in New Research, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy -,0
Evidence for CCP setting up bio weapons lab #WuhanCoronovirus,0
U. S. business investment fell in December, according to a closely watched proxy measure, providing the latest sign of softness in manufacturing.,0
‘Black Wave’ Review: Islam Against Itself Saudi Arabia, Iran and the 40-year rivalry that unraveled culture, religion and collective memory in the Middle East Ms. Ghattas, a Lebanese-born journalist lays out a story that whispers: We did it to ourselves.,0
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like via,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby’s Take: Fed May Tweak a Key Rate Again, but This Time With a Move Higher, in CentralBanks - #IOER #reverserepo -,0
WOW! So there are still a few Republican Patriots.,0
to counter Democrats’ charges. The report was confirmed by The New York Times, ABC News, The Washington Post and The Daily Beast.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
#Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong #iPhone, App Sales,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Trump Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” #Israel via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Travel Barriers Rise as WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus, offered a public boost to a government response that has come under fire for a lack of transparency. As Hong Kong, Singapore and Russian provinces limit travel from China.,0
Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan -,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
TPG in Talks to Split With Its $33 Billion Credit-Investing Arm: #PrivateEquity #TPG,0
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks Here's his commentary, starting from the beginning of #2020: @michaelsderby’s Take: Fed Surmounts #Repo Market Challenge, at Least for Now, in CentralBanks -,0
The Wall Street Journal ✔ Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say,0
Can’t believe I’m alive to see Israel partitioned for a two-state solution again. Seeing the maps of what a potential Palestinian state could look like, as well as what Israel could look like with the Jordan Valley— it’s almost a bit overwhelming.,0
Ouch. Academic stupidity of highest order. @Harvard professor arrested for fudging funding coming from China in the aftermath of #coronavirus .,0
@ddale8 @chestnut_daniel He left out some facts man. You fools believe anything this man says. The 10yr forecast for the economy is bleeding.,0
Is it ever acceptable to go barefoot on a flight?,0
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018,0
Regulators to propose removing 3% limit on stake banks can own in venture funds they offer clients #VentureCapital by @amacker,0
⁦@willchamberlain⁩ ⁦@JaySekulow⁩ State Department during Obama Admin Raised Concerns in 2015 Over Bidens.,0
Today!!! (Arrested for alleged ties with China and Wuhan University of Technology) Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
I'm reading this article. @SenMcSallyAZ is one of my senators. She's mentioned along with Gardner and Tillis. "Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman.",0
Golden APPLE posts record holiday earnings...: Golden APPLE posts record holiday earnings... (Top headline, 1st story, link) --- Related stories: Highest quarterly revenue -- ever! iPhone sales smash expectations... STOCK SPIKES... TV+ misses... Drudge…,0
@KyleClark @SenCoryGardner Well we know where @CoryGardner stands now... #copolitics #cosen,0
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump...: UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... (Second column, 15th story, link) --- Drudge Report Feed needs your support!   Become a Patron,0
@SenSchumer News Flash 🙂,0
Keep it this way.•Trial needs witnesses and documents pertinent to the #ImpeachmentTrial @SenatorCollins @MittRomney @lisamurkowski @CoryGardner @SenThomTillis @SenMcSallyA @AmyMcGrathKY @Reuters @nytimes @phoenixnewtimes @NBCNews @USATODAY @nytimes,0
@PoisonedMarine @MatteoGioA @ChuckCallesto Democrats being Democrats,0
@OPCGhost So the two most progressive people running have a combined total that eclipses the moderate, and your point is?,0
"U.S. podcast advertising revenue was about $678 million in 2019," #Podcasts,0
I'll believe it when I see it. Counting chickens 🐔 is not allowed when the stakes are this high! . McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@justinamash I guess @justinamash is a liar. Sad. "The House declined to subpoena him (Bolton) in an effort to move quickly and not get bogged down in court fights.",0
@emetaz @KeystoneTake @johnlk_80 @samstein Sorry I was wrong on the timing, but still goes to prove that Bernie didn't say he'd endorse HRC for weeks after his loss was known. "when asked by email if Mr. Sanders’s comment amounted to an endorsement, a spokesman replied, “No.” " ,0
This reminded me of a running joke around the world about how Lieber's lab solely consists of Chinese students and post-docs :D Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Behind closed doors, Tillis has dropped all pretenses &amp; admitted he's only approaching this trial as to how it'll best help him politically. Not just that but he's now "warning" his colleagues to go along with a cover up to save his skin #ncsen #ncpol,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social #Science: Wall Street Journal,0
U.S. expands airport screening to 20 airports for #coronavirus #travel #health #alerts via,0
Martin Sandoval has agreed to cooperate with federal authorities conducting a broader corruption investigation in Illinois.,0
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@EliseStefanik GOP And It’s Allies Are Lying To American Public ! . . GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
We can't have a trial without witnesses!,0
@SenCoryGardner Why is it that you’re unconcerned about this President’s actions and how they impact America? “Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman.”,0
@Jason_Rowley @pointsnfigures @EddyElfenbein “Apple does not restrict itself to accepting funds from sophisticated investors. Apple invests the money of everyday investors, like a mutual fund—but without telling investors what they own, the most basic protection mutual funds offer”,0
E-commerce company eBay’s net revenue fell 2% from a year ago, the first year-over-year quarterly decline since eBay spun out PayPal Holdings in 2015 via,0
😁😁😁 GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
@realDonaldTrump BREAKING : . . GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses -,0
This Is Not Good. #DeepState Has Scared RINOS Under Thumb @realDonaldTrump @JaySekulow @cecki @tbrown83096079 @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @BlueBonnet_TR @pegalomania #KAG #ImpeachmentTrials #Trump,0
CNN and Ignorance via,0
Finally cracking down? Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers by charging fractions of a cent for each call they connect. via #robocalls,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
too much to hope for:,0
“The great thing about getting to play characters in acting is that you get to draw on anything in your motherboard that will be useful in the moment,” Catherine O’Hara says of her quirky creation Moira Rose on TV comedy “Schitt’s Creek.",0
Trepp’s Manus Clancy shares retail insights with the . Track lending activity using best of class TreppLoan and see what’s happening in your market. #Trepp # #CRE,0
For the record, and because I am seeing a lot of b.s pertaining to this, Bernie campaigned vigorously for Hillary, far more so than she did for Obama. Receipts below. : Bernie Sanders Packs Schedule With Campaign Stops for Hillary Clinton,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Does this mean some GOP members finally grew a pair? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@seanhannity trump is DONE.,0
Sen. Mur­phy (D.), “I worry that we are ask­ing the Ukraini­ans to make eco­nomic re­forms in the mid­dle of an in­va­sion that are sim­ply un­re­al­is­tic given the very fact that the Rus­sians are oc­cu­py­ing ter­ri­tory and at­tack­ing the front lines.,0
The progressive movement can and will win. We're tired of the same old, same old, that got us in this mess.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
This Charlie Foxtrot of a impeachment trial is a joke...anyone want to guess what happens if the Republicans don’t hold the line for the votes? McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
So apparently @SenCoryGardner is more concerned with his own re-election than the Constitution he swore to uphold. Time to make some calls. His Denver office (303) 391-5777, DC (202) 224-5941 A real trial needs witnesses &amp; evidence via,0
Alternate headline: GOP Doesn't Have Votes To Continue Cover-up.,0
@SenatorLankford Will you vote to withdraw aid, to Israel, based upon corruption charges? You can't have it both ways. #WitnessesAndDoucuments,0
There's millie-mouth moscow mitch!!! I hope how soon I never have see his lying face ever again! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Testimonies Place Trump at Center of Ukraine Pressure Campaign -,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Honestly I wouldn't disarm for money either. Would you? Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Now Republicans will turn their strategy to making witness depositions classified and confidential so no one can hear them.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
#Breaking: McConnell says GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses! #SenateImpeachmentTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
I have to wonder: If 5G brings work to your home, what will happen to the traditional office? #BCSTT,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
GOP doesn't have the votes to block witnesses.,0
@MrBiv @ChrisMartineau1 @charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump Trumps disdain for Ukraine wasn't reported much, but it started early in his Presidency. Trump has repeatedly described Ukraine as “totally corrupt” and full of “terrible people,” administration officials say. via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @FOX28News FULL ARTICLE IN THREE PHOTOS BELOW,0
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
"That criticism keeps appearing on social media…speaks to the challenge that Beijing faces…'Even an authoritarian government needs to take into account public opinions,' said one editor at the official Xinhua News Agency." @Lingling_Wei,0
A damning review of Communist Chinese health care system. A Made-in-China Contagion,0
Users of social media have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” (冠状病毒) with “government official-shaped virus” (官状病毒)—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. @Lingling_Wei,0
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston via,0
#MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting!,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@RascalPinkish @k_artig @shaunking @JoeBiden @BernieSanders Nah, he doesn't have to drop out for us to win 😉 Enjoy your guys' second primary loss though 😉😉,0
The Impeachment Soap Opera has been picked up for another season! @RealDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @parscale @Scavino45 @MariaBartiromo @IngrahamAngle @trish_regan @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @JudgeJeanine @PrisonPlanet @dbongino,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Dems should be careful what they wish for.,0
“If Hubei people must die, we should die knowing the reason.” China has tightened control of the media and public discourse—yet negative messages continue to get through. Smart piece from @Lingling_Wei.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Provocative op-ed on the patent-innovation balance (and Alice) from my friend @TheRealMattDowd and former Fed. Cir. Chief Judge Michel,0
Moscow Mitch says he does NOT have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@SenCoryGardner speaks finally #Colorado. He is trying to suppress witnesses with his buddy McSally. Disqualifying Senator. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #ImpeachmentHearings #ImpeachmentTrial,0
@dbongino Big whoop. #TrumpGoinDown #MAGA,0
[post] ETFs were a true financial innovation. You can now add target-date funds to that list. image:,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
The spread of the coronavirus could hurt some businesses, but executives say it is too early to know the financial impact,0
#Oil, #Copper Drop on Coronavirus Fears,0
@ax5050fox 😃😄😁😆😅🤣😂🙂🤗 NOT SO FAST, there, Chuckle Jizz. Uh oh...#POSPOTUS #LiarInChief #GOPCoverup,0
Six Days in the Senate: How Democrats, Trump Team Tried the Impeachment Case @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
@MythSerene This one goes into more detail and ties the witness vote to the acquittal vote,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Known liberal rag The Wall Street Journal *looks at notes* says that the GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial?,0
Today's effort:,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - Pandora’s box! Please let this be true! 🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses...key fact from this article: the house refused to subpoena Bolton when he declined to originally testify. So now the onus is on the senate because the house dems wanted to move quickly ?,0
Arrested today: Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
“...Mitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he didn't show it to senators.”,0
I won’t believe it till I see that mustache in the witness chair.,0
@PalmerReport @patyvillaescusa #MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting!,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018,0
“As part of the Thou­sand Tal­ents pro­gram, Wuhan Uni­ver­sity of Tech­nol­ogy gave Mr. Lieber more than $1.5 mil­lion to set up a re­search lab in China, ac­cord­ing to the com­plaint.”,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Good News,0
link to article, dude’s a good writer,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
My co-worker had her Catalytic Converter Stolen for the Palladium within it. This is insane!! So they just fucked up her car just for metal. She was driving to work and she heard scraping and when she got to work she noticed her muffler was dragging.,0
: 9a42fcc8-6f51-49af-b0c2-7f57d20964bc,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses What happened to "Dead on arrival," you lying piece of crap. McConnell, you and Romney both need to make it formal and switch parties. You're both Democrats !!,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Says an administration official: “We are still in the game.” Updated story on a wild day with the stellar Hill team:,0
The Middle East has been very active this month.,0
@CharlesMurray does not understand genetics or the purpose of polygenic scores. More importantly, he has no concept of what causality is. A handful of SNPs that "add up" to some observed trait is in no way to be deemed causal.,0
@CavazosLiz @seungminkim @maggieNYT McConnell has according to the :,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
@realDonaldTrump #MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting!,0
@a_riggs6 @shrekthepunk @Kat80650657 @jdd2169 @PATRIQT_1776 @Michael16862235 @808constituent @BigFurryNemo @SONADORLIVESON @ethanrafael7 @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @Thumper5465 @QuareFellas @lou_bruette @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @aorgat @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 Shhh 🤫 CheckMate Lol 😂,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
At today’s GOP conference meeting, Gardner, McSally and Tillis—who face competitive races in the fall—addressed their colleagues. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks.,0
Here's what I wrote about it in the @wsj in 2006:,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
uh, Caltrain would like a word,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
@thehill BREAKING ; GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
@nc_turn @StephenBright @RebelBlue36 ONLY 230 people have been evacuated out of a 1000. The rest have to promise to pay the government back!,0
@almostjingo "Beijing has denied any systematic effort to steal American scientific research, and Chinese state media have called U.S. allegations of intellectual-property theft a political tool." Does ANYONE in the US with half a brain believe this?👆,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
History repeats it's self,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ticktock,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
@caitlynkim Placed against this excerpt of what happened in that lunch meeting, this Gardner quote is pretty damn disingenuous. #copolitics #cosen,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, concedes McConnell,0
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial via,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
I’d love to see data looking at overlap between those who suffer ‘avacado hand’ and those burned on Thanksgiving by trying to deep fry turkeys. I’d guess a strong correlation. Or maybe I’m just overly cautious.,0
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial,0
Romney sold out. Again.,0
@SoSofieFatale How about Murdoch owned ? PleaseOhPleaseOhPlease,0
: BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses The fact that they wanted to block witnesses is still the problem. They all must go!,0
🚨McConnell Can't Stop Witnesses Today But Has 2 Days To Pressure GOP🚨 💥KEEP CONTACTING - WITNESSES &amp; FAIR TRIAL💥      1-202-224-3121       FREE FAX text resist to 50409       Email #Resist #PostcardsToVoters #IDDEMS #idpol,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
LATEST: Mitch McConnell says Republicans do not have the votes to block impeachment witnesses.,0
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting &lt;TimeToStormTheCastle&gt;,0
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018,0
@RadioFreeTom begs to differ. Who do we believe?,0
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
@ChuckMindenhall Can you please explain to me how a league like the WNBA, can come to the bargaining table and get significant upgrades to their deal, and a league like the UFC are not even 1 inch closer to doing the same? @shaunalshatti,0
Some Vulnerable GOP Senators Warn Colleagues Against Drawn-Out Trial via,0
Blech. “The #CDC conducted ‘mystery patient’ drills at ERs in 49 NYC hospitals... In 78% of cases, the ER staff gave these patients masks &amp; isolated them quickly. Even so, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands.” ⁦@Betsy_McCaughey⁩,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
“Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, people familiar with the matter said.”,0
Interesting article. 3 gop sen don’t want witnesses because it would drag on too long &amp; they’re facing tough challengers in 2020 elections.,0
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa,0
A great look inside what it takes to run a high road firm... 80% of Nehemiah's workforce includes ex-convicts, and if you think it's a feel good, publicity stunt, think again — the company's annual turnover is only 15%, well below the national average.,0
FAKE NEWS is desperate! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
@ZelenskyyUa @RudyGiuliani [8] Senate never returned from recess. Tomorrow begins the 16 hours of questioning the prosecution and defense by the Senators. According to the Wall St. Journal, @senatemajldr, McConnell doesn't have the @SenateGOP votes to block impeachment witnesses (,0
A new low in American journalism. Sad and shameful.,0
Maybe American voters WILL get to hear from witnesses. KEEP CALLING! They work for us. #WitnessesAndDocuments #ImpeachmentTrial,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - . scum RIno's pull back stab.....,0
Tech giants are facing a reckoning at home over the housing shortages, traffic, and inequality that accompany their growth. ⁦@realrobcopeland⁩ &amp; I report from San Jose, Calif. on tensions over plans for a Google HQ2,0
NEW: Our piece on the 3 big China cases today alleging 1) Harvard chemistry chair lied re millions in Chinese funding 2) PLA official used Boston University as base to study U.S. military 3) Researcher tried to sneak vials to China in a sock w @aviswanatha,0
$AMZN Amazon Scoops Up More Warehouse Space on Staten Island,0
Cool!,0
See video, which cannot be seen on youtube as of yet. A wealth tax is about properrty seizure. They will say your house has appreciated in value, and you now owe a wealth tax of X percent, forcing some to sell. See video : 2/2,0
@senatemajldr if this happens, I'm switching back to a Democrat, they at least stick together and do whatever it takes to succeed.,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump?,0
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin via,0
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is the grandmaster of checkmate in the Senate. This is a feint to ensure the most brutal pressure is inflicted on Senate Republicans by the White House and the Republican Party before Friday's vote on witnesses.-BW. @USSC.,0
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
BRING ALL THE WITNESSES YOU WISH JUST MAKE SURE YOU BRING THE BIDEN'S, WHISTLE BLOWER, AND ADAM SCHIFF!,0
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin,0
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. Even in a quorum as biased as the Senate having an acquittal without witnesses can't be justified,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Keep calling your Senators! Demand witnesses! #GOPCoverup GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
President Trump decries ‘socialism,’ but is happy to redistribute wealth and hand out taxpayer money to corporations and banks, via,0
Source of info: 2/2 #LetBoltonTestify,0
If accurate, this is ridiculous...did they listen to Pres defense team? Do they realize what they are doing? @GOP @senatemajldr GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell says @GOP DOES NOT have #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Senate majority leader @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting!,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
This may be too good to be true but I am cautiously hopeful!,0
"Impartial juror" @CoryGardner says what? 🤔 #copolitics #cosen,0
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. via #gold #silver #goldprice #bullion #preciousmetals #dollar #Fed,0
“That’s when people try seven-layer dip,” Dr. Patel said. “Take precaution when you make it.” A fun read as I start preparing for the big game. #GoNiners! via,0
From Discover on Google,0
New: CBS Chief Joe Ianniello has been approached by one of the suitors for Univision, which wants him to front its bid: w/@CaraRLombardo and @miriamgottfried. Joe hasn't decided yet.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Just scroll down to @z_shapiro's article in the bottom. It's awesome. "When I confess my neoconservatism to my peers, I often quote Dr. Tobias Fünke of “Arrested Development,” assuring them, 'There are dozens of us! Dozens!'",0
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
When Is It Safe for Children to Start Strength Training? - this is for you ⁦@GaryCTS⁩,0
Academia's being co-opted by Chinese govt is one of the worst kept secrets ever. This is just tip of iceberg? Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
We will see. Not getting my hopes up.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade. via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. via,0
What do you know! Not enough votes to block witnesses,0
@C_and_E This news just reinforces what @HunterLamirande touched on in his piece:,0
@kylegriffin1 McConnell Says @GOP DOES NOT have the #Votes to block Impeachment Witnesses!,0
for the first time in a long time, I have some hope of course Trump and McConnell are going to twist arms but this was unthinkable a week ago imagine where the momentum could take us via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via,0
@Ojdadana Today's Poles accused for WWII implementation? They are projecting. Hold accusers of Poland complicit for 100 million deaths of Communism. Solzhenitsyn Churchill &amp; GB Foreign Office named the Bolsheviks.,0
India prepares to sell 100% of national carrier Air India after earlier attempts to sell smaller stake fails via,0
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
@VoteBlue4Us @pirateannie16 @StephenBright @WhiteHouse Our Goverment is forcing evacuees to pay back the goverment for the plane flight!!! read the article!,0
The pendulum keeps swinging back &amp; forth... but maybe the #ImpeachmentTrial is FINALLY going 2 be fair! Heros= 1) Whistleblower 😇 &amp; 2) Leaker to @nytimes of draft excerpts Bolton manuscript😃 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell doesn't have the votes. Keep calling your Senators. 202-224-3121.,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
We'll see, not holding my breath.,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. Immigrants must be financially self supporting. Great idea to ensure immigrants are not a drain on the country’s welfare programs.,0
CNN and Ignorance via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentTrial 2020 DJT,0
news that npr will not tell you about.,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
‼️ “at a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called” #witnesses,0
Headline- tiny fraction of patriots among Putin’s Comarades. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@washingtonpost Confirm story that @SenateGOP don't have the votes?,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers,0
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers.,0
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - @vfiorg,0
One factor that could soon help a lot more workers ditch the daily commute and the strictures of office life for the comforts of home is the popular “5G Revolution,0
Only a corrupt government would even seek to block witnesses,0
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   via,0
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
BREAKING....Please let it be true GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Data analytics, #AI, and other tools of the digital age can help marketers improve CX, but they also may raise concerns about data usage and privacy. Here's how brands can build trust with customers:,0
Senate majority leaders Mitch McConnell says Republicans don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial.,0
Oops. @SenMcSallyAZ and GOP colleagues say the quiet part out loud: They oppose a fair Senate trial with witnesses, because it might hurt their political career. #azsen,0
Witnesses!,0
Good. Now let's see if the GOP has found their collective spine...GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
🚨 : Gardner, McSally &amp; Tillis "warned" against hearing from witnesses b/c "a drawn-out trial could lead to more Democratic attacks and hurt their re-election chances, the people said." #cosen #copolitics #azsen #ncsen #ncpol,0
Not enough votes to block witnesses?,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Breaking news GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
If you think that the coronavirus isn’t affecting the markets than you’re utterly stupid. Dow drops hard, trade deals shutdown? Bitcoin isn’t going anywhere whatever happens, and so it doesn’t dump it pumps. $xbt $btc,0
@Ghousertatt @Arriadna FACT: debt at record high:,0
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter what officials say is a plot by Beijing to mine U.S. universities,0
You don't say. "The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of allegedly lying to the U.S. about millions in Chinese funding he has received," misleading about "participation in China’s Thousand Talents Plan.",0
"Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses." via #AZSEN,0
If Trump goes to court to prevent witness testimony, can CJ Roberts allow testimony in the Senate anyway?,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
This is the takeaway from the first @pswagel briefing on the January CBO outlook: “There’s not a crisis today... The longer we wait, the more difficult it gets.” My updated story:,0
Late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. #Republicans had hoped to wrap up the #SenateTrial with an acquittal of the president by this week.,0
so Gardner, McSally &amp; Tillis aren't just opposing witness testimony - they're 'warning' their GOP colleagues to help them block witnesses &amp; support a cover-up to protect their own political careers. #COSen #AZSen #NCSen,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
: Let's here from John Bolton, via #mtpol,0
How is this even possible????😡😡😡 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
“Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project",0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #news #feedly,0
I suddenly hear Eric Idle singing, “🎶Always look at the bright side of life!🎶”,0
You are a snake and a horrible person @SenatorRomney How DARE YOU! cc: @MittRomney,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
@LindseyGrahamSC Stooge.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
This. "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" Dum-Dum-Dump-Drumph #CallWitnesses #FairTrial #SenatorsDoYourDuty,0
Looks like the Groundhog saw his shadow which means 6 more weeks of Impeachment.,0
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers,0
#MoscowMitch doesn’t have enough @SenateGOP votes to block witnesses.,0
Wow. These sure don't sound like impartial jurors to me... #COSen #AZSen #NCSen,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @senatemajldr @SenateGOP @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz we want witnesses to appear and documents released by @realDonaldTrump . We will not tolerate a COVER-UP.,0
So that means they're going to have to treat this like...an actual trial? The SOTU is going to be amazing this year.,0
What do you consider a fair—or unfair—trade-off between improved services and reduced privacy? Where do you draw the line?,0
@WillaoWoman @senatemajldr Lol 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
@rob0349 @immerresistdjt On top of that he is leaving over 700 Americans in Wuhan China as the plane only had room for 250 and those people have to pay back the government more than double what it would cost for a commercial air flight!,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@Jim_Jordan Lol, 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
SUR supporters have sent thousands of calls and emails demanding witnesses testify. Your work is paying off. But there are two days of questions before the Senate votes on witnesses. We have to keep the pressure on. Call and email your Senators every day.,0
Fingers crossed #Impeachment,0
@World_In_Mins 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121,0
McConnell says Republicans don’t have the votes to block impeachment trial witnesses, reports,0
@GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses #JohnBoltonMustTestify #TrumpImpeachment #UkraineExtortion,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP #ImpeachmentNOW defense lawyer @JaySekulow says that impeachment "is not a game of leaks and unsourced manuscript. That is politics...." Sekulow might want to consult with his colleague #KenStarr about his practices.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
#Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor #Israeli Goals. Detailed blueprint outlines how to resolve issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades,0
APPLE posts record holiday earnings...,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
The Left &amp; #fakenews are pulling the same BS they pulled during the Brett Kavanaugh hearings! And guess what!? These lame ass RINO's are allowing it to happen, AGAIN! If they acquiesce to the Socialists &amp; allow witnesses holy hell will follow, bank on it!,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
@thehill Too late Lindsey, your goose is cooked.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
The tide is turning.,0
These people are a riot. "White House counsel Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's book last year... but he was not briefed on its contents and first learned of it when the NYT contacted the WH before it published a story about it",0
Rumor has it the #ComplicitCorruptGOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses from testifying at the #ImpeachmentTrials where all senators heard details about why Mr Tiny Hands was #ImpeachedForever.,0
#Earthquakes, #CoronaViruses, and finally, A rainbow!!!!!,0
.@GoogleHealth &amp; @DeepMindAI created a #AI model helping doctors spot breast cancer - currently affecting “1 in 8 women in the U.S.” According to @AmericanCancer. @babbott42,0
CNN and Ignorance via,0
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he…,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
BREAKING: Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, after his legal team concluded its defense presentation. - 'GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses',0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
What the hell is wrong with these Republicans??? @GOP ________________________________ GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he…,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
#CNN#Lemon#Fired/ and Ignorance via,0
Does this mean there's actually hope? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
The government will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 and deficits will exceed that amount every year for the foreseeable future. via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses ".....infinitely malleable....." Poor Pat. He obviously hasn't read the U.S. Declaration of Independence recently.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 😮,0
CNN and Ignorance,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - . Prediction: Trump and the Republicans will cut what they call “entitlements” like #SocialSecurity #Medicare and #Medicaid. Better vote Blue folks. #TrumpTaxScam ⁦,0
Hope and Faith. Things to live for. Things that invite unity. Thank you @SenateGOP @SenateDems GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
It looks like McConnell is Saying the GOP does NOT have the votes to block witnesses at the Impeachment... This just got kinda interesting!🧐,0
Call your Senator RIGHT NOW! 202-224-3121! I'm calling mine RIGHT NOW! (Oh crap wait is Gillibrand a hard G or a soft G? I always forget for some reason.) (Oh god it's ringing. If she answers this could be super embarrassing!!),0
Trump’s Middle East approach: Palestinians need to recognize their position is getting worse daily as Israel expands into Arab territories, and accepting Trump’s peace initiative may represent their last hope to salvage their own state. Via @GeraldFSeib,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses,0
Breaking News: GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
#MoscowMitchMcTreason tells Republikkkans they don't have the votes to avoid calling witnesses to #SenateTrial. No love lost between he &amp; #Trump. Political expediency. Was this was part of his plan? #AmericansDemandWitnesses #BoltonWillTestify #OneVoice1,0
Charles Murray first blamed poverty on lazy Blacks, then on morally inferior Whites, and now on #Genetics.,0
🎼 You don’t have the votes Huh-huh huh, huh, huh,0
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory on Monday,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Yep, I've done this.,0
NEW: McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses He is giving trump a heads up so he has an evening and night to threaten those who might not vote the way he wants. More Mafia threats?,0
@JaySekulow #WitnessesAndDocuments are necessary for any trial, especially those with first hand information like Sondland, Bolton, Mulvaney and Duffey. The Bidens have no knowledge of what Dumpf did. This is not about them.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Call them all then. Open it up baby! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
EBay Profit Declines Amid Strategic Review,0
@realDonaldTrump McConnell says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to block Impeachment Witnesses! #WitnessesAndDocuments,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
White House counsel Cipollone learned of Bolton's claims in book on Sunday, a person familiar with the matter says,0
@JohnCornyn Since you like citing the .,0
- Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan - Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - I’m starting to get some hope back.,0
@Alyssa_Milano McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Update: Complicit GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@SenThomTillis An impeachment inquiry is an investigation and charge of misconduct. Your job in the Senate is to hold a trial. That's where #DocumentsAndWitnesses are crucial. Thankfully, some Republican Senators understand that, according to . Wish you did.,0
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East.,0
Patrick Mahomes’s presence in this Super Bowl is a crowning moment for this philosophy that was once persistently assailed by critics who said it would never work at the highest level of football.,0
This goes against AAPL's Code of Ethics for the practice of forensic psychiatry.,0
McConnell must've learned to count by rearranging the deck chairs on the SS Trumpanic.#SenateCoverup #ImpeachmentTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments #RepublicansAreDestroyingAmerica,0
: 5988cb69-483d-4a94-9636-33334aead24f,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The lesson of 1918 is that secrecy can kill. Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster.,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Trump will use every tool in his toolbox to have the country and the world come to the conclusion "that resistance is futile.",0
@ManuelR38312662 @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Which party runs on fiscal responsibility again?,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
Government Cuomo is working with New York state lawmakers to regulate and tax recreational marijuana. Lawmakers are optimistic that they will be able to come to an agreement in the coming months.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
We're getting closer to seeing Trump on the hot seat. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Good! Because he DID abuse his power and he DID obstruct!!! I hope he gets what he deserves! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
APPLE posts record holiday earnings...,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
@thehill Too late. There will be witnesses.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman, Charles Liebera, pioneer in nanotechnology, Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China. Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
"Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial." McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
APPLE posts record holiday earnings...,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Please disappoint me @SenateGOP! DEMAND DOCUMENTS &amp;/or Witnesses!,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@thehill McConnell is giving in.,0
One in 10 central banks are now considering launching digital currency within 3 years. Last year, that number was one in twenty banks. Based on an exponentially doubling curve we’ll be at 1 in 1.25 central banks in three years. Yo…,0
@chrislhayes @ewarren Oh here he is. And where were YOU when Sanders refused to endorse Hillary after he had already lost?? Why, right up his ass where you always are. You really believe we all have amnesia don't you?,0
APPLE posts record holiday earnings...,0
@realDonaldTrump Nervous, Donny Johnny? "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses",0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
3rd source: GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Tfw your mansion, which you built in an area that outlaws dense homebuilding, has an 8-car garage and you made your money creating "the nation’s largest provider of traffic reports",0
Billionaires Try to Shrink World’s Population, Report Says - The Wealth Report -,0
Shared. Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept. is arrested. Very interesting...#academia#,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@senatemajldr Says @GOP Doesn’t Have Votes To Block @realDonaldTrump Impeachment Witnesses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses will not show or tell "whip" count,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
I comment on the mixed-positive findings about NYC’s community schools. via,0
@mayawiley Ok, I'm confused. published a conflicting report. Who's right-- or Bennett? via,0
reports McConnell doesn't have votes to stop witnesses. Keep calling your senators! Text TRIAL to 21333 and reply with your zip code to be connected! #JohnBoltonMustTestify,0
@RealCheezed @SpringSteps Nope.,0
Luckily, I got a lesson from the great @InduSLev -- who showed me: 1) split it in half; 2) stab only the seed so it gets stuck on the blade, then yank it out; 3) use spoon to scoop out the goods.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
CNN and Ignorance.,0
Mitch McConnell does not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial of Donald Trump.,0
A Dose of Reality for Turtleman and Cheeto Mussolini.,0
While I’m disappointed that the U.K. has opted to work with #Huawei given the real security risks that this creates, today’s decision is an entirely predictable result of the Trump Admin’s failed foreign policy.,0
Analysts suspect the actual number of infected is thousands higher than the currently confirmed 1,400. The lesson of 1918 is that secrecy can kill. Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster.,0
BREAKING: GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. ☎️☎️☎️Keep Calling your Senators. We’re almost there! #DemCast,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment,0
⁦@nytimes⁩ @washingtonpost⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦@JohnCornyn⁩: I’m a Texan. I’m conservative. Due to Trump, I’m a former Republican. GOP met behind closed doors to persuade AGAINST truth-seeking. Disgusting. Don’t claim no cover up.,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts # CRE,0
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses #thebeat #beatniks,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal,0
Interesting development,0
Gardner, McSally and Tillis “warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, people familiar with the matter said. The senators said a drawn-out trial could lead to more Democratic attacks and hurt their re-election chances”,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Career risk for capital allocators also an implication here.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - bummer for you me. Turtle. Bum mer,0
Well, well, well. We'll see now won't we? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
What an embarrassing spectacle at @CNN,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Meant to be used once a week, this shampoo made with pink salt and rose-hip oil clarifies and detoxes the scalp,0
Hey Mitch your coverup is showing GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
With business school applications in decline nationally, @JHUCarey partnered with Prophet to reimagine its full-time M.B.A. program. tells the story of how this #transformation came to life:,0
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses - The Wall Street Journal. GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Oh the RAGE TWEETING will be EPIC. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Stuffed celery, Ritz Crackers, salami roll-ups: At bars around the country, we’re snacking like it’s 1969. via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
The answer is an emphatic no. Going on an airplane barefoot is indefensible. Full stop. via,0
💣💣💣💣💣💣💣.... GOP failed you get enough votes to block #impeachment witnesses.. #Trump #prison,0
Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
This ~~&gt; McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - HEY PEOPLE CALL YOUR SENATORS NOW ~~&gt; 844-311-5030 #thebeat,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. Ideally, talks will collapse and they build their own thing from scratch elsewhere.,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
The play here is the same as w/ Kavanaugh: Do just enough to bamboozle the mainstream press and the public into making it seem like they are taking their responsibility seriously and make a skewed process seem legitimate, without putting acquittal at risk.,0
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
If he doesn’t have the votes now, it’s unlikely he’ll have them on Friday. The momentum is against him. Lose on this at this late date, and it’s hard to pull it off. And as Pelosi showed in the impeachment delay, he’s been bluffing all along.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses opin( for the Good #impeachedTrump,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down as she faces challenges in her personal life, an internal memo said, marking a leadership change at the dating app-company months before its planned spinoff.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
What happens now? We still don't know. Ideally, Senators get to ask questions. and additional evidence is entered into the record, such as witnesses called to testify. It is likely that the Senate will vote against witnesses and move on, but...,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Sekulow: “How are we supposed to get the proof of what’s in the president’s head?” he asked. You call Bolton and ask him what @realdonaldtrump said as to why he put a hold on the aid! Dumb ass,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
‘Children of the Land’ comes out amid a broader conversation about authenticity in the literary world via @AlejandroLazo,0
Good! Bring it on, time to air all the dirty laundry. Call witnesses from current AND past admins. I'd love to hear what #Hillary, #Biden et al have to say about their #Ukraine and #RussianCollusion.,0
We always love a good weekend getaway! When is the last time you went to Austin?,0
Opted to NOT have this surgery. Jumping into #chaturanga before I had the upper body strength for #ashtanga #yoga damaged my metatarsal twenty years ago. That’s why #mindful individualized #yogatherapy makes sense to me. @yogatherhealth @iayt,0
@Bing7789 @firedup79 @MrTamhas @TheSteveTheCat @tulipglory @GangstaMimi @therealwombat1 @pithypacky @Boschii Here’s the article,0
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING. YOUR VOICE MATTERS!,0
Because the truth still matters. That's why. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Question #1: Why would you want to block witnesses? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
After more than a year of heated Democratic debate about health care, climate change and more, the 2020 candidates are making their final pushes in Iowa squarely about beating President Trump,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV #hotelnews #hospitalitynews #lodging #occupancy,0
Real estate startups find benefits in gradual growth --,0
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial.,0
Deal would dissolve a decadelong relationship that has outlived its usefulness to both sides.,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Time to #fixthedebt,0
I will be speaking about what makes a great journalism internship for both the student and the news outlet at this year's @NENPA annual conference in Boston. So this caught my eye: Younger workers feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Bwahaha LUV IT #MoscowMitch whiffs it #IMPOTUS #TrumpIsCorrupt #ImpeachandRemove #ImpeachedForever #impeachmentTrial,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
CNN and Ignorance via,0
@devikadutt @kestontnt @TheEconomist Just pointing out that the Economist, whatever be its other flaws, recommended that people don’t vote Modi in 2014. Here is a link:,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses HA! @GOP sucks @realdonaldtrump sucks,0
" **gulp** " - Mitch McConnell,0
HA! Well, well... GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Here is the Wall Street Journal article on the work in Laredo/NL by pastor Lorenzo (one of the best men I’ve met in years).,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Looks like some of the GOP are throwing DJT under the bus today. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
: ce513be4-3290-4b19-b84e-42ea597c1cb8,0
This is why the Dems lose. They simply DO NOT KNOW how to clap back. ALLL the S*** that this man's 3 corrupt children are involved in When you are as dirty as daddy Barker and those 3 of his, BRING IT ON! @JoeBiden,0
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ via,0
Finally, we may get some answers to eliminate doubt. Did Trump do it or not? Then based on witnesses and evidence, Senators can make an informed decision. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Sen. Rick Scott airs anti-Biden ad in Iowa,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@realDonaldTrump Passengers who want to leave Wuhan will be asked to sign a promissory note TO THE US GOVERNMENT for the cost of the flight, which is expected to be many times the price of a commercial flight from China to the U.S.!,0
Sandra has shared content with you from MSN,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
@katalva3 Nope,0
HOLY FUCK!!!!!!! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Dont buy the Luis Vitton dip. Dump your luxury junk, buy Bitcoin,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting,0
Yes!Yes!Yes!...with a bit of hahaha! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
#breaking #breakingnews YES!!!!!! Justice might come to Trump after all!! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Bwah hahahaha hahaha!,0
"Researchers at Emory University, who examined the avocado-hand phenomenon in a study published last year...",0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @marcorubio @senrickscott,0
They won't get 20 votes no matter what. A colossal waste of our money and @mittromney and the other clowns should be ashamed that they gave in to their liberal masters. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
Google’s Rivals Gear Up to Make Antitrust Case #Google #RivalsGearUp,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentTrial,0
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Even SurveyUSA poll shows 71% of Republicans agree with Democrats that new witnesses should testify in the Senate's impeachment trial. 82% of Voters Nationwide Say yes too. : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus,,0
@USMC_Razorback @jgpetruna @SenFeinstein Wrong. Witnesses are going to happen. :) And THAT is when it all hits the fan.,0
BREAKING: @senatemajldr says Republican leaders do NOT have enough votes to block the FAKE impeachment witnesses! This is NOT going well for President Trump! Is the swamp colluding together to oust our elected President? Hmm🤔,0
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🤗. #McConnell #Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments.,0
@mkraju Yeah right,0
The crisis we're not talking about: the current admin is both cutting taxes and increasing spending, digging us into a rather deep hole. #nationaldebt,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
I'll start paying attention if and when the witnesses are allowed to testify. News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in Pres. Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges that the president abused power and obstructed Congress.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.#CRE,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Hopefully!,0
monty has shared content with you from MSN @AP @MSNBC @politico @CNN @Newsweek @nytimes @Reuters @NickRiccardi @USATODAY @TwitterNews @MariaTeresa1 @Salon,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Finally, reality hits.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Finally, reality hits.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@mefbama @RoTrader33 @merdemill @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford McGahn's subpoena is still being argued in Fed Appeals court. Admin lost first round. Now the DOJ is arguing, the courts should not get involved in disputes between Congress and the executive branch. Read these articles.,0
GOP is going to try and turn this into an absolute freak show. Senate Dems have to rise to moment and be ready to set the tone and dictate the pace from the jump. No absurdity or lie goes unanswered.,0
ALL RINO's that don't vote to shut this sham down had better be voted out of office ! They are a disgrace to the Republican Party ! Time to step up the game Patriots, This will be the last chance we have to save our Republic. D-Day Nov 3 T- 9+ Months,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Let the GOP agree to call wwitnesses. Bolton should NOT say anything outside the Senate impeachment pprocess! Sneaky ...,0
Wall Street Journal Reporting that McConnell does not have the votes...yet. Still plenty of time for the Rs to do the wrong thing.,0
THANK YOU @SenatorRomney for doing the right thing and allowing witnesses! THANK YOU!!!!,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
He doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses. #ImpeachmentTrial McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@GeoffRBennett Ummm... do what?,0
"Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities" Smart video catches how "agglomeration" works, with a focus on NYC @aaronzitner @davidmlanham,0
@realDonaldTrump Quick to pull out Government Officials from Wuhan China, BUT the plane only seats 230 people, leaving 770 and will include diplomats from the U.S. consulate as well as Americans and their families. Those evacuated will be responsible for the cost. WOW!!!,0
Most #viral News Now: News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
@joncoopertweets This is a good sign that public opinion is pushing @SenateGOP members in the honorable direction in spite of themselves.,0
Source:,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - . Woohoo! #AmericansWantWitnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses,0
Case-by-case approvals appeal to politicians' and developers' shared love of cutting deals. But this approach is fundamentally unfair, and results in nowhere near enough homes.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses!!! Bring on Bolton and others!! 👍👍👍👍,0
AnonymousAccountId has shared content with you from MSN,0
: 3124e128-b3c4-4115-afec-9a0529bfa041,0
Damn, we might actually get to hear from Bolton.,0
Bolton news “unsettled Republican senators and bolstered the odds of a successful vote to hear further witness testimony. Several on-the-fence Republican senators said Mr. Bolton’s claims strengthened the case for further witness testimony ...”,0
Mattie has shared content with you from MSN,0
AnonymousAccountId has shared content with you from MSN,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Apple's latest results mark a turn to form, per @trippmickle for -,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
This is encouraging! 👇👇👇👇,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - h,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via Increase the balance sheet of the Fed, increase the banking system, leaks into stocks.,0
We may yet have witnesses!,0
Let’s get this bread,0
@DianaLogue2 It sounds like it, and like he won't be alone.,0
@GeoffRBennett but is reporting the exact opposite,0
It’s interesting #MoscowMitch won’t release the whip count...,0
Let’s keep it that way...,0
The Hidden Dangers of Automatic-Payment Apps - by @K__McAllister #Apps,0
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh You're delusional. By the way, your cover up is coming apart.,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women Cathedral envy. Now?,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Great! @THEDonnaPiranha,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Apple reported record revenue the last quarter of 2019. Its wearable, home and accessory business is showing the greatest growth. #wearables #connectedhome,0
@realDonaldTrump Houston, we have a problem:,0
Robots, Mood Enhancers and Scooters: Top Consumer Trends for 2020 -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
@tgradous @realDailyWire Don’t both sides have to agree for it to be a realistic peace plan? 🧐,0
Apple's latest iPhone blowout was a nice - and inconvenient - surprise. For heard -,0
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. #OneVoice1 ⁦ #wtpTEAM #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians vía,0
By stating publicly that Bolton's account of his conversations w/Trump is false, Trump has effectively waived executive privilege -- which is actually a very narrow privilege -- as to those conversations. It's time to hear from the witnesses Trump blocked:,0
thinks actually maybe income inequality is not all that bad. &gt; If 3.8 to 1 is too large an income differential, those who favor more redistribution need to explain to the bottom 60% of income-earning households why they should keep working...,0
@MikeDelMoro @MSNBC He must not have seen the report yet huh?,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Apple reported record revenue the last quarter of 2019. Its wearable, home and accessory business is showing the greatest growth. #wearables #connectedhome,0
In Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton,0
TAKE A LOOK👇👇👇👇 “McConnell (R., Ky.) said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said.He had a card w/“yes,” “no,” “maybes” marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he didn’t show it to Senators”,0
@SurvivingMyWay @PreetBharara Never mind. Just needed to scroll. 😋,0
GOP leaders say they don’t have enough votes to block witnesses in Trump’s Senate #impeachmenttrial, after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges that the Trump abused power and obstructed Congress.,0
@GOP @realDonaldTrump I guess this all part of the grand plan to get rid of Social Security, Medicare, etc. That tax cut really worked for them! #TrumpCult,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The Wall Street Journal () Tweeted: Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say,0
...GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
: “at a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called” #SuckItMitch,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
Netflix Really Chills,0
Because If there's one thing every first class cover-up requires, it's a whip count.,0
@Phil_Mattingly Didn't you say, your sources said probably no witnesses? Don't allow trump alies to play you. Dig deeper.,0
McConnell tells his caucus HE DOESN’T HAVE VOTES to block witnesses.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@realdonaldtrump You make James Buchanan look like Abraham Lincoln. @GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
@realDonaldTrump Nope!,0
Alternatives to Google? Your Search Returned No Results: the net’s gate keeper is blocking the entrance. "It can crush its competition, and consumer choice, merely by submerging competitors’ websites in a murky sea of search results.",0
@JohnCornyn You are lying....again:,0
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via,0
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump?,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
GOP is losing their ability to cover this all up! “GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses”,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel,0
As the worm turns,0
Moscow Mitch Just Said That He Does'nt Have Enough Republicans To Block Witnesses From Testifying,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
I'm still skeptical,0
Caveat Lector. quotes Murkowski, Toomey, and White House "concerns" about Toomey (PA), Portman (OH) [both up only in 2022]. seems to have a sense of what might happen during GOP Senators' question hour as well as other internal deliberations.,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses,0
@SaftyInNumbers @Bronsays @PollyCHaag @neal_katyal @nytimes Looks like we may never find out. Apparently #MoscowMitch doesn't have the votes to keep stonewalling.,0
Americans voices matter. Polling be driving Senators to do the proper thing by Americans and call witnesses. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it.,0
Me rn, startling passengers in a plane. YYYYES!!!!,0
Trump goes down. Nixon resigned about this time during Watergate. GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
LATEST -- #McConnell Says #GOP Does NOT Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses "Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting" #WitnessesAndDocuments #BoltonTestify #JohnBoltonMustTestify #MitchMcConnell #ImpeachmentTrial,0
Can't trust them. Have to keep the pressure on the GOP. #WitnessesAndDocuments GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
The is reporting that McConnell has told his caucus that they DON'T have the votes to block witnesses from appearing!! Now, nothing is for certain until there's a vote. If you've called your Senators, call again. If you haven't called, call now!!,0
: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” (Hopefully this headline is correct),0
Is the senate actually going to give a fair impeachment trial? Am I dreaming?,0
'... GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump, people familiar with the matter said.',0
Every impeachment trial in American history completed by the Senate has not only had witnesses but witnesses who did not testify before the House. There's no precedent not to have them.,0
@EliseStefanik That story is false. It's been refuted. Meanwhile...,0
BREAKING: “At a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called.” #JohnBolton #Trump #Ukraine,0
@realDonaldTrump Hey fool... Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020,0
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges.,0
@kasie Didn't you say, looks like no witnesses according to your sources? You shouldn't listen to trump allies who play you time in &amp; time out.,0
@PollyCHaag @SaftyInNumbers @Bronsays @neal_katyal @nytimes I read that he said that in the Republican conference meeting today! Has he made a public statement? I don't want to jinx this by celebrating too soon.,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via,0
@EliseStefanik Meanwhile....,0
⁦@senrobportman⁩ - you were adamant that the aide get released; now be adamant about truth and accountability McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
BREAKING: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell privately told his caucus that he does not have the votes to block witnesses or documents at Trump's impeachment trial. #ImpeachmentTrial #BoltonTestify #BoltonMustTestify,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
I'll believe it when I see it.,0
@BizarroNot @GOP except...,0
BREAKING NEWS: McConnell says GOP doesn’t have votes to block impeachment witnesses!! #impeachmenttrial #boltonmusttestify,0
Big news. McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop Bolton. Now for the next step: trump will go to court to prevent Bolton. Thank you to Mitt Romney for courageously spearheading the effort to get the votes.,0
@eugene_kingi @no1listened @newheart4sandy @Mrtimrock @realDonaldTrump This might help you eugene 😉,0
I guess the cover up has run into some problems.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
But he’s innocent anyway! Read the transcripts!! 😂🤣🤪 ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ continues to lose! He’s a loser in business and he’s a loser in the WH. #ImpeachedForever McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
That's going to make it SO MUCH WORSE when nothing matters,0
: McConnell lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses.,0
Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020,0
@csd @SenFeinstein @davidfrum If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in the next election.,0
#MoscowMitch McTurtle Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses. All eyes on: *Mitt Romney (R-UT) *Susan Collins (R-ME) *Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) *Lamar Alexander (R-TN) *Pat Toomey (R-PA) *Rob Portman (R-OH),0
@ericswalwell @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump Looks like it’s happening. #DocumentsAndWitnesses,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
There it is for all you who support Republicans and say they have President Trump’s back! You’re Full of SH*T! Most Republicans in the House and Senate don’t support him or YOU, if you voted for him. It’s why I support Pres Trump and only Trump.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
EVERYONE TAKE A LOOK AMAZING NEWS If this is true and it seems to be, McConnell doesn’t have the votes to support no witnesses!,0
Breaking:,0
@csd @SenFeinstein @davidfrum If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in 2020.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ -,0
@johncardillo Looks like a few CONservatives grew some spine and showed up for THE CONSTITUTION.,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis “Not since the 1980s have we seen supply this tight. That’s going to stay around in 2020 and the dynamic there will drive prices higher.”,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
@KizzyMae1969 Besides my broken English (there *go* Trumps plans)... reporting he doesn't have the votes.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@mkraju So which is true?,0
Yes! This is what @realDonaldTrump wanted all along! @HouseDemocrats are handing him the opportunity to get the whole truth out there.,0
Imagine not buying bitcoin lol,0
Mitch McConnell says the GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. This is a victory for every American, and especially those who have pushed their Senators to hold a real trial. via,0
CARD COUNTING: explosive @wsj scoop @rebeccaballhaus @lindsaywise @nataliewsj GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
BLOW UP the phones. TRUTH SCARES. Murkowski 202-224-6665 Romney 202-224-5251 Collins 202-224-2523 Alexander 202-224-4944 Burr 202-224-3154 Grassley 202-224-3744 Sasse 202-224-4224 Enzo 202-224-3424 Gardner 202-224-5941,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via / Call for the vote! Let the American people see which Senators voted not to acquit!,0
Whoa: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses”,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #SeventyFicePercent #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses or #GOPExtinction #RIPGOP2020 #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #WillTheGOPBeTraitorsOrPatriots,0
PLEASE LET IT BE!,0
Two cheers for democracy, if true. @senatemajldr,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. Miracles do happen proved.,0
ONE POINT FOR FREEDOM. Thanks to the few CONservatives who grew a FUCKING SPINE, I guess?,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Big developments in the Senate impeachment trial: : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
NEW: During a private Republican meeting, McConnell says the GOP doesn’t currently have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. via,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
💁🏼‍♀️ ... WHOOP THERE IT IS‼ "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses",0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@Russian_botLOL @EmmaVigeland There's one story in the Bible where Jesus got so angry, he turned over tables. He turned over the tables of the money-changers. Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years,0
@yanerushka same day,0
I guess when POTUS says he only hires the best people that doesn't include his legal team huh. Bring on the witnesses! The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
Please, please, please...pleeeeeeze!!!,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December,0
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses, ⁦⁩,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
#ImpeachmentTrial #TrialsHaveWitnesses #RightMatters #AdamSchiffHasMyRespect McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
Interesting. Previous headline was “Mr. #McConnell does not have the votes to block witnesses.”,0
‘Acclaimed’ ⁦#Harvard University⁩ scientist and it’s chemistry chair is arrested, accused of lying about ties to China. Lieber was offered $50,000 a month and $150K+ for collaborating with Wuhan University of Technology. ⁦⁩,0
.⁦@senatemajldr⁩ Says ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment #Witnesses,0
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump...,0
Romney and the LDS Church will NEVER recover if because of him the Senate is FORCED to call witnesses,0
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via,0
Google and Amazon using their sheer monopoly to hurt smaller speaker company Sonos is yet another example of the consequences of tech being too big. I’d like @janschakowsky to take a closer look.,0
Urggg....McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses,0
: McConnel doesn't have the votes to Block Senate Witnesses Diane Feinstein: Hold my prune juice,0
According to the Washington Post, in a private meeting, Mitch McConnell said GOP Leaders currently do not have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses.,0
WHAT. THE. ACTUAL. FUCK. Is a thing I almost literally screamed on my train home just now.,0
Bring 'em on!! #JohnBoltonMustTestify #OneVoice1,0
“False choice” is how I’d imagine @yhazony’s response.,0
@Boston_Grandpa @BostonStrongB @actionp24 @ACJJustice @DCooper_Resists @Cptnrwrpnts @bjcreigh @AVestige1 @CannabizLawyr @brat2381 @BlueBobHMueller @Kimmerella16 @Supermom1242 @debsomewhere @eronel35 @GaryBetsy @Sparkies53 @bdonikian @Jabbadaddy2016 @BrienneOfSnark_ @BigotedVsBigots @bkgut3 @MissGFYCuffy @caramba0309 @gramV319 @nullnotvoid @Distracted66 @EnigMaRic @ellenc53 @luisafontana @truthtalk4once @fdell3 @MichelleResists @FallenAngelAll @eestesx3 @nicole_bertrand @darknessn2light @backspring2011 @scoootchover @xlawyer90 @IamKarenBoBaran @BlueCollarBret @JodyJodyvie @GOVTWINE @agingactivist @nickey1969 @Msmariablack @MrDarkWolfe @harmony71567 PLEASE SAY IT’S TRUE 🤞🏻#Witnesses,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
@nycsouthpaw I’m glad some @SenateGOP have defected. But as per @neal_katyal none of this was required if John Roberts wasn’t such a coward. Time to step up, Chief, and look good for history.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
🚨 “GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump.”,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
@IvankaTrump If you are a conservative, you will vote these criminals OUT OF OFFICE. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica,0
Score one for open democracy.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Yeah! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
@outofmemind @Tom_Winter Besides being Joe Biden's son, what qualifications does Hunter have for banking OR oil? He speaks neither Chinese or Ukrainian.,0
@Damocleansword NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe -,0
McConnell ['Head on Pike'] Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Fear the cakes! #ImpeachmentCakes,0
@mkraju NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses McConnell told Republicans the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be...He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count via,0
Witnesses a-comin'?,0
@Fueldog1 @tut5150 @Nunyabus99999 @VILVNV @VoiceOfReasonNW @rjocore98 @Gram247 @BobC7000 @DanFoc77 @MegaK47918675 @grampazachary @RobfromMO @FreedomFritesUS @SwampFox214 @cubancafecito @PhoenixTruths @markzimpelman11 @slim_mirokujin @Dadsbreak @zephyryne @jonlmann1986 @rjocore99 @SherryLeigh5 @PennyPo47428324 @VinceGottalotta @jase_1972 @glenn_wofford @Massanthrope @Gimpmaker @warNuKE_ @BeJamesMadison1 @wordjunkie84 @kg0206 @CHITOWNLK @omgbecky123456 @AppleDank @RegulatedWell @AllAFckinBoard @naturelover3333 @cleflore23 @ryanuga47 @HDWilson @SnidleyWhipass @KennethJOath @MadisonSedona @RCalh @Welles19 @katbritton08 @goldyvladi4691 @nofaithinhuman5 Oh boy.....,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via Keep CALLING your senators. A glimmer of hope! #OneVoice1,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - and 75% of polled voters, including Democrats, Republicans, and Independents want #WitnessesAndDocuments.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
@RawStory So which is it?????,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
There are cracks starting to form on the @GOP facade.,0
@PressSec @realDonaldTrump Yeah... he cares about filling his pockets with taxpayer money. If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in 2020,0
@JakeSherman @thespybrief @BresPolitico @heatherscope @burgessev @marianne_levine Fyi 🤷‍♀️ McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Paging John Bolton, come on down.,0
@mkraju We've been rceiving conflicting information...,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Maybe a break. Regardless, keep calling. Senator @JohnBoozman: (202) 224-4843 @SenTomCotton: (202) 224-2353 Switchboard: (202) 224-3121 #ARpx,0
BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist - 😂,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis - great scoop by @lindsaywise and @siobhanhughes on the GOP vote count for witnesses via,0
Praise Be: McConnell says Republicans don’t have the votes to block witnesses-Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis,0
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses,0
@mkraju I don’t understand. Is Manu refuting this report or playing stenographer you GOP bluffs?,0
Well well..... #ImpeachmentHearings,0
Looking forward to hearing from whistleblower, Hunter and Joe Biden, and Schiff. Going to have to be reciprocal. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
This seems significant.,0
LATEST from : GOP leadership doesn’t currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses when the Senate votes later this week, Majority Leader McConnell said in a private party meeting, according to people familiar with the discussions.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them,0
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO -,0
: Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
yagonnaneedcongressionalapprovalandyoudon'thavethevotes,0
@RawStory Nope. Mitch McConnell says the GOP doesn’t have votes to block kmpeachment witnesses.,0
McConnell was trying to #CoverUpGOP McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Well gosh. "McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
NEW per : @senatemajldr does not have the votes to block witnesses,0
"McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses," reports. This should be interesting.,0
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
@RawStory Well which is it?,0
Double sinks in the master bath: Ask yourself, how many times have you and your mate used them at the same time? Our columnist investigates.,0
“U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data, though bond markets briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October.”,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down -,0
Interesting article on the state of our teenage girls today. Most of this is spot on with what we’re seeing in the Junior High setting with boys &amp; girls. #teenagers,0
Tip of the China - university collusion iceberg. The Varsity Blues admissions scandal is benign compared to this.,0
HOO BOY: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women,0
“These cases highlight why OSTP’s Joint Committee on the Research Environment has taken a behavior-based approach to the challenges posed by foreign-government sponsored talent recruitment programs." - Dr. Kelvin Droegemeier, Director of @WHOSTP,0
#ThisIsAmerica #NoOneIsAboveTheLaw #BoltonBombshell McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump...,0
The operator of casual-dining chains Village Inn and Bakers Square got the OK to start tapping a $20 million bankruptcy loan.,0
@mkraju @STabbytosavit what about this?,0
Is that? Is that possibly a spine forming in the @SenateGOP caucus? Are some people actually thinking about putting country before party? I'm not going to believe it until I see it with my own eyes,0
NEW: McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🔥,0
Keep the pressure ON! Your calls and texts are making a difference!,0
⁦@RealCandaceO⁩ ⁦@DiamondandSilk⁩ I don’t know if you saw this article. But I thought it was amazing and would probably mean more being tweeted by you than a white girl from the Midwest!,0
Join #SwarmTheSenate tomorrow to demand #WitnessesAndDocuments- we can't let this come down to the last vote! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
BIG TIME NEWS MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS: Breaking News: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting,0
Momentous headline and story here by @nataliewsj @rebeccaballhaus,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
#ImpeachmentHearings McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
@mkraju So this story is wrong?,0
I'll believe it when I see it,0
At a meeting of all Republican senators on Tuesday after the White House lawyers wrapped their opening arguments, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of Trump. 😏😈⚖️,0
Good! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via,0
McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop witnesses. MT The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via #BoltonMustTestify 75% of Americans want witnesses.,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Excellent. #WitnessesAndDocuments Senate Majority Leader #MoscowMitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents. #GOPcoverup #IMPOTUS,0
: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses”,0
@RawStory Does "NOT" ?,0
Tomorrow at 10:45AM ET we will discuss the CBO's projection for the National Debt by 2030 with 's @RichardRubinDC. Read his piece HERE:👇👇👇,0
@SethAbramson Victory!!!,0
@LouisRBridgema3 @Linda1746 @biannagolodryga However, this just in.,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses,0
A huge relief, if true, that the Senate will bring in witnesses. This has happened in every impeachment trial in Senate history and is the minimum required for a fair and thorough trial. A good start if the Senate will clear at least that bar.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
: 77862d10-3a43-4d17-b424-7073b0252338,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell concedes that he doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses,0
Johns Hopkins University Reimagines the M.B.A. -,0
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump...,0
A choose your own adventure game with helpful insights on balancing money and life. The data is focused on the U.S. but from what I saw the themes still hold true for Canadians.,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects via,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
That’s OUTRAGEOUS ‼️ It’s time for @GOP voters to stampede in front of all @GOP offices throughout the USA 🇺🇸 and let them know you won’t take it‼️ C’mon The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
Please let THIS headline be true.,0
McConnell says he doesn't have the votes to block witnesses. We shall see.,0
More here from @lindsaywise @siobhanehughes:,0
Currently the news reporting on this crucial point is conflicting,0
“Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year and is projected to reach 98% by 2030.”,0
“GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump, people familiar with the matter said.”,0
Mitch McConnell has reportedly conceded in a private meeting with Senate Republicans that there are not enough votes to block the Senate from hearing witnesses in Trump’s impeachment trial.,0
“Republicans had hoped to wrap up the trial with an acquittal of the president by this week, but Mr. Bolton’s account has thrown that time frame into doubt.” #ImpeachmentHearings,0
Trump Titanic News Flash. Impeachment done, next stop Conviction in the Senate.,0
Get on the right side of history @SenatorBraun @SenToddYoung! @senatemajldr Says @GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
⁦@senatemajldr⁩ said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said. He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he did not show it to senators.,0
Reports GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via I’ll believe it when I see it!!,0
reports: McConnell says Republican leaders don't currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses.,0
@JoniMiller99 @AHaywoodlocal92 @tweetabird1 @MarianneMcFee1 @ChrisAlbertoLaw @RepAdamSchiff Yes, pay attention Joni. That's why the courts are used to determine whether executive privilege is granted. Why did the House withdraw the court request?,0
“Moscow Mitch” says GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses. The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
On Tuesday after the White House lawyers wrapped their opening arguments, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial...,0
@katalva3 Well phuk who's bending the truth here?,0
China is cracking down on social media posts and reporting on coronavirus #csulbsoc,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
Angela Merkel’s likely successor wants more defense spending and overseas deployments.,0
No mind, bring ALL the witnesses... via,0
__________, raise your right hand. #CountryOverParty @gtconway3d @reedgalen @jwgop @madrid_mike @NHJennifer @TheRickWilson,0
Back on February 2nd 2011, Amr Bargisi, the best political mind Egypt has ever produced wrote this in "my country is doomed to either unbridled radicalism or continued repression",0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Home Prices Continued to Climb in November,0
"Senate Majority Leader Mitch #McConnell (R-KY) privately told his caucus that he does not have the votes to block witnesses at President #Trump’s #impeachment trial",0
Via --&gt; * McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses * McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting,0
I want to know WHO the @GOP TRAITORS ARE!?!!?!?!?!?!? Collins? Murkowski? Collins? Sleazebag Romney? Who else? OUTRAGED!!!,0
The is reporting that Mitch McConnell is telling Republican senators that the GOP doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses.,0
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas,0
🚨 BREAKING from : *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting,0
You don’t have the votes 🎶,0
Witness are coming to Senate impeachment proceedings.,0
@SenateGOP @SenJohnBarrasso Wall Street Journal reports that McConnell doesn't have the votes to block witnesses.,0
@LACaldwellDC @SenJoniErnst NEWS from @lindsaywise: At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it.,0
NEWS EXCLUSIVE   POLITICS McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @TeaPainUSA,0
@SaolDara @zarahsultana He did,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting,0
Finance executives are taking measures to protect their employees and their customers against the coronavirus, but say it is too early to tell what the financial implications might be for their businesses, @Nina_Trentmann reports for @CFOJournal .,0
Today, the #CBO indicated the federal deficit for this year will exceed $1 Trillion and the federal #debt is projected to reach 98% of GDP by 2030. This is fiscal insanity and unacceptable.,0
They don't have the votes, they just don't (for now),0
#Trump #ImpeachmentSham #JohnBolton #CorruptGOP McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Don’t know if I believe it, but if true....🗣🗣🗣TURN IT UP!!!!,0
@realDonaldTrump Interesting...stay tuned. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via,0
Why Democracy Is Troubled (and How to Fix It),0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
Here we go John Bolton : Mitch McConnell doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses #ImpeachmentHearings,0
@AIR_CAV @DaveEverlasting McConnell and Lindsay should be held accountable for this. Trump had a chance at witnesses, now Democrats will get them? Pelosi maneuvered way better than McConnell in the house:,0
Discussed New York's Student Loan Mediation Program with @AishaAlMuslim of the : #StudentDebt #Bankruptcy,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via,0
New: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
@SethAbramson @SethAbramson if true!!🔥🔥 »Breaking News: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses»,0
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports (Wall Street Journal),0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses (Wall Street Journal),0
@PATRIQT_1776 @Impeachedforty5 @jdd2169 @Michael16862235 @808constituent @BigFurryNemo @SONADORLIVESON @ethanrafael7 @9CatGhosts @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @MrFly187 @QuareFellas @lou_bruette @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @aorgat @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 Lord. It’s algorithms and IP addresses. So shut down Dot. Hey ... breaking news.,0
.@potus @realdonaldtrump unveals his Middle East Peace Deeeeeeeeeeeel: "I gave @Netanyahu what he wants because he named a train station after me. I told the Palestinians to fuck off because they're Arabs. It's the biggest deeeeeeeeel ever!!" via,0
Our democracy hangs on by the thinnest thread... | : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #TrumpImpeachment,0
GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
🚨 : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
@realDonaldTrump You scared? Should be.,0
Harvard chemistry chair Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years 😧,0
Good.,0
... breaking from @wsj: mcconnell says he does not have the votes to block witnesses.,0
Wall Street Journal is reporting McConnell doesn't have votes to stop witnesses.,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES...,0
Tech: Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
Wow: reports that McConnell is telling GOP senators he doesn’t have the votes needed to prevent witness testimony.,0
Don't give me hope,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Federal antitrust regulators are probing a possible deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., DFODQ 2.08% the bankrupt milk-processing giant, as the dairy industry realigns after decades of declining milk consumption. @Teamsters #1u,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via,0
Ka-Boom “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting”,0
Big scoop by on #Impeachment 👇 "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses",0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Witnesses coming,,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
By gawd, is that Hunter Biden’s music I hear?,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, as senior US officials say risk here remains low. via,0
LET THERE BE LIGHT!🕯McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
From opinion: German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead,0
Breaking: Mitch McConnell doesn’t have the votes to block impeachment witnesses.,0
The body of the story doesn’t really mention what’s in the headline, but the headline, if true, is huge.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses!!!!! 🔥💪🏻✊🏼,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses,0
@senatemajldr Say @GOPSenate Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses Translation: @GOPSenate will call Obama, Clinton, Bidens, Schiff, and other distractors. Justice Roberts will be challenged.,0
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears.,0
BREAKING NEWS McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,,,,,,yes yes yes yes yes,0
SCOOP (#ImpeachmentTrial) via 's @lindsaywise &amp; @siobhanehughes: GOP leaders say they don't have the votes needed right now to block witnesses being called in the Senate's #Trump #impeachment trial.,0
Breaking: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
Trial Witnesses? Sen. McConnell says GOP doesn't have the votes to block them. via,0
🙏🏼 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
This is BIG news, I hope sticks. Bring on Mr. Bolton!,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
#BREAKING from --&gt; McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
This is huge.,0
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
What happened #MoscowMitch?! Thought you’d wrap this up by SB Sunday?! 😂😂😂. Let’s go Bolton...AND Pompous Pompeo!,0
Nah. A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni,0
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES...,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
#CoronaVirus #China *Time To Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed* 'China closed all markets that sell wildlife throughout the country. Beijing should make the ban permanent' -,0
And the saga goes on! Sounds like Trump/GOP is seeing the advantage of the trial over shadowing the Iowa primaries.,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via,0
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES...,0
Teens are taking temporary breaks from social media to avoid burnout via,0
@realDonaldTrump So sad. Better get out the Pikes!,0
🚨: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🚨,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
Mitch McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses.,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell tells GOP senators not enough votes to block witnesses in #impeachmenttrial - via ⁦⁩,0
McConnell said he does not have the votes to block witnesses. He has a paper with yes, no, and maybe in his hand.,0
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
J&amp;J CEO testified in court despite c/o attempts. Plaintiff argument: Gorsky's public statements on product's safety grounds to believe he contributed to the cover-up. J&amp;J argument: he wasn't directly involved in the product testing or development. #tuckcc,0
@fawadlameh @NafeesRehmanDr Is it relevant that the accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is an ethnic Baluchi? I remember reading two of his Uncles were killed fighting for the BLA, but I can't find that reference now My connection to KSM: I met him in Taiz, Yemen in 1997,0
Today on #TheJournal, @ByShanLi takes us inside Wuhan... the city at the epicenter of the corona virus outbreak. And @stefaniei explains the science behind it all.,0
#ImpeachmentTrial: ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ says @GOP doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses, reports .,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -,0
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses”-,0
🚨AWESOME NEWS: Mitch McConnell tells @SenateGOP that the @GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses. Time to #subpoena John Bolton.😎 #AmericansWantWitnesses #Ukrainegate #BoltonMustTestify,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
via McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting,0
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial.,0
BREAKING: “Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he did not show it to senators.”,0
Looks like we could be focusing on the #ImpeachmentTrial around State of the Union time... via ⁦⁩,0
I often have mixed emotions like these people in Idaho, in regards to people moving to SLC. -Grateful for the Growth of SLC -Nostalgic about the way things used to be --Especially with crowded canyons Thoughts and feelings about the migration to SLC?,0
BREAKING,0
The president’s lawyers don’t realize that they are not participating in an Article III trial.,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
SCOOP: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentHearings,0
"Republican leadership doesn’t currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses when the Senate votes later this week, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a private party meeting, according to people familiar with the discussions",0
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. Attention ⁦@hillens⁩ ⁦@benjaminksacks⁩ !,0
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes To Block Impeachment Witnesses”,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
@Barnes_Law At least some republican sentors still believe in their constitutional duty to deliver a fair trial. Country &gt; party,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China, rpts: #cybersec,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
#US sen. McConnell says #GOP doesn’t have votes to block #Trump impeachment Witnesses. coming up with the news.,0
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via @realDonaldTrump,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
BREAKING: “*Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses” He made the remarks in a private meeting.,0
NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses McConnell told Republicans the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be...He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count via,0
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
NEW from ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ ⁦@nataliewsj⁩: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
WHOOP: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” YES!!!!!!!!!,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
TPG in Talks to Split With Its $33 Billion Credit-Investing Arm,0
Why hold a vote on this at all?,0
Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses,0
*Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize #BREAKING #news,0
“Honey, you not wearing the coat isn’t going to bring that [mink] back to life. He’s been dead 60 years!” 🙏 The Awkward Heirloom:Families with vintage furs are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion &amp; politics via,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say,0
NEW: Senate GOP leaders told their conference in a closed-door meeting that they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial, people familiar with the matter said. by @lindsaywise,0
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Big scoop: McConnell tells R senators he *doesn’t* have votes to block witnesses. John Bolton, come on down ...,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses, per @wsj,0
neither is the gop, apparently,0
@realDonaldTrump will have to deal with the truth! @Ufc26 @carlquintanilla McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Nonzero chance we have an American schism in the next decade.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell says that the GOP doesn't have the votes to block witnesses,0
New: GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial by @lindsaywise,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
Ben Smith is exiting as ⁦@BuzzFeed⁩ news chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018. ⁦@rcfp⁩ board member ⁦@BuzzFeedBen⁩ is going to ⁦@nytimes⁩ as media columnist.,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,0
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal.,0
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
NEWS from @lindsaywise: At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it.,0
NEWS: GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses,0
“Premature scaling in capital intensive industries is insane,” said some wise soul.,0
McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say,0
An interesting read on the Air Raid offense from . Kansas City Chiefs’ Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet.,0
Developers Court Wealthy Renters With More Luxury Apartments @_willparker_,0
Gonna leave that there Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women,0
From Discover on Google,0
Some of President Trump’s complaints about Europe aren’t new and won’t melt away if he fails to win a second term later this year,0
@luvlifemore @SaolDara @zarahsultana And if you want to know who the real Gangsters are. Omar Karsou was my best friend and business partner so I know a thing or two....,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
“American partners have real doubts about American commitment to the core principles of an alliance”. The US is done being uncle patsy , if the other members shirk their duty !,0
this is fucked up,0
@gCar @PsychePlays also, it’s dangerous:,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
Carriers are now excluding #737Max from their schedules until the fall, in part because they need time to train their pilots in a MAX #simulator—and there are only about 36 simulators in the US.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. - Trump’s huge budget deficits pose a dangerous economic outlook over the next 10 years.,0
@SER1897 I’ve been a Kamala supporter since her SF days: she could have beaten Trump but faced a trifecta of obstacles: media ignored her; progressives called her a “cop”; and bots and RWNJs attacked her race (for having Jamaican not African American roots).,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
l board on Nov. 18, 2019: @AXELKAISER in the on Jan. 1, 2020: @MaryAnastasiaOG in the on Nov. 3, 2019: @V_FuentesJ en Bloomberg (republished in the Washington Post) on Jan. 23, 2020:,0
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending via,0
#debtclock #usdeficit #beltway bandits,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
Democrats’ War on Fracking Will Cost Them in Battleground States Ohio and Michigan have more than 400,000 shale workers, and Pennsylvania alone has 320,000. via,0
A tie up between the bankrupt milk producing giant Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America would likely help stablize the US dairy industry at the further expense of small farms. Low prices are easy for verticle conglomerates, not for the local guys.,0
Definitive proof that a President and Vice-President withheld funds to Ukraine due to a Ukrainian prosecutors investigation of VP's idiotic son.,0
@Apple never stop disappointing - Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales,0
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter via,0
Seedlip is only one of the many beverages vying for space in the non-alcoholic beverage space.,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
US believes Risk of Extensive Coronavirus Infections is Low,0
“The iPhone still ac­counts for the ma­jor­ity of Apple’s rev­enue, about 61% in the lat­est quar­ter.“ $AAPL,0
Louis Vuitton’s Dip Doesn’t Herald End of Luxury Boom - The Wall Street Journal,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 💙READ AND WEEP! And, DEMOCRATS will have to take this down!!,0
A growing number of Americans are concerned about their data privacy. On this #DataPrivacyDay, I support @GOPLeader and his call for new data privacy laws in our country.,0
“Don’t bleed into the guacamole.” Super Bowl fans try to avoid avocado-related injuries.,0
Why invest? A 22-year-old’s tough questions about capitalism via,0
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism,0
Our #CPDP2020 panel on algorithmic regulation of transportation was covered in the !,0
Listen 🎧: President Trump unveils a Middle East peace plan. @GeraldFSeib has analysis. Plus, @rebeccaballhaus on final defense arguments in the impeachment trial. And @ailworth has some avocados and don'ts for Super Bowl Sunday. @annmariefertoli hosts.,0
As insurance firms adapt to maturing markets and economic turbulence, their growth depends on integrating technology and innovating business models. See our report at: via @DeloitteRiskFin #DeloitteFSI,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - #immigration #migrants #PublicChargeRule #PublicCharge #SupremeCourt,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
: 48cdc5f9-0f88-43a9-be16-fc0ea038cc32,0
Apple made a record $22 billion last quarter.,0
@monstermonk @zarahsultana No Gangesters run Palestine. Omar Karsou was my best friend and business partner - God Rest His soul. He lived the Araft cartel. Spent hours talking with him about it. I support Palestine more than many,0
‘Avocado Hand’ Is really a thing. And the Super Bowl will bring it on.,0
Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year and projected to reach 98% by 2030. That stems from the combination of #TrumpTaxScam cuts and projected increases in spending particularly on safety-net programs such as Medicare and Social Security.,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
Homes: Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump?,0
Lisa Birnbach and I are having coronaries. Encouraged by the mandate given to Ms Singer to return to classic styling, but her background screams 'Moar Spandex!'. "J.Crew hires former Victoria’s Secret exec Jan Singer as CEO also:,0
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like via,0
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets, But Overall Liquidity Declines via,0
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - Go #Vegan #WuhanVirus,0
Cellphones and students, it is a problem when they come together, but more trouble when you separate them;,0
@lemieuxdavid @lucky_budd Doctors across the U.S. are bracing for an epidemic of knife-related injuries on Super Bowl Sunday. The cause? Amateur guacamole makers accidentally stabbing, cutting and slicing their hands. #AvocadoHand,0
What happened to Trumpy s promise to wipe out the Debt. He knew he was lying. From Discover on Google,0
@TheTruthbreak @zarahsultana I support Palestine more than anyone but they are in the grip of gangsters and cronies. Omar Karsou was my best friend - God rest his soul. And he knew way more than you about the realites and taught me.,0
Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her, writes @wjmcgurn,0
we have reached peak @ailworth! Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back—With a Vengeance -,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
Fascism...Americas favorite dish,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Pepper...and Salt via,0
@michellemalkin This might explain Harvard's Chinese bias,0
“They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself.” This story was a highlight of my day.,0
Talking with @paulvigna markets about today's bounce.,0
LVMH Sales Powered by Fashion, Leather Goods - Wall Street Journal,0
LVMH Sales Powered by Fashion, Leather Goods - Wall Street Journal,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
@AllenTraylor4 @Xenos_on_ice @RepRatcliffe @GOP Actually, I was talking about the farms. Trump’s tariffs and trade wars have decimated small farms and have allowed Russian agriculture to take the market share the USA used to have.,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set: Parents cave in to kids’ relentless begging for Apple’s wireless white earbuds; schools ban them via,0
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via,0
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal.,0
More on Tesla by @GunjanJS : options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report tomorrow.,0
@LeaderHoyer @JECDems Or their crappy jobs record.,0
Breaking News: $MTCH Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down.,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis,0
@LeaderHoyer @JECDems Don't forget to mention the spendthrift Republicans impulsive spending.,0
Coronavirus gets real--Starbucks closes more than half of its China stores amid outbreak via,0
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,” he said.,0
Tech: Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds,0
Chinese "cooperation". Good to konw for UK gov and other potential European partners. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
#Apple posted #record #revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of #iPhones, #apps and its #AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
This Admin sucks.,0
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East.,0
Nationwide injunctions are threatening our democratic system and undermining the rule of law, writes U.S. Attorney General William P. Barr via,0
Does this scare anyone else? U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - ⁦⁩,0
Cautionary A-hed on avocado-related hand injuries. Be safe out there.,0
‘Robert Preven believes his 1948 Indian Chief motorcycle started out as a New York City police vehicle, and restored it to its original grandeur.’,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. Corrupt Tories in receipt of backhanders have compromised UK National Security and we will suffer as a result.,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
Democrats should come up with a plan to counter this and run with it as part of the platform. The GOP ignores the FACT that the debt has ballooned. #NationalDebt #Trump #GDP #2020Election U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
I wonder if this would have happened if the UK wouldn't be in the EU (and consequently Airbus had no presence in the UK). Has the SFO ever tried to prosecute a Chinese or Russian or US company? That would be extraterritorial wouldn't it?,0
Nike’s website sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise in the wake of the basketball superstar’s sudden death, the sportswear giant said, rebutting media reports it had pulled the products,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.,0
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via,0
#N72EX Crash on 26.01.20 Summary of facts as of 28.01.20 at 1200 ET.,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds.,0
High-Yield investors holding on to positions and treasury bond rally pauses after coronavirus fears mounted the past week: via,0
Voice imitation has moved from Hollywood to real world: it is happening TODAY. I guess many would have read this article from Aug, 2019: 1/7,0
#SuperBowlLIV 🏈🥑🔪🖐🤕 *Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back—With a Vengeance* 'Super Bowl Sunday, one of the biggest avocado-consumption days in the U.S., has the potential to be particularly perilous' -,0
@StillKicking62 @AEA @SenJohnBarrasso @SenRonJohnson @GrassleyPress @irs If you are conservative, you'll vote for the Democrat in 2020.,0
@StillKicking62 @AEA @SenJohnBarrasso @SenRonJohnson @GrassleyPress @irs The problem is that Republicans want to screw over America in any way they can. If you are conservative, you will vote for the Democrat in 2020.,0
Last year, real-estate startups raised $31.56 billion in funding, a more-than threefold increase from 2018. However, they are now retreating from a growth-at-all costs model, as growth can be expensive and inefficient, via @KonradPutzier #HPS_NY,0
@RedMissGuy @EoboOboe @CriticalCricket @brithume The Horowitz report reveals Rep. Adam Schiff’s many distortions. via,0
Targets Credibility...,0
Travel is also far more important now than it was to the much poorer, industry-heavy China of 2003. Tourism and related sectors now account for about 5% of China’s economy, notes Commerzbank, up from 2% in 2003.",0
Wonderful set of charts in this article a couple screens down:,0
THIS IS WHY WINGS ARE ALWAYS THE BEST CHOICE. WINGS WINGS WINGS WINGS WINGS The knife mishaps of SuperBowl Sunday, from @ailworth,0
Late to twitter today, but, wowzers...,0
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via,0
“It’s hu­mor­ous to me that Google thinks it can “ex­pand the fron­tiers of med­i­cine” and “make peo­ple healthy” by min­ing our elec­tronic med­ical records.”,0
Well thank you mr trump dump, Republicans and this completely corrupt administration! That includes Conway and all the Lawyers.,0
UK better be ready to start losing freedom of speech soon.,0
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians. But don't the Palestinians already have two States which they manage very badly and dictatorially? Why do they deserve another? via,0
I remember receiving my first fax in 1991. I was SOMEBODY. Today, who has a fax machine? I spent several hours last week trying to fax a written report from one physician to another. Why rely on 90s technology? via,0
The Texas Municipal Retirement System plans to double its allocation target for private equity.,0
Different spin on @SAP latest Q story:,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
New York’s @MTA Criticized Over #CongestionPricing Panel,0
The mediation program is intended to help student-loan borrowers resolve differences with lenders.,0
Dual endorsement of @ewarren and @BernieSanders by a big union local: Are joint endorsements a thing now? This one makes more sense than Warren - Klobuchar. via,0
The manufacturing conglomerate, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort.,0
Making a profit from tragedy. Nike Website Sells Out of Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death. via $NKE,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via,0
“Nobody believes these tolls are going to remain truck tolls,” said GOP Senate Minority Leader Len Fasano.,0
Different venue than Toronto, but still has some of Google's ambitions on topic of city planning. Will this shot do better?,0
John Bolton, the former Trump national-security adviser, has unsettled his own Republican friends, who must decide whether he will play a potentially crucial role in the impeachment trial of President Trump by providing testimony,0
@JECDems If you are a conservative, you will be voting Democrat in 2020,0
Trump's cutting wherever he can hes slashing foreign aid slashing money to the UN he Is trying to get it straightened out,0
Who would have thought $AAPL revenues will be boosted by ... AirPods??? 🤩 : Apple posts record revenue on strong AirPod, App sales. #Apple #AAPL,0
Here's a race to the bottom we can all get behind via,0
J. F. C. .... Who would have thought electing a 6X bankrupted LOSER-grifter wanna-be mob boss might result in THIS👇❗️ U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Wish her well but wasnt her track record at VS mediocre at best? @jeffmacke New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via,0
“Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - ”. “Lieber was reportedly paid $50,000 a month by Wuhan University of Technology ... and was given more than $1.5 million to establish a lab ...”.,0
Some big consumer news: the new J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive Jan Singer. She also had Executive roles at Spanx and Nike. Solid, solid move for a brand that's at a crossroads.,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December -,0
Senior #Harvard professors can make $1 million per year in outside consulting/speaking income, on top of their $450k salary. Given the influence of Harvard profs and conflicts of interest, the public deserves full transparency on all their outside income.,0
Palestine is not taking Trumps “peace” plan well.,0
.@SEC_Enforcement Urges Better #Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms. #Regulator details strong safeguards it has observed at companies it oversees.,0
@LeaderHoyer @kelbelle10 @POTUS “The gov­ern­ment will spend $1 tril­lion more than it col­lects in 2020 and deficits will ex­ceed that amount every year for the fore­see­able fu­ture.” #GOPTaxScam,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. via,0
Additional proof that #taxreform is having a negative impact on the real estate market in #SALT states. Good article by ⁦@BethDeCarbo⁩ in ⁦ . Interesting that ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ changed his residence to #Fla to save on taxes,0
@IslandGirlPRV Trump's cuts: $1.5 trillion from Medicaid $845 billion from Medicare $25 billion from Social Security Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years,0
Downsizing Your Home Is Hard. How to Decide What’s Worth Keeping. This is a good place to start -,0
#harvard professor who may have studied #coronoavirus arrested by feds after passing information on dangerous biological agents to China (yes he is jewish),0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
“To­day Is­rael is tak-ing a gi­ant step to­ward peace,” Mr. Trump said, adding that Mr. Ne-tanyahu and his po­lit­i­cal ri­val Benny Gantz both backed the doc­u­ment as the ba­sis for ne­go­ti­a-tions be­tween the Is-raelis and the Pales­tini-ans.,0
The SEC has identified somes strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch via,0
Gorsuch - “the in­creas­ingly com­mon prac­tice of trial courts or­der­ing re­lief that transcends the cases be­fore them. . . these or­ders share the same flaw—they di­rect how the de­fen­dant must act to­ward per­sons who are not par­ties to the case.”,0
Follow on to my post on #AI for GCs and sound advice for those looking to #machinelearning and related tech for game changing opportunity. Key take away - start small to learn and put up wins, then go big with a non-CIO sponsor of a broad team.,0
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via,0
@ElliAdventurer @AamorphousA @thabigQ @mehdirhasan Clinton leveled those same accusations against Obama, also called his supporters sexist tagged Obama Boys, and also brought the birther movement into the mainstream back in 2008. Putin literally said he wanted Obama even in his re-election bid.,0
"I don’t expect such analyses will be free of controversy." is an understatement...,0
College football is where pioneering strategy entertainment happens. NFL gets the hand-me-downs. It's backwards. (Aside: college bball also understood 3 pointers were worth 3 long before the Warriors did.),0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds,0
@PeterTobias8 I havent heard anything about CJR;,0
John Bolton, the former Trump national-security adviser, has unsettled his own Republican friends, who must decide whether he will play a potentially crucial role in the impeachment trial of President Trump by providing testimony,0
A good idea for #Australia ? Anyone? #AustraliaBurning #AustralianBushfire #AustraliaFires,0
Sekulow: Impeachment “is not a game of leaks and unsourced manuscripts. That is politics, unfortunately.” Schumer: “If you don’t believe the newspaper report, call the witnesses.” Recap of the day's events in the Senate by @rebeccaballhaus @nataliewsj,0
@Grummz harvard professor (jewish) arrested by dept of defense for selling biological secrets to China,0
For years, bud­get ex­perts warned that bud­get deficits were un­sus­tain-able be­cause fed­eral bor­row­ing could crowd out pri­vate bor­row­ing, lead­ing to in­ter­est-rate in­creases. But that hasn’t hap­pened, and in­ter­est rates have re­mained low.,0
@Mazzy_Q @RepMikeJohnson @HouseDemocrats Shameful. 75% of Americans want #WitnessesAndDocuments but Republicans are having way too much fun wasting taxpayer money. They'll bankrupt America before they uphold their oaths of office. Shameful.,0
#WR: #WR: Till now, Apple always finds the way to generate revenues. via,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via,0
@RepAdamSchiff Adam, where is the ICIG Michael Atkinson’s testimony? Why won’t you release it? Also Joe Biden had no conflict of interest at all. Sure.,0
@SamtheAnswer @taylorhaskins and a discussion of the previous ones I mentioned plus another one: 4/,0
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 187 points as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data,0
This chart from the is eye opening.,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
"Women can get dinged for resisting gendered roles and risk being labeled as difficult, says Joan C. Williams... Meanwhile, men are asked less often to perform menial tasks and don’t face consequences when they decline.",0
Bloomberg’s Views on Marijuana Out of Step With Democratic Field -,0
@RepMikeJohnson @JudiciaryGOP If you are a conservative then you CAN NOT VOTE REPUBLICAN. This is NOT a conservative administration... it is a #TrumpCrimeSpree.,0
Next time @realDonaldTrump brags about the economy... You don't need a degree to know an economy built on massive debt WILL collapse.,0
Is the AHEAD of the entire corporate bond market on the looming corporate credit crunch w/ their "hit" story today? Our analysis suggest they might be.,0
hey @wsjournal might you consider letting some folks who actually do this work respond to this mess ( eg. @Graham_Coop @itsbirdemic @jnovembre ?,0
@RepMikeJohnson @JudiciaryGOP NEVER EVER EVER vote Republican. Not only do they refuse to uphold their oaths of office to give us #WitnessesAndDocuments but they also are spending recklessly. America will be bankrupt if these fools aren't kicked out of office.,0
Q1 results for Apple, 22.2B in net income, returned 23.5B (share repurchases and dividends) to shareholders. 61% of sales were international. In other words, Apple is taking money from the world and lining the pockets of Americans.,0
The annual Davos summit covers global economic trends. 2020 “Davos turned into a climate-change conference this year,” said @JasonBordoff, but “the massive gap between ambition and concrete action to change the emissions trajectory remains glaring.",0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via,0
@MisterAntiBully jewish professor arrested the dept of defense may have passed secrets on biological agents,0
I have some questions.,0
@IlhanMN Well I’m here to defend America and it’s values!! You will be defeated because God is alive and well!! America first!! You have NO IDEAS!! You only have handouts!! No more freebies!!,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales $AAPL I can hear @jimcramer saying own apple dont trade Apple right now 😁,0
Social media has taken over the everyday life of people, most importantly adolescence. No matter how consuming the content is online, there are teenagers who are sensible enough to stay off the internet when needed to. #csulb104,0
Don't mind me. Just talking about Billie Eilish on the Wall Street Journal:,0
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales #Apple @Apple @studio_fs @CalRestaurants #Cupertino #SanJose #SiliconValley #appleearnings #myfcsi,0
@paulcdejean @BryanGividen @JoshABlock @mjs_DC @jadler1969 I suppose it’s in the eye of the beholder whether this is a “reasonable” argument ... but FWIW I also think Sam Bray (cited by Gorsuch yesterday) also argues that they’re almost always unlawful.,0
We must go beyond a number to plan for a lifestyle. The unexpected and unplanned creates emotional and economic disruption. Incorporating dreams and necessities as well as preparing for financial unknowns helps in part, to make lemonade when handed lemons.,0
Know your B2B buying center &gt; AI initiatives led by the CIO saw value in 17% of cases vs 37% for AI initiatives led by other C-level executives &gt; Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail,0
Stand By Your Rich White Man! Had he been put on trial sooner, he would have been bitching about having no time to prepare his defense.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
@Speicher2017 @willchamberlain Me too. I'm just used to a series of electoral as well as Electoral College Presidential elections in the USA going back to JFK in 1960...,0
The Trump plan for Israeli-Palestinian peach isn't simply more of the same. It's a signficant departure from past American efforts. via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
.@Martin_Indyk: "Because the U.S. is Israel’s friend, we should encourage it to hold open" the chance of a two-state peace "by avoiding West Bank settlement construction or annexation that would make territorial compromise with the Palestinians impossible.",0
Louis Vuitton's dip isn't the end of the luxury boom, but coronavirus will be a doozy,0
Curb appeal can boost your property value by 7% in a home sale! But what works? What doesn't? We advise our clients and implement smart strategies that capture the MOST ROI for your home. Talk to us: listings@joelnelsongroup.com #DCRealEstate #CurbAppeal,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
Planters is evaluating its Super Bowl ad campaign featuring the demise of Mr. Peanut in a crash following Kobe Bryant’s death.,0
“He’s one of my closest friends,” Sen. Jim Inhofe (R., Okla.) said of Mr. Bolton three weeks ago. “It’s kind of unusual and uncomfortable for me because…I have the president I dearly love and I have the guy they fired, so that’s awkward.”,0
Tech: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
Most adults I know don’t want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? But roast it and it can be delicious.,0
"No Palestinian officials attended the event but the ambassadors of Oman, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates were in attendance.",0
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter,0
As House managers of impeachment trial talk about subpoenaing former national security adviser John Bolton it is significant that they previously decided to forego this testimony during House inquiry: via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects from @RichardRubinDC,0
if you are really really dumb (and inexperienced with handling an avocado) you might get this. Pro tip: use a butter knife instead,0
: 1c4f8070-8f9b-4579-b8a3-36b90a6137cd,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
@petsit16 @RockyMountViews That, along with this. 👇🏻,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via,0
A new report shows how Warren and Sanders’s proposed wealth taxes would force U.S. assets into foreign hands, writes @Freeman,0
Inspiring story -you can do anything if put your mind to it !,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via #chinazi,0
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via by @AngusLoten,0
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong AirPod, App Sales - #apple,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
In Panama, canal officials are searching for a long-term solution for droughts including a #water pipeline and a new dam. Check out more by @paulpage in :,0
This may be the most profitable ecosystem of all time!,0
What happens when a failed casino developer is allowed to run this country. #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #WorstPresidentinHistory #MoronInChief #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #cryingformycountry,0
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via,0
@Floortile_99 @Reuters Biz insider: : again:,0
This is why we need an “effective competition” standard &amp; a major update to antitrust law for the first time in 106 YEARS. In Congress, I’ll be a vocal leader on antitrust to protect our farmers, workers, &amp; small businesses. #NY24,0
@notWhyz @Broadsword_6 Just walked through the door so lazy google search, but yeah.,0
I guess my purchase last quarter of #airpod pros was my little contribution to #Apples’s record #profits!,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
: Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong AirPod, App Sales,0
In the face of strident US opposition, #Huawei will have a limited role in the development of UK's #5G infrastructure by builiding noncritical equipment. For further analysis please read our #EconoGraphic :,0
Coronavirus came from Wuhan...Coincidence? This sob should be tried and hung for espionage.,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
Senate Republicans have been put in an awkward position on what to do about a longtime ally, smart story by ⁦@nataliewsj⁩ and ⁦@siobhanehughes⁩,0
Looks like somebody is going to be getting a whole lot more #compliance #training soon. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #Harvard,0
@raintreesvilla @SkipTracer7 @alanhe @JaxAlemany I want a leader who doesn't have pie in the sky ideas that have been tried elsewhere and didn't work.,0
"You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
Bc this is what all countries do.,0
Manufacturing conglomerate 3M, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort,0
I see we're ending the day with a strong dose of Late Capitalism™️ | Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future via @Annaisaac,0
Contraband at work. Typical politician behavior.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians Pales­tin­ian Au­thor­ity Pres­i­dent Mah­moud Ab­bas re­jected the plan. “We re­jected this deal from the start and our stance was cor­rect,”,0
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030. Sustained federal budget deficits &amp; debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, CBO projected, following multiple rounds of tax cuts &amp; continued increased federal spending.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
@robertcaruso Debt held by the public at 98% by 2030. couple that with social security shortfalls and we're in for a wild ride.,0
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president,0
Heard on the Street: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. via,0
The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share. via,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales,0
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales. A proposito di oceano blu.... Leggere fino in fondo,0
some of the funds from Wuhan to be deposited for him in a Chinese bank account and some provided in cash. “Our university has put your salary in your…[bank] card and we will help you change the cash for you when you come to Wuhan via,0
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via,0
@nytimes Trump, is drawn to Foreign, political autocrats, as a U.S.A. political, autocrat. Trump governance does not include humanity, normal, human need, or compassion. These qualities and properties are fundamentally, inter-twined into all that is The U.S.A..,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. Shares rose 2.3% afterhours.,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
46. Billionaires Try to Shrink World’s Population, Report Says,0
The robots are trying to get deeper into your grocery order: (via ) #FMCG #CPG #grocery,0
Doctors across the U.S. are bracing for an epidemic of knife-related injuries on Super Bowl Sunday. The cause? Amateur guacamole makers accidentally stabbing, cutting and slicing their hands. @ailworth on avocado hand:,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
Some Iowa voters are expressing anxiety about making sure they pick a nominee who could unseat Donald Trump,0
Starbucks Closed Half of China Stores Amid Coronavirus Outbreak -- with @heatherhaddon,0
Viva ⁦@jansinger928⁩! New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive,0
#Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong #AirPod, App Sales,0
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales,0
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
: d8945335-29ed-4be9-b434-bd5dc65f010b,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
Congratulations to ⁦@DonYoungAK⁩, ⁦@SenDanSullivan⁩, ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩, This is one thing the GOP will be able to brag about for along time. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. via,0
No phone growth ??????Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales,0
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds.,0
Many major broadband companies are dishonest about the speed consumers need and the speeds they're actually capable of.,0
Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus via,0
Between crappy manufacturing numbers and record high, CRIPPLING debt... How can you call yourself a conservative if you support the Republican Party?,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis,0
Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank via,0
During the 2019 regular season, an average of 16.5 million people tuned in to watch NFL games, according to Nielsen data cited by the league, making it the most-watched season since 2016. via,0
UK limits Huawei to installing peripheral network equipment and caps market share but dismisses Trump administration’s calls for total rejection. @wsj,0
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says,0
The biggest scandal of our time,0
WHO gives a boost to Beijing after criticism at home of its handling of new coronavirus, but new travel barriers and alerts illustrate fears around the globe that China may not be doing enough to contain Wuhan outbreak via,0
Joe Biden talk about correction he did on Ukraine gov,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down - The Wall Street Journal,0
Op-Ed - Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism via,0
Alabama has made some strides adding correctional and mental-health staff in recent years, but inmate homicides and the prison population are rising. via,0
@LissaMarie630 reporting on the app like it's a thing,0
A fun reason to do archival research: to restore a vintage bike as originally as possible @freesmog1 A Vintage Police Motorcycle Gets a Second Run,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Manufacturing conglomerate 3M, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort,0
Coronavirus mortality rate: SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with the new coronavirus have died -,0
An effort to curb President Trump’s ability to use military force against Iran has stalled during the Senate impeachment trial against him. via,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via,0
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via,0
@MisterAntiBully Oh boy!,0
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding,0
@Rainbow_Stew_HA @CarmenL81408515 @michaelgriffey1 @brithume "Profit for CNN totaled $1.2 billion in 2018, according to a person familiar with the matter, the most profitable year for CNN to date." Correct, they were not #1; however, $1.2 billion is nothing to sneeze at.,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down; Shar Dubey tapped as new CEO,0
seems bad,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
Her clothes wouldn’t look out of place on the Oregon Trail. But Emily Adams Bode is selling out on Madison Avenue and stopping traffic on Hollywood red carpets—one custom patchwork jacket at a time:,0
@SenSherrodBrown They... Aren't though... Hence the deficit. $1 Trillion in 2020. It will be 98% of GDP by 2030.,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead,0
$PFE Pfizer’s New Drugs Surge as Strategy Shifts,0
Tech That Will Change Your Life in 2020 -,0
Harvard professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via,0
$IAC Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down,0
Theory MH270: Engines ran for 5 hours after lost contact. Lost contact point + radar shadow 30 min later, continue line for another 4.5hr B777 flt time = US bomber base, Diego Garcia.,0
Wall Street Journal,0
@OANN @realDonaldTrump However, it could take up to a year before it becomes available to the public. *** Identified on Jan. 7, 2020 as new virus. 100 deaths in 21 days.,0
Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages -,0
$LMT Lockheed Martin Targets Sikorsky Growth,0
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via,0
CIOs Look to Boost Tech Teams’ Diversity,0
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding,0
REITs generated returns of about 2.8% through Jan. 24 this year, surpassing the 2.1% returns posted by the S&amp;P 500 --,0
U.S #Hospitals Are Ill-Prepared For The #Coronavirus VIA,0
High-risk suppliers should be left out of sensitive or critical parts of 5G infrastructure, says the document expected to be published Wednesday,0
@sorrya2 @SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump That is for sure. The only reason to vote Republican is because you are in on the looting of the US Treasury, and you plan to abandon America before the hammer falls.,0
Kids want #AirPods too?!? I guess I shouldn't be surprised. Long $AAPL as its corporate narrative continues to evolve, but scared for myself if I'm fortunate to have children down the road...,0
@shelbyholliday @catherine_lucey Com'on @MikeBloomberg Buy their ads,0
.⁦@JustinTrudeau⁩ will likely have to strike a deal with opposition parties, which have been critical of some elements of the trade deal. #USMCA,0
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall,0
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via,0
The Trump team's aggressive push for local news coverage reflects the campaign's vast resources and reveals a strategic goal: to shift focus of coverage away from events dominating the national media, like the impeachment trial: via @catherine_lucey,0
@Cyndereller @TheRickWilson @pejesq @ajzeigler @realDonaldTrump The ISM manufacturing index in December registered its lowest level in over 10 years via,0
If you left college without reading Shakespeare, you don't have an English degree. @wjmcgurn via,0
@Cyndereller @TheRickWilson @pejesq @ajzeigler @realDonaldTrump Despite President Trump’s promise to boost coal, at least seven large coal producers have filed for bankruptcy since October 2018 via,0
Try not to stab yourself,0
"Whether framed as injunctions of ‘nationwide,’ ‘universal,’ or ‘cosmic’ scope, these orders share the same basic flaw -- they direct how the defendant must act toward persons who are not parties to the case." -- Gorsuch, J. (concurring),0
@switzertime I know. They don’t have an effective anti-viral for this strain.,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor,0
This is quite a story and quite a company via @wsj:,0
I failed as a consultant, I then joined the #lean movement - Learning from mistakes requires striving to learn from mistakes, not justifying them: #TheLeanStrategy - eye opening piece from via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
@realDonaldTrump TRUMP'S ACTIONS OVER THE PAST FEW YEARS SET BACK PEACE PROCESS IN THE MIDDLE EAST BY DECADES! Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Why Some #AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
@realDonaldTrump Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,” he said.,0
@tntarheel @FearThisAndThat @SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump NEVER EVER EVER Vote for an irresponsible Republican. Never EVER EVER EVER vote for an irresponsible Republican.,0
@Jiao_Lab now all over the news. Here:,0
Por razones personales. $MTCH -1.7% after-hours,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
The defense strategy hinges on the idea that the producer’s accusers were exploiting him for access to his industry contacts and success.,0
$MTCH She did a phenomenal job. This is a big loss for Match.,0
@SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump NEVER EVER vote for a Republican. They are irresponsible. They don't want #WitnessesAndDocuments because they KNOW Trump is guilty, but raiding the US Treasury is way too much fun.,0
@realDonaldTrump They've been tweaking the interest rates and buying treasury bonds to keep the market artificially inflated for awhile now, thanks to your (inappropriate) pressure. But they can't do it indefininitely. The market is overvalued.,0
@SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump @wyoguard Never ever ever vote for a Republican. NEVER. If you love America, never vote for the irresponsible party who spend money on the credit card like this.,0
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down, according to an internal memo, months before the company is to be spun off,0
Three Classical Recordings Shadowed by Death,0
Relaxation Guide For Stressful Times -,0
The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder via,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Avg property tax bill in US ~$3,500, w many residents in #NewYork, #NewJersey, #Connecticut &amp; #California well over $10,000/year. So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It. New tax law benefiting Miami real estate,0
“New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive,” ⁦@SuzanneKapner⁩ @wsj,0
@LivesKuato @_donlasky @ZaidJilani The DNC and soon as there's a glitch with it in any way no matter who wins no one will trust the outcome.,0
Just me, trying to enjoy my day off and get errands done... Two President's currently the subject of criminal proceedings, one who just almost went to war with Iran, announce a 'two-state' plan that also annexes significant portions of one state's land...,0
@barr_chicken @MysterySolvent Ask what? Are you deaf... listen to old Joe daddy explain it to you!,0
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth,0
No biggie.,0
Tech: AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology:,0
@HassenOccident @CobaltAnthony @nikitakarachoi @MrSam144 @MGigantoraptor @HygieneMentale @Tzitzimitl @VledTapas @Acermendax Pour la sortie du livre, un article de Charles Murray dans le *Wall Street Journal* : « Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science. Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective. »,0
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down, according to an internal memo, months before the company is to be spun off,0
New research from @ChicagoBooth's Eric Budish, et al., finds eliminating latency arbitrage would reduce the cost of trading by 17%. Via :,0
@A_Handsome_Cat @OhGodPlsNOO @AnonymousAda @stillgray I'm assuming you disagreed in good faith and so I will link to an article that discusses international law and provides further clarity from a legal point of view. Unfortunately, I have work to do. Ciao.,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak,0
"We need a President who stands with workers against rapacious corporate greed &amp; relentlessly encourages workers to join the UNION!" —@UNITEHERE11 #unitehere Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute via,0
#Iran's leadership works to heal rifts @GlobalCRL,0
If it’s so hard to accept a peace plan that doesn’t include more of Jerusalem then why do Jews face Jerusalem when they pray &amp; Muslims face Mecca? #MiddleEast #PeacePlan Rejected yet again ...#Jerusalem,0
New from the : Mission Accomplished (Wednesday Crossword, January 29),0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan,0
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
Having experienced a stitch-inducing avocado injury over the summer, take heed of this article! Friends, use a butter knife or even a specially purposed plastic serrated tool if you must.,0
Heightened US security focus on Iranian Travelers @GlobalCRL @hand,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via,0
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board,0
What a joke! What about al Aqsa? Jews can not own that site. Bad enough they control the entrance and exits. Shameful. Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
A Placebo for Pain Relief—Even When You Know It’s Not Real @wsj covers possible alternative to traditional pain medications,0
New urban economics explainer! On #siliconalley and #agglomeration,0
why tech companies tend to cluster in the same expensive neighborhoods,0
Guaca-owww!! There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl via,0
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via,0
The impact of the coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than when SARS hit. @Spencerjakab explains. #WhatsNow,0
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis,0
MY LATEST STORY: A bankruptcy judge in New York has ordered the adoption of a student loan mediation program to help borrowers and lenders solve their disputes. via Bankruptcy,0
GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via the fact that CBO projections often go awry is not much comfort,0
Longtime Match Group exec Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down as CEO following a crazy four months: a tornado hit her home and also she had personal health hiccups,0
Crazy story - Head of Harvard's chemistry department was arrested for concealing taking funding from the Chinese. via,0
The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020,0
SCOOP from @SuzanneKapner: New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via,0
"U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says" #debt #deficit,0
.@MattWirz from makes the case for #REIT stocks amidst falling bond yields. Read the full article: $WPC,0
WHO Chief Praises Beijing's Virus Response as Travel Barriers Rise @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
“#Harvard #Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to #China” - ⁦⁩,0
Too bad you didn’t take just a bit more space actually explaining what the Air Raid is from just a typical pass-oriented offense. For us viewers it would have enhanced our viewing pleasure.,0
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO,0
‘Employers are getting creative’: Caterpillar, Raytheon and other companies are offering more relocation benefits to lure far-flung new hires. via,0
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - "By the end of the year, eMarketer predicts, more than one-third of the U.S. population will be using smart ear-worn devices.",0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
#IAH and #Hobby Airport both place in the number 10 spot for best airport in their category in Wall Street Journal's annual airport rankings.,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct”,0
Ouch. 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017 via,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@realDonaldTrump and the @GOP are reaping the results of their tax cuts, and we're all paying for it.,0
As more and more state attorneys general come together to discuss the implications of big tech’s anti-competitive practices, it’s clear that regulating companies like @amazon becoming increasingly important to Americans.,0
@anniepmester why aren't you quoted in this?,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
"A microcosm of a battle that has played out over and over across the region. Technology has brought extraordinary wealth to Silicon Valley. It has also worsened the area’s housing shortage and a widening economic divide. The quest…,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians...did the Palestinians have a decision in this like Netanyahu did @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Q POST 3789 Link to Source Doc from Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) Correction will be needed: ALL SURV re: POTUS [hops] will be concluded that there was “insufficient predication to establish probable cause." Q,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians...did the Palestinians have a decision in this like Netanyahu did @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Q POST 3788 Justice Department Believes It Should Have Ended Surveillance of Trump Adviser Earlier Correction will be needed: ALL SURV re: POTUS [hops] will be concluded that there was “insufficient predication to establish probable cause." Q,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
The UK is going with Huawei, the controversial Chinese telecom giant, to build its 5G network. The UK government will give Huawei permission to build non-critical parts of its 5G network, denying the company access to its most sensitive networks.,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid,0
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via,0
Targets Credibility...,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct”,0
Impeachment Needs Witnesses on Both Sides by @Peggynoonannyc,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
#TikTok is becoming mainstream - and increasingly political - says the . When do we start thinking about TikTok in #B2BMarketing and #ThoughtLeadership? More from here:,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
Great work .@realDonaldTrump ! Great tax cuts! Passing on the pain to the rest of U.S. #MAGA2020,0
Past 48 hours have been raw, emotional, tragic &amp; shocking, especially w/ #Kobe now gone. Hopefully, let's make 1 minute count. #God has not abandoned us &amp; if we turn to #Jesus, then everything will be better. It all depends on us.,0
Volpone, or @senatemajldr By @wjmcgurn via,0
Here's the piece, and thanks again to @marcelo_H_ for being up for the interview. I learned a ton about two very different subjects: immigration and poetry.,0
Earlier this year, I hopped into a rental car and spent the day in Marysville, Calif. with @marcelo_H_ discussing his life in the agroindustrial Central Valley, his passion for poetry and his former life as an undocumented immigrant.,0
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via danger correspondent @ailworth,0
U.S. National #Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - CONGRATULATIONS #GOP #TRUMP ⁦@RandPaul⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦@SenJohnThune⁩ ⁦@ChuckGrassley⁩ ⁦@SenCoryGardner⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@MarshaBlackburn⁩,0
Sofonisba Anguissola’s ‘The Chess Game’ is cited by scholars as among the first Italian paintings of everyday family life via,0
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela: reports, the Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from US allies.,0
The CEO of a U.K.-based energy firm thought he was speaking on the phone with his boss, the chief executive of the firm’s German parent company, who asked him to send the funds to a Hungarian supplier. #cybersecurity #databreach #ransomware,0
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Welcome news. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO,0
"There is no OkCupid for people who need a work mate rather than a life mate, so it takes a little creativity and legwork to find a co-working buddy." ––Alexandra Samuel on how she found a work "spouse" while working solo. @wsj,0
@LGHammer @BetteMidler Check out this article: "Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. 'We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,' he said." Because they didn't include Palestinians in the plans, it's just demands, not peace.,0
An explosion in food deliveries precipitates a crackdown on single-use utensils, straws and packaging.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
J.Crew has hired former Victoria’s Secret executive Jan Singer as its next CEO, according to people familiar with the situation,0
How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy,0
You hate to see this. But this is what our nation has come to. Trump did this to us. Where's the outrage? Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via,0
(sub req) The Bumps Ahead for Autonomous Vehicles via Graphics,0
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via,0
Why growth for growths sake doesn't work in a capital intensive businesses such as real estate. This is why the #flexoffice and #coworking operators of the commercial real estate industry will transition from workplace product comp…,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.|. Bolton can’t change the impeachment. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ has been IMPEACHED; it’s history; it’s over. He’s toast. Get over it. And, it IS high crimes and misdemeanors. He’s guilty of treason.,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life -,0
So happy to see my unión @UNITEHERE11 endorse the only two progressive candidates running for president.,0
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via,0
Angela Merkel’s likely successor @akk wants more defense spending and overseas deployments.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
Does Mitch McConnell really belong in hell?,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology:,0
Investors are waiting for more information before evaluating the potential economic damage from the coronavirus’s spread,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects #GOPTaxScam,0
Biden's Son, Kerry Family Friend Join Ukrainian Gas Producer's Board - 2014,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed -,0
@_E_W__ @SenTedCruz Did Christians pray for this part?,0
We need a President who stands with workers against rapacious corporate greed &amp; relentlessly encourages workers to join the UNION! That is why⁦ ⁦@UNITEHERE11⁩ endorses Warren &amp; Sanders Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute,0
@Martin_Indyk: "Hard as it is for me to admit it, a two-state solution to the Palestinian problem is not a vital American interest." via,0
This is how you create the appearance of a booming economy. Everything about @realDonaldTrump is phony.,0
@paulsmithcalvin @realBrentJ @drtraductor @cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Aww, bless your heart. It was in accordance with US policy.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
Letters: Don’t Bash Trump Trade Policy Without a Solution...the argument is disingenuous from the outset: trump started a fire, and now wants to get credit for putting a little water on it. Trump will achieve nothing...farmers in Midwest on welfare...,0
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations via,0
First the #NewYorkTimes makes a double endorsement and now @UNITEHERE11 does the same. Is there anyone on the left with the balls to make a real choice?,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
@realDonaldTrump Let’s talk about the deficit that you tripled, sweetums:,0
▶️ Video: Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities,0
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
@HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge,0
#Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China... Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding.,0
Airbus to pay record fine of nearly $4 billion to settle #corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France in deferred prosecution agreement #bribery #compliance via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via A direct result of Trump’s massive tax cut for the rich and huge military spending.,0
This policy penalizes low-income immigrant communities and families and undermines guestworkers’ ability to seek redress for workplace abuse. #ProtectFamilies,0
As the new year begins, we recommend checking out 's "Best Books About #Retirement and #Aging of 2019." These six books offer helpful advice and insights for achieving health and well-being in mind, body and bank account.,0
@realmisterz03 @Neil8Rohrer @MomentoAnima @realP06o @SimonShark @krys10iam @MsMariaT @GovMikeHuckabee @realDonaldTrump @maddow Here's the data,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@MieteRene @surecantpickem @cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Yes, he stated that, however he was acting on behalf of US policy.,0
Raleigh News Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
House Democrats didn’t try to compel former national security adviser John Bolton to testify in the impeachment probe of President Trump, avoiding a potentially lengthy court fight via,0
WHO BETTER THAN TRUMP TO GUIDE US INTO BANKRUPTCY... After all, he has experience with multiple bankruptcies. Walking away from debts. Stiffing the average person with the bill. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
@JFullerPolicy @khgottesman @mammagucchi @ScottPresler @HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge. .@HillaryClinton,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Oops! US national debt will rose to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Govt will spend $1tn more than it collects in 2020 &amp; deficits to exceed that amount for at least 11yrs. Budget deficit will be at least 4.3% every year through 2030. via @OlafGersemann,0
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would,0
A U.S. charter jet was expected to arrive at Wuhan’s closed airport on Tuesday and quickly depart for the U.S., ferrying 230 or so U.S. diplomats, their family members and an “extremely limited” number of private citizens back to the U.S via,0
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
From opinion: The coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland,0
Great point in this article. Democrats aren't pushing for impeachment because they know it will result in Trump being removed from office. They're doing it to prepare the party line of painting Mitch McConnell as a villain. It's all political theater.,0
Older, hopefully wiser CIOs are now leading IT at the biggest U.S. corporations via,0
: 422ed6d6-0683-4043-8b7a-ccaf007b7cd6,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women,0
@Klonick @georgia_wells @EmilyGlazer Last but not least, since video bylines aren't obvious, a hat tip to my talented teammates @NailahMorgan @LaurizzleK @AdamBanicki &amp; @emmatscott for helping me put this together.,0
I guess if the Times can do it. I feel like everyone has forgotten this year that the point of endorsements is to help voters choose, not just to say "any of these will do".,0
Got #BYUCreamery chocolate milk?,0
@Vandalay_Inc We are done ..Just for now! One more thing read and learn and stop history fraud,0
Don't worry, they'll make it a big deal about it just as soon as there's another Democrat in the White House. Democrats will make their base pay for it, as usual.,0
@JFullerPolicy @khgottesman @mammagucchi @ScottPresler @HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge. .@HillaryClinton,0
"No stop signs from Rome." Francis wants schism.,0
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet.,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. @juliejargon,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via,0
When President Gas Light brags about the economy, taking credit for 11 years of expansion, you want to also factor in his deficit, the largest since World War II,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via,0
I'm deeply grateful for @UniteHere11's endorsement. They're on the front lines of the fights for better wages, benefits, and dignity on the job—including when they won their historic contract with Sodexo. I'm proudly fighting by their side.,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
.: "State attorneys general will meet with U.S. Justice Department attorneys ... to share information on their respective probes of ... #Google ... a step that could eventually lead to both groups joining forces.",0
@AlecGaffney @steveusdin1 @DrugChannels The @drugchannels ref to 'not throwing in the towel' alludes to proposal that biologics should be price regulated after exclusivity because the 'market' will not get to marginal cost. Rationale/approach here: and,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via,0
In big dairy bankruptcy news...,0
@realDonaldTrump @co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @agavecorn @Mooncatadams #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy #Education FEARING Bolton, Facing Facts, Sworn Testimony &amp; Voter Backlash, Putin's PRETEND GOP Ask for a Brief Recess to Collect Their Thoughts,0
Trumponomics!,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
: "Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office projected on Tuesday, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in Federal spending",0
@CarisSevern @mmpadellan Remember that Trump is 1st POTUS impeached on by a partisan effort... not a single GOP House member joined us but we don’t care cause we have #LiberalHate and despise Trump for #MAGA #WhatWeLiberalsProudlyIgnore,0
The #coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close #China’ s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
@Inzi34 @Notaboomer1 @PrisonPlanet Here’s another ominous report of major US Universities tied to Wuhan. They are all dealing in biologics.,0
Village Inn, Bakers Square Restaurant Chains File for Bankruptcy: Family-friendly restaurant chains blamed chapter 11 filing on competition from newer and larger dining operators,0
The Republican Party used to stand for fiscal responsibility, but they blew it out of the water with tax cuts for the rich. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
@Lizzie_Felty13 @RyanRadke316 I saw this article shortly after I saw this tweet. Check it out!,0
It all sounds so familiar. At least Canada pursued criminal charges for the relevant execs -- a fact often overlooked in the DPA debate,0
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
@BernieSanders @SenSanders #Bernie2020 #BernieBros To the Campaign the Facts of Communism/Socialism that you all are so wanting in USA even by force. @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 #KAG2020 🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸,0
Supreme Court allows Trump rules denying immigrants residency over public assistance,0
Google proposal for a San Jose campus would essentially remodel the city as a 21st-century company town via,0
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump?,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs,0
Investors will watch Apple’s earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus,0
Your credit score could drop this year because FICO is changing its scoring algorithm. @AAndriotis reports. #WhatsNow,0
“Senators Sanders and Warren are both fighting for the change we need in our nation. They understand the needs of workers at UNITE HERE Local 11" The union represents 32,000 people in Arizona and California. #WinWithWarren #Warren2020,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor,0
South Korea’s Military Discharges Its First Transgender Soldier -,0
@Davidspacehouse @agrosse777 @justinamash @DavidCornDC @Davidspacehouse Here is the clip,0
In her off-camera life, actress Zazie Beetz is a vocal sustainability advocate and lover of natural skincare (she’s a spokesperson for True Botanicals). She even makes her own shea oil body butter and whips up kombucha. ,0
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via,0
The SEC is stepping in with requests that financial firms step up their cybersecurity efforts to prevent breach and data loss.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects The People: Should we have more spending or tax cuts Congress:,0
@mnicoletos @SantiagoAuFund @LukeGromen @parlin56 All part of the plan Michael. Only through perpetual crises and destroying countries like yours can they impose their will on the continent 😉 Now they have a lawyer dealmaker at the helm. All part of the plan 😎,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism',0
WHO Chief Praises Beijing's Virus Response as Travel Barriers Rise,0
"The pitch would essentially remodel San Jose as a 21st-century company town, where a dominant employer lifts the local economy for decades to come.",0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters by @sharonterlep,0
"Republican voters have the right to choose which candidate should represent our party. Even if Mr. Van Drew’s switch is sincere, he is the most liberal member of the Republican caucus." #NJ02,0
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans A new federal rule will keep untrained ‘emotional support animals’ off planes.,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via,0
Employers are paying attention to workers’ office-design concerns. A McDonald’s app lets staffers pick temperature settings, including “I’m comfy.” via,0
“Sus­tained fed­eral bud­get deficits and debt will hit the high­est lev­els since World War II over the next decade, the CBO pro­jected on Tues­day, fol­low­ing mul­ti­ple rounds of tax cuts and con­tin­ued in­creases in fed­eral spend­ing.”,0
While @SpeakerPelosi and @SenSchumer tear apart the United States Constitution with their impeachment sham, @realDonaldTrump is working toward peace in the Middle East. So proud of our President and grateful for his leadership at home and abroad. #gapol,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Time to modernize. #China #coronavirus @CDCgov @becker_sbecker,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects If only there was a party that was fiscally prudent and concerned about cost control.... Too bad #Trumpublicans spend like Democrats these days. Where are our fiscal hawks???,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
From : 5G continues to be a hefty investment for #telecom companies with no clear winner in sight. Why bet on winners and losers? $SRVR - Mission critical assets powering #5G and #cloud,0
"Politico has identified chocolate milk as Mr. Romney's vice. The brand he brought to the Senate floor on Tuesday was from Mr. Romney's alma mater, Brigham Young University, according to an aide." We agree there's no better drink 🐮 @MittRomney,0
Keeping the Chinese Communist Party out of our research laboratories is a crucial act of self defense. It’s unforgivable for U.S. citizens to aid foreign adversaries in stealing American intellectual property.,0
: Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws - #internet #policy,0
: 4cbcccc1-ca57-4427-b4ac-2a49277d47bf,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@joelockhart perhaps u need a history reminder?? And this isnt satire @CNN #CNNisFakeNews,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
United Airlines became the first U.S. carrier to cancel flights to China, suspending 24 flights starting Feb. 1. via,0
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws $MSFT $AAPL $GOOG $FB,0
theofrancisRT greg_ip: Even though homes aren’t tradable, like soybeans or car parts, home prices across the world have become increasingly synchronized, and they're in a synchronized slowdown, sechaney reports. …,0
“Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel. related,0
Sick irony that Italian American Ken Cuccinelli of the DHS announces the following article rehearsing self sufficiency since so many formerly non-white Italians were on public assistance, sent money back to Italy, and even brought crime.,0
Letters:Solve Exemption Problem By Ending #Tariffs—Instead of buying dumped slabs in partnership with #China,make them here &amp; hire more American workers &amp; invest in America &amp; r national security. U r not entitled 2 dumped slabs 4 your success-#MakeItHere,0
Trump is not fiscally/economically conservative and is heading us to fiscal ruin. His spending and tax policies are to blame. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via Thank you "conservative GOP",0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor. But not just any chocolate milk, @BYU Creamery chocolate milk. I admit, I'm also recovering BYU Creamery chocolate milk addict. #StandwithMitt #DrinkwithMitt #ChocolateMitt,0
Don't even need to read this bullshit article won't let me read for free,headline say it all - what I been sayin bout this country,home of Ghengis Khan,Wuhan,Dark side of the moon,we do not know real history of Ghengis Khan,or China.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
The GOP needs to reclaim the mantel of fiscal responsibility,0
Miami hotel rates for #SuperBowlLIV are just about half the monthly rent of a studio apartment on Miami Beach.,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct”,0
For First Time, J&amp;J CEO Testifies in a Talcum-Powder Court Case,0
The investigative content that I signed up for,0
“Senators @BernieSanders and @ewarren are both fighting for the change we need in our nation. They understand the needs of workers at UNITE HERE Local 11," - @ada_briceno, co-president Unite Here Local 11 Warren, Sanders Endorsed by @UNITEHERE11 via,0
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG,0
Pfizer products that notched big quarterly sales gains included blood-thinner Eliquis, up 21%.,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. via,0
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game,0
Letters:Don’t Bash Trump Trade Policy Without a Solution.. “Reading Robert B. #Zoellick’s anti-tariff arguments, I kept waiting 4 his alternative solutions,which weren’t forthcoming.He doesn’t have one except the same old FAILED approach! #Trump, #Trade,,0
From the opinion last week: "Contrary to the tone of much [climate] activism, things that would be worth doing are not a big reach ... What’s so hard about a carbon tax? Nothing." @HolmanJenkins. /1,0
Thousand Talents Plan.... Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan,0
Wait, it was funny that Mr. Peanut (?) died in a "fiery" road crash? And now it's NOT funny because Kobe Bryant died essentially trying to avoid the day-to-day road carnage down below, which no one could have predicted? The advertising world is strange.,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth,0
—Mr. Trump said the plan would rec­og­nize Jerusalem as Is­rael’s un­di­vided cap­i­tal, but that Pales­tini-ans would get a cap­i­tal in “East­ern Jerusalem,” an area he didn’t de­fine.— Hmm...Now where have we heard this before?,0
Chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
And during a strong economy... #playingwithfire U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via,0
@LoisWeiss The seller wants to sell it, but it's for an additional price.,0
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ,0
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have picked up a joint endorsement from Unite Here Local 11 — via,0
"It's a joy I was able to be born in '88 so I could catch Kobe in his prime," Kevin Durant said. Today's players wanted to be Kobe Bryant. He was their Michael Jordan.,0
This a thickening of the plot I did not expect.,0
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians -,0
New drugs powered the company’s fourth-quarter sales, a sign that the drugmaker’s move to become smaller company and rely on its own laboratories for growth is starting to emerge.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@sammk1964 @alanfair12 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump Obama prolonged the recession. Big brain time.,0
"He returned a few minutes later with the chocolate milk in a glass, which is allowed, while bottles aren't. He held up the glass for inspection. It passed. ... A few feet away, Sen. Ron Johnson was openly snacking on Sour Patch Kids.",0
WHOOPS SORRY GUYS,0
Grandkids will suffer greatly,0
Mediobanca to Buy Non-Performing Italian Loans from Deutsche Bank -,0
US manufacturing is still in a slump.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via,0
“The long-term goal is to enhance ‘human performance via brain-machine interface.’”,0
President's Defense Concludes Its Arguments,0
A trait’s genetic cause is gross &amp; functional anatomy, physiology, or biology - not social science (SS). SS isn’t predictive b/c it’s not undergirded by physical laws. It’s materialism, ignoring the soul/mind. IQ isn’t sensory threshold. SS is peculiar BS,0
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish,0
Calling all, we need to take down this app so that the people's vote cannot be tampered with. The app is unproven, insecure, and can only disrupt the caucus process! #OurVote #FairElections #OurVoice,0
Impeachment Needs Witnesses on Both Sides by @Peggynoonannyc via,0
Strong results from United Technologies’ core aerospace business only highlight unanswered questions about its merger with defense company Raytheon.,0
@OANN @realDonaldTrump Johnson &amp; Johnson is up to their neck in legal suits, just like U spanky....#ImpeachedForever,0
1-#SupremeCourt Justice #NeilGorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions—The Justice rebukes the growing practice of lower courts ruling beyond the parties 2 a specific case.The lower courts will con­sider the mer­its of the “pub­lic charge” rule,...,0
#Mideast #PeacePlan MEANWHILE in #France,0
The pressure on Huawei continues to mount but Europe and emerging markets may be it's savior. #China #Huawei #Blacklist #USA #5G,0
just putting this here:,0
Mar 19, 2015 Hillary Clinton Ukrainian connections.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
Check out this arricle by @lesliebrody in the about the impossibly low salaries of childcare workers - and what's being done about it. #childcare #teachers #childdevelopment,0
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies vía,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor -- "Mr. Romney retreated to the Republican cloakroom after the staff member appeared gently to chide him." @lindsaywise is on the case.,0
Congratulations @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr @GOP @GOPChairwoman @housegop @SenateGOP U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
“I am going on 27 years with this motorcycle. I am going to ride until I can’t ride anymore,” says this owner of a 1948 bike by the iconic Indian Motorcycle company,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission is developing voluntary guidance for company oversight of blockchain-technology projects, reports .,0
The recent influx of investors seeking safe haven in US Treasuries could be due to a deadly virus outbreak in China, reports .,0
@RepAdamSchiff Adam, Trump is on trial for doing the same things as Joe Biden did as VP, holding back aid money to force Ukraine to end prosecutor investigation into Hunter Biden's shady nepotism to get a highly profitable corporate board position in Ukraine. Roll tape:,0
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
does no one know how elections work? i seriously don't get it,0
@HedgeyeDDale Well - even the reported 40% of listed companies lost $$ over the last 12 months. Which wreaks of growth and confidence.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Tatcha founder Victoria Tsai on her new Smurf-blue balm and the trick to a perfect cat-eye via,0
Come on Senator @MittRomney, you gotta do better and not bring this kind of attention to yourself and the great state of #Utah. Also, @byu_creamery has been drug into this mess. Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via,0
Harvard chemistry chairman Charles Lieber has been arrested, after he allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
- “It is very important that the people feel they can make a choice between several options.” - @HassanRouhani #Iran has parliamentary elections coming up on February 21,0
Workers with criminal records make up around 80% of the company’s about 180 employees—and Nehemiah has learned that offering a job to people trying to turn their lives around is just half the battle. #cjreform #secondchances #schoolsnotprisons #reentry,0
“plot” “The chair­man of Har­vard Uni­ver­si­ty’s chem­istryde­part­ment was ar­rested Tues­day foral­legedly ly­ing about re­ceiv­ing mil­lions in Chi­nese fund­ing,in an es­ca­la­tion of U.S.ef­forts to counter what of­fi­cials say is a plot by Bei­jing”,0
This!!!!!!!!,0
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
“This is a small sample of China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off American technology and knowhow for Chinese gain.” China has done the same in Australia Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
@seanhannity No. If tRump is removed then Pence should be too. #PresidentPelosi,0
Nice story on Google's planned invasion of San Jose via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
@NBCNews Just one more: @NBCNews proves with their article they’re incapable of fair &amp; balanced reporting as they present a hate Trump based view of Trump’s suggested plan WHICH IS CLEARLY AN OPENING TO NEGOTIATIONS. If you want an adult view, read this from .,0
With only a handful of confirmed cases of the 2019 novel #coronavirus, biomedical innovators have quickly stepped up to begin developing vaccines against the virus.,0
Trump Says Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israel, Palestine @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
@realDonaldTrump U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #SoMuchWinning #FiscalConservative,0
What happened to the GOP being the party of fiscal responsibility? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Watch live: The White House legal team closes out its defense of President Trump,0
Today on the Potomac Watch podcast: John Bolton roils the Senate impeachment trial.,0
Okay but has anyone swooped in with a hot take explaining the weirdly high (I think?) number of Senators drinking milk on the floor?! Were there cookies? I don't understand.,0
"Procter &amp; Gamble has built a database of more than a billion consumers, or roughly half of all adults online." Personalized advertising "may improve how trillions in goods are sold, and restructure Big Tech through markets rather than regulators.",0
New York City grocer Fairway Market got permission to tap a bankruptcy loan while it tries to clinch a sale,0
This isn’t an isolated incident. Chinese theft of American talent &amp; IP is a serious and systemic problem. We published a Permanent Subcmte on Investigations rpt on this just last fall. Legislation is in the works to address this issue.,0
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct”,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health...Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding...WTH..ENOUGH IS ENOUGH,0
@nomad1c23 Which one? #: #NBC: #AP: Robby Mook's DDD: DuckDuckGo is your friend. Google is helping Democrats rig it again.,0
#TooBigToFail -&gt; The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
"Uber Braces for Clash With EU Cities on Scooter Data",0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Government tells court it lacked probable cause in the last two of the four surveillance applications via,0
Harvard’s Chemistry &amp; Chemical Biology Chair was charged today for lying about his work for China. • Worked with and was paid $50k monthly by Wuhon University since 2012 • Specializes in nanoscience &amp; nanotech including tech used for infectious viruses,0
By 2030, the US national #debt will be about the size of GDP, CBO projects, following several rounds of #tax cuts and sustained increases in spending via,0
@breakingavnews @Airsquad9 RIP to the crew “The bodies of the service members, the only people on board, were recovered Tuesday...”,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
It is disturbing that in a period of solid economic growth and full employment, budget deficits persist and the federal debt grows unabated.,0
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Afghanistan Crash @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Hutchison and Mikulski: A Right to Choose Single-Sex Education - Wall Street Journal,0
In a sports world in which most jobs, especially high-ranking ones, are still held by men, more than half of the Philadelphia Eagles’ top advisers are female. via,0
Kennan Advised U.S. Not to Provoke Russia -,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
If you don't see that we're all MMT'ers now, you're just not paying attention.,0
21st century fax. In a world where the Apple Watch is being deployed in medical studies, why do we still rely on a clunky beige box that peaked in popularity around the same time as the Walkman?  via,0
The Air Raid Has Won. #GunsUp #WreckEm #TexasTech #ChiefsKingdom,0
Props to @MittRomney for getting caught with @BYU creamery chocolate milk today! if you’re gonna get busted on the Senate floor, do it with the gold standard! #byu,0
When US defaults on the dollar, then #bitcoin and #ethereum will 🚀🌔,0
5 leaders in their respective fields share predictions on the workplace of 2050. How do you see work changing in your area?,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
New @ubykotex ads break stigmas by depicting lifelike menstrual blood: [via ] More on the "uncomfortable" marketing trend:,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via,0
WHO gives a boost to Beijing after criticism at home of its handling of new coronavirus, but new travel barriers and alerts illustrate fears around the globe that China may not be doing enough to contain Wuhan outbreak via,0
Love this in-depth story on the relationship between big tech and California's affordable housing crisis by @malas_n (making a guest appearance from her Nieman fellowship!) and @realrobcopeland,0
Congestion pricing is one of the most important policy decisions New York has made in decades and we have to get it right. We need much more transparency and accountability from the planning process than we’re seeing now.,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
NEW: @UNITEHERE11, the union that almost derailed the December debate, has issued a joint endorsement of @BernieSanders and @ewarren,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Residential developments are rising on the sites of former media companies via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects vía,0
Promises kept.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
CBO projects historically large U.S. budget deficits—topping $1 trillion/year for the next decade and hitting levels not seen since WWII—driving debt to 98% of GDP by 2030. More context and details by @RichardRubinDC here:,0
"High fiscal and current-account deficits mean that countries will need to attract more investment from overseas or risk sharp depreciations in their currencies, adding to the cost of debt repayments." @Annaisaac in,0
.@MittRomney Busted With Contraband #ChocolateMilk Bottle on #USSenate Floor via &gt; #utpoli #bospoli #mapoli #dueprocess #dairy #evidence #witnesses #corruption #impeachment @SenateGOP,0
"Mr. Saperstein built the unusual home, which is wedge-shaped with two distinct wings, in the early 1990s. The wedge’s point stretches out towards the ocean on one side like the bow of a ship, overlooking a pool of the same shape",0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House,0
Planters pause my grandma’s death next 😢,0
"But... muh tax cuts" #MAGA# The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@miriamgottfried Deal between TPG and credit arm TSSP would dissolve ties that have outgrown their usefulness. A "conscious uncoupling" of sorts.,0
Why Baby Boomers Are Their Own Worst Workplace Enemy - named 1 of 5 best #babyboomers posts of 2016 #blogging,0
Bank for International Settlements says next financial crisis may come from climate change (e.g. rising water levels lead to widespread property damage; carbon regulations cause share price drop for energy firms, damaging their ability to service debts).,0
Really?! 🥑 🤔 Super Bowl Means Guacamole—and a Spike in Avocado-Related Knife Injuries.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. przez,0
The Air Raid was once considered too extreme for the NFL, and the quarterbacks who played in it weren't supposed to succeed. Then came Patrick Mahomes.,0
Managing access controls and scanning outgoing data for inside information are among the SEC’s top cybersecurity practices,0
Shot,0
i think we can all read between the lines here: a Harvard professor acting as a US spy, ala Jack Ryan, weaponized the coronavirus, ala I Am Legend, and is now being abandoned by the current administration, ala Bourne Identity. it's only Tuesday y'all.,0
: 995cbc28-2271-49aa-bdd6-7e8a428ed20c,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
"During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. " @realDonaldTrump --The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
@NotWhatYouThout @RepAndyBiggsAZ You may want to spend some time following the money on this whole affair:,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’ / #work #biz #biztip #HR #management #startups #entrepreneur #cdnecon #economy #cdnlab #ideas #community #society #choices #diversity,0
@Wise_Owl_Trader @gamesblazer06 Respectfully, while many try to make this political @federalreserve acts either with a backbone or without. Fed’s focus is Credit, NOT equity. Contrary to popular belief. Equity is a mere benefactor of the Fed saving a credit mkt unable to b stress tested.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
: b6f59abf-7393-4bff-a258-cd0353addacf,0
During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved in the opposite direction. via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor (Wall Street Journal),0
SEC Urges Better Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms #InfoSec #InfoSecNews #Security #CyberSecurity #Cyberattacks #GRC #Governance #Risk #Compliance #DataLoss #DataBreach #SEC #FSISAC #SecurityBestPractices #Cloud #FinancialServices,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
@SenSchumer HERE IS A FACT -,0
Harvard scientist Charles Lieber has been arrested, after he allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
It's one thing to hire formerly incarcerated people. It's another to position them for success. Great story about how Ohio's Nehemiah Manufacturing is doing just that and rebuilding lives.,0
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
I Do Not See a Tax Increase in the Near Future - CBO: Federal deficits to exceed $1 trillion indefinitely (Washington Examiner),0
@miriamgottfried Here's the full story:,0
Qatar spent $16.3 million on lobbying in 2017 in the US according to federal filings. As of June 2018, the country was directly employing 23 lobbying firms.. It spent some on lobbyists with ties to Trump and pd. others to ply Congress—a typical approach,0
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. ⁦@mattdemichiel⁩,0
@StevenReyCristo @RepAdamSchiff YOU ARE CORRECT -,0
With casings made in rose gold, these watches have a decidedly rosier outlook.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
@JudgeCarter Yes, we are thankful,that the Republicans will be voted out of office soon. You forgot to mention the National Debt you ass.,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
@realDonaldTrump bankrupt the Nation ! Zero growth no way to pay! @ewarren @BernieSanders @carlquintanilla @Ufc26 @Rick_Singa U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
@RepAdamSchiff HERE THE CORRUPTION -,0
@GOP @PamBondi "A consulting firm hired by Burisma Group mentioned that former Joe Biden’s son served on the Ukrainian gas company’s board so the firm could leverage a meeting with the State Department.",0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
I don't claim to be a deficit hawk, but having 1 trillion plus deficits for over a decade and debt equal to 98% of GDP is way overboard. via,0
If anyone wants to bet that we won't be massively over that projection well before they project it, please let me know... via,0
The UK government has given the green light for Huawei to build part of its next-generation 5G cellular network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration to boycott the Chinese telecoms vendor over security fears, @maximculch reports. Read here:,0
@HouseIntel @HouseDemocrats @JoeBiden &amp; hunter are GUILTY AS SIN, &amp; JOE IS THE SLEAZY DIRTY CORRUPT VP THAT threaten to freeze aid to Ukraine- HERE IS THAT FACT -,0
Very curious what #AcademicChatter and #TherapistsConnect think of this potential claim. Certainly the interplay between genetic and epigenetic influence is complicated but will a polygenic score establish immutable parameters in treatment? I’m not sure.,0
Strangest story lead I've seen in a while. 'Technology giants helped pump the West Coast full of choking traffic and expensive homes. Now they are trying to fix the damage.',0
Truth is, we have no way of knowing how many are dead. #coronavirus All authoritarian regimes are opaque. Secrecy can kill. (@)k! "Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster" - @AEIfdp's Wolfowitz &amp; Frost,0
. ⁦@limbaugh⁩ addressed this issue today and his analysis is far better. Shut the trail down ASAP. Have a summary judgment vote for acquittal tomorrow. What the media or Dems won’t matter in the least. Anything less than this is beyond foolish.,0
Trump admin will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 &amp; #deficit will exceed that amount every year in future How much do taxpayers pay secret service to protect Trump &amp; family #NepotismBarbie car rentals at Davos cost taxpayers $34,000,0
What the hell are you people doing to the country! This is absolutely disgraceful! @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi @senatemajldr,0
Here's the good news: The skills students learn through #NewsLiteracy - like the @Checkology virtual classroom - empower them to evaluate any misinformation, no matter the platform. #NewsLiteracyWeek @NewsLitProject,0
@UrLocalDaddie @DigiVorr @Shav1962 @CRKittle @annableigh @Flattielover @VetResistSquad @QDecoder @donnnie @TaraCam74631745 @HouseOfJames2 @phil_mckraken @ReaI_Patriots @CunningMarshal @PersevereEver @gorillastyle @Politinfo @TrumpSugar @DanFoc77 @Hildolfr3 @akvawe66 @calijeff1 @QuidRises @misshellcav2 @DavidMo62241953 @TiredOf_UrCrap2 @RGanley @WindsorTrader33 @zaharias19 @SumiNemo169 @alterhan @PhilipEMSkinne1 @Pittstock @DectiveSamSpade @288talk @scenic_route819 @J_man63 @dastevedaver @DrSMDHdaily @Visitor22 @NavyVetResister @GSquirrelPatton @americanationa1 @NoFacebookForMe @ThereseOSulliv2 @USNavyMomPA @amvetsupport @VetResistsTrump @SadieTNResist @NightlyPolitics If you want to know what Mexico thinks read the NYT's.,0
I mean, yeah, BYU Creamery chocolate milk really is that good...,0
@MattMackowiak @zerohedge Yep, borrowed money is fun until it’s not,0
Amsterdam gets it. “Collecting too much real-time data could be useless to cities, Ger Baron, Amsterdam’s chief technology officer, said during the panel. ‘We don’t need to know where everybody is the whole time,’ he said.”,0
What are we doing guys,0
The roaring 2020s: CBO's annual forecast projects U.S. GDP growth below 2% for the rest of the decade after hitting 2.2% this year, with $1 trillion deficits (4.5% to 5.5% of GDP) for the whole decade,0
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns via,0
Excellent piece highlighting ⁦@Genuent⁩ ⁦@GenTalentPath⁩ ⁦@kip_wright⁩ . Excellent work ⁦@ryancraigap⁩ ⁦@AanandRadia⁩,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
@JoePCunningham Peggy Noonan identified this early:,0
ICYMI: Our look at the helicopter flight that killed #KobeBryant and everyone else onboard. w/ @bzcohen,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
The Pursuit of Excellence "VistaJet Founder and CEO, Thomas Flohr takes to the skies with Peter Fuda to discuss.....carbon pollution...well not really,0
Time to fire all politicians and put in working-class folks who have to live in reality and within real constrained budgets... U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.,0
Philbin: Abuse of Power Charge Is 'Infinitely Malleable,0
Biden Quips That Ernst's Remark on His Standing in Iowa Was 'Pretty Subtle',0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - Donald Trump applying his unique bankruptcy skills.,0
That's just wonderful. “Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel. via,0
@JJDemonic @LissaMarie630 @verycosmic @GlutenAF We are on the same side. I'm just a person, who is stressed out and frantic too. I have deleted and will leave the work of the campaign to the campaigners. I saw this article, and the app it describes has a back-end vulnerability,0
Raise your hand if you just made money on #coronovirus #daytrading,0
During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved dramatically in the opposite direction.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects (@richardrubindc / Wall Street Journal),0
"The very serious, negative implications of excessive or poorly managed agglomeration" have nothing to do with agglomeration and everything to do with "excessive or poorly managed" government: @CityofSeattle @sfgov @nycgov. @MarkMuro1 @BrookingsInst,0
Trump bankrupting our country. This is winning?,0
Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, according to a Congressional Budget Office report released on Tuesday.,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via,0
We’re aiming to plant 100,000+ trees in 2020 with the support of our clients. We’re excited to be partnering with @onetreeplanted to support a more #sustainable future.,0
Wait. I thought trump was going to pay this off? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via,0
The #SEC is the latest of regulators to raise concern around #cybersecurity practices. In its report, the SEC provides guidelines on how financial-services co's should handle sensitive data &amp; safeguard itself against cyber attacks: via @JimRundle,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via,0
"The FCA’s study called latency arbitrage a 'tax' amounting to 0.0042% of daily stock-trading volume." #corpgov,0
U.S. stocks are up after yesterday’s losses, as investors shift from coronavirus fears to corporate earnings season #WhatsNow,0
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via,0
⁦@GOP⁩ thanks for largest deficits EVER and most corrupt @potus EVER!!! ⁦@GOPrepublicans⁩ ⁦@HouseGOP⁩ @fox&amp;friends ⁦@foxnewsalert⁩ ⁦@foxnewstalk⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@nytimes⁩ ⁦⁦@dcexaminer⁩ ⁦@washingtonpost⁩,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via,0
via Somebody needs to teach reporters and editors about "allegedly." The complaint didn't say he "allegedly" did that. It charged him with it. #wsj,0
I’m sure folks realize this is gopig smear madlibs though. Been here.,0
We need a #BalancedBudgetAmendment ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@newtgingrich⁩ ⁦@Heritage⁩ ⁦@CatoInstitute⁩ ⁦@pgpfoundation⁩ ⁦@AFPhq⁩,0
High debt, weak fiscal positions and inability to adjust or adapt to exogenous shocks all expose African economies. We recognize this. It's really good to see a focus on other sovereign bonds as drivers and less focus on the China narrative,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects: Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, @USCBO says,0
Gorsuch’s concurrence doesn’t go far enough, the negative consequences of these type of injunctions are obvious, especially a judge. The judges don’t care. They must be sanctioned or something real like that. Feckless Roberts should impose discipline.,0
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis via,0
How Kimberly-Clark is tapping into the stigma-free movement with an honest color choice for its advertising campaigns:,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects vía,0
Haven't they heard about christine Lagarde's golden age. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Trump bankrupting USA same as his businesses. “Not since World War II has the coun­try seen deficits dur­ing times of low un­em­ploy­ment that are as large as those that we project” The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Does this projection include mild, mod or severe recession with higher unemployment and lower tax revenue? Each market participant must diligently work out his/her own salvation.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. I disagree , the house provided no due process , nor had any evidence to impeach! Just another reason to keep it all going indefinitely !,0
@realDonaldTrump Wrong! Since you don't usually pay your bills, you may not be aware of it, but all debts come due. Stop putting our country so deep into debt.,0
Tick, tick, tick... #nationaldebt #debt #deficit via,0
The crime: Mitt Romney, on the senate floor, with the chocolate milk. #impeachment "Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor",0
"Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China" - Is there anyone who doesn't work for China?,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
@MsMagicMcLeod @Independent I’m not seeing your opinion hold up. This is one of many articles with no contradictory information to support your comment:,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects THANKS @realDonaldTrump @GOP vote @DNC this time. Historically they keep that number in check. Just a Fact!,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
@realDonaldTrump No, Americans are not better off. Cutting our Social Security and Medicare is not the answer. And you’ve done nothings to tackle debt. Remember “Oh, you people are going to be so rich!”? Most of us knew you were lying.,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Media companies and marketers are seeking new technology to connect with consumers. #Startup #Marketing,0
I love you,0
"Nobody cares about the national debt." - all those savvy GOP political people who enterprise in leading from behind. 🤷‍♂️,0
Hypocrisy at its finest the democrats can do it under obama. Actually a quid pro quo in tape. People become informed,0
@realDonaldTrump Because pumping into the market isn't working anymore - and a major correction is on the way.,0
@HumansAreLoco @prageru Or this:.,0
#LuxuryRealEstate in the #Washing #DC metro area sets a new bar with the sale of of the home of #AOL co-founder #JamesVKimsey for $45M,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life -,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Update/Milkdate:,0
Republicans are no longer the party of fiscal conservatives. When they slash safety nets, they do it out of cruelty instead of the guise of concern for spending.,0
Thanks Mr. President! U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects -,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China #NationalSecurity #coronavirus,0
Shortage of experienced CFOs? There's another path: flexible #CFO advisory services, backed by a full finance team as needed, with sector-specific knowledge, perspective and contacts accumulated over decades of experience. via,0
The debt load in the U.S. is exploding, yet bond yields are trading near record lows, giving Uncle Sam breathing room to ramp up more debt.,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
I spent years of my life fighting terrorists in the ME. I'm glad to see President Trump taking such a proactive approach to find a peaceful solution. It's time for Palestinians to reject the extremists who wish to harm Israel, USA &amp; fellow Palestinians,0
"During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved in the opposite direction." That's one way to put it. via,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela #cdnpoli,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Tech: “You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
#DayofFacts #FactsMatter So Schiff (or his office) did know the Whistleblower's identity when he said publicly he didn't? #TruthMatters always good or bad #JustSayin via,0
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT,0
Why is the @GOP silent about the financial health of our country? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
⁦@POTUS⁩* did say he’d run the country like he ran his businesses. 🤷🏾‍♀️ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is the biggest political mistake this country has ever made. And we are going to pay for it. #NationalDebt #ButHerEmails #ElectionsHaveConsequences,0
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future -,0
An embarrassingly unenviable record, as US government spends ~$2.75 Billion more PER DAY than they tax. National Debt expected to rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects: via,0
The brilliance of Putin's's strategy is that her permits Trump to bluster and cause the regime just enough damage to dupe Venezuelans in Florida. Meanwhile, Russia holds on to its chief military ally in the hemisphere.,0
@realDonaldTrump But Trump's children are provided for - all at the expense of you - Americans!,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor,0
Guess why the economy hasn't tanked yet.,0
So much winning!,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
@realDonaldTrump also you -- The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Direct AND indirect monetization of patient data. This isn’t altogether bad...in fact, this can be very good for our healthcare system.,0
New CFO, corporate growth and getting ready for first IPO. Outsource your due diligence to @LexProResearch before going public and hire experts in the field of background research and corporate investigation. #RiskManagement,0
Meanwhile in DC, @SenatorRomney gets busted for bringing @byu #byu Creamery chocolate milk onto the senate floor during impeachment hearings. He pours it in a glass and that's OK. Via @wsj,0
Therrbu have it folks ...tax cuts. Made this poss less corp tax n borrowimg .....U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Music to my ears! #Amazon 100-employee orchestra, - performs 4 public concerts/ yr mostly free at Amazon Meeting Center #Google has its #GoogleOrchestra; @salesforce has an a cappella group, “Cloudy with a Chance of Beatbox.” #techculture @ChipCutter,0
Chair of @Harvard chemistry department arrested for lying about working for #XiJinping #ThousandTalents in #Wuhan,0
Seems timely,0
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger -,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
Trump Gives Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
We really do live in the stupidest of times. (Courtesy: 's @lindsaywise),0
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus,0
Companies restructuring to get out from under US sanctions...something that happens when a board member or director is the subject of sanctions.,0
@360q @_EmmaGH @LiYuan6 Wuhan mayor admits systematic enabling of the outbreak:,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians,0
#stableGenius But because they all stem from his opponents’ frustration at his successes — the real effect is to paint Mr. Mc Connell as some sort of evil genius, writes @wjmcgurn,0
Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Mag asked six luminaries about silence. @BillieJeanKing takes time each day to be silent &amp; reflect to keep her centered &amp; sparks creativity. Visualizing success was critical to her win in the famous tennis Battle of the Sexes. She continues to inspire!,0
MAGA! Trump! Trump! Trump! U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since the aftermath of World War II over the next decade, a CBO report says,0
@AgileApophenia @LissaMarie630 @GlutenAF @JJDemonic Yes, who is in charge of the app? Who created the app? Seems the plan is to announce the winner from the #DNCApp and follow up w the paper ballots sometime later. After 2016, this seems highly suspicious.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, Thanks to Trumps no tax and spend policy_ via,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects. So the #RepublicanParty is no longer interested in fiscal responsibility,0
China’s Thousand Talents Plan is one of several tools China has been employing to achieve its S&amp;T goals, as well as gain an unfair economic and military advantage at the expense of US national security #China #Technology,0
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Air Force Crash in Taliban Territory,0
@Arconservative1 @thehill A small band of the president’s most devoted fans will do whatever it takes to attend his campaign rallies via 2/,0
J&amp;J had tried to keep its CEO from testifying, arguing that Alex Gorsky had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders via #talc #powder #talcum #asbestos #cancer #ovariancancer #mesothelioma,0
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via,0
Trump’s first 98%! A+ work!!,0
Harvard's chemistry chair allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
This can’t be good for the economy. : The U.S. national #debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
"Politico has identified chocolate milk as Mr. Romney's vice.",0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
Trump’s basically proposing a two state solution for Palestine and Israel. While I’m not necessarily pro Palestine in everything and always been proponent of two state, it’d feels really sad having to give up your land to invaders who’s been oppressing you,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
@Chrencken14 @Davos In terms of climate change, a big culprit would be lightning storms kickstarting the fires (but it seems to be more of a consequence than a cause).,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. #deficits #NationalDebt #Trump #JohnDalyNews,0
Debt to GDP ratios not seen since WWII.,0
The Wall Street Journal: Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science.,0
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science - and science will trump ideology!,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax #marijuana will be passed in the coming months via,0
Utter nonsense from @Klonick @shelbyholliday: The @CIA and the corporate press propagandize Americans on a daily (hourly?) basis, but 'experts' are worried @tiktok_us will enable the spread of lies? Give me a break, . 'Experts,' worry about yourselves,0
There's a new maverick in the senate,0
The U.S. #national #debt will #rise to 98% of #GDP by #2030, CBO projects via,0
National debt, national records. Looking forward,0
San Jose has largely missed out on Silicon Valley largesse over the years. So it's especially notable that the city is still treating Google's version of HQ2 very carefully. Great story from @realrobcopeland &amp; @malas_n -&gt;,0
@realDonaldTrump Tick tock.,0
Trumpian Economics: U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
“Not since World War II has the coun­try seen deficits dur­ing times of low un­em­ploy­ment that are as large as those that we project”.,0
Iran's Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, US Pressure - #GoogleAlerts,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via,0
Pentagon thinks jet crashed in Ghazni due to mechanical failure, not Taliban fire. Two US service members were apparently on the plane (no CIA personnel, it seems).,0
@OpMindQrime @JMac0987 @Tman06460 @Fantastic_Proph @PesekChuck @JeremyTheGingur @realPolitiDiva @joelockhart Thanks trump!,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians vía,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects - Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year ,projected to reach 98% by 2030 - always blaming the tax cuts that stimulate economic growth via,0
Romney was busted this morning for bringing contraband chocolate milk onto the Senate floor. (Can confirm BYU's chocolate milk is really good.),0
@realDonaldTrump So do your failures.,0
The other side of the coin of #Trumponomics which ⁦@POTUS⁩ completely forgot to mention in #Davos2020: The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.”,0
Why isn't this what we, as voters, are talking about and questioning candidates about?,0
@5starconsrvatv @Cubistcastle132 Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years,0
A relaxation guide for stressful times: Articles from The Wall Street Journal explore ways to keep your health and relationships free of the effects of stress,0
The Tea Party and conservative Republicans must be very worried about this. 😐 U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says,0
wsj: u.s. national debt will rise to 98% of gdp by 2030, cbo projects,0
It's almost like Republicans only care about the national debt when a Democrat is in the White House. No, wait. That's exactly what it is.,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.,0
You just never know who’s going to crack, or how, in a stressful situation. via,0
"Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept was arrested Tues for lying abt millions in funding he received from #China’s 1000 Talents Program...Separately, a BU researcher was charged w/failing to disclose her affiliation w/the PLA" @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe,0
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan,0
Tech giants apparently want to be regulated.,0
How shameful. The “conservatives” in Congress and the Administration are willing accomplices to the impending fiscal crisis. You have lost all credibility in your arguments for shrinking the size and scope of government.,0
An excellent Q &amp; A article on the Coronavirus,0
Personally, I think all cruises should be cancelled in general. For like, ever. 🤮 Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages reports ⁦⁩,0
@realDonaldTrump gotta get this fixed big papi,0
Your stipple drawing of the week,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030 (up from 81% now), CBO projects by @RichardRubinDC,0
Thought it was already there. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment.....,0
Mitt Romney was busted for bringing a bottle of BYU's famous chocolate milk on the Senate floor. He put it in a glass and that was OK.,0
Grandma is smart: “She said her grandmother pointed out: 'Honey, you not wearing the coat isn’t going to bring that [mink] back to life. He’s been dead 60 years!'” via,0
What happened to deficit hawks in the GOP? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
Is this the Birkin bag of lipstick?,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
The rate of change in both "annual deficits" &amp; "total debt" are staggering to say the least. Knowingly or not...this is a version of MMT with the FED now monetizing US debt at a record pace. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects .... so who is going to pay for all of this. ... @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
The burning question in today's A-hed: *Did* @TomBrady suffer #avocadohand before the AFC Championship in 2018 as many speculated on social media? I def put in a call to a @Patriots rep to ask. #SuperBowl2020 #SuperBowlLIV,0
@BobPattersonSJ is the true conservative in the race with lifelong liberal Jeff Van Drew. via,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. (So ⁦@GOP ⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ when do we see benefits of the Trump Tax cut),0
The last flight of Kobe Bryant's life:,0
This is ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ legacy... Bankrupting America for generations and then using the debt to cut Social Security, Medicare and other social programs. #TrumpIsANationalSecurityThreat,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Once upon a time R’s and conservatives used to care about this.,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians,0
“Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, according to a Congressional Budget Office report released on Tuesday.”,0
It seems that all of that winning (that I’m tired of) is a hell of a lot less fiscally responsible than anticipated.,0
@realDonaldTrump You’re killing us with this stuff Fatman. You’re running the country like you ran your casinos...into the ground and bankrupt.,0
Sus­tained fed­eral bud­get deficits and debt will hit the high­est lev­els since World War II over the next decade, ac­cord­ing to a Con­gres­sional Bud­get Office re­port re­leased on Tues­day.,0
This is fine. 🔥 The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
What complete charlatans and bullshitters these GOP leaders are. Remember all the times they blocked Dems on policies to helps middle and working class folks citing budget deficits? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects #usd #fed,0
"If an immigrant makes use of a public assistance program such as housing assistance, food stamps or Medicaid- or an immigration officer estimates he or she might in the future- the person could be denied a green card or barred from the U.S. altogether.",0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects Thanks #TrumpIsGuilty,0
Donald Trump is definitely the king of debt! This is alarming. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
“Fiscal conservatives” The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects $SPY $QQQ $TLT $DIA,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
OK, the actual news part of the CBO release is here:,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
Just four years ago, CIOs were the youngest executives in the front office. A new study reveals their average age is nudging higher.,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects,0
#GreatEconomy 🙁 The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects,0
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would,0
UK govt. says yes to @Huawei for building its #5G network.. #security #usban #cybersecurity,0
WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response as Travel Barriers Rise,0
irrationally made at this name, as is required for an a capella group,0
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage via,0
@TedNordhaus "The utopian dreams of those who wish to radically reorganize the world to stop climate change are not a plausible global future. Nor will denying the relationship between carbon emissions and global warming make the real risks of climate change go away.",0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
1) don’t limit AI strategy to IT strategy, go broader, 2) focus on revenue growth over cost reduction, and 3) apply AI throughout the business ... #AI #Strategy #AIWinners,0
US durable goods orders rose 2.4% in Dec from the month prior, much higher than the expected 0.3% decrease. Driving the spike was a surge in demand for military equipment as defense funding bills passed Congress, via @TheAmaraReport @d_harrison #HPS_DC,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Must read from @TedNordhaus: "In the real climate debate, no one denies the relationship between human emissions…&amp; a warming climate. Instead, the disagreement comes down to different views of climate risk in the face of multiple, cascading uncertainties",0
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt via,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
World’s largest brewer has set the bar for a new, data-driven approach to compliance,0
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor,0
How Trump’s Mideast peace plan developed over the past three years,0
‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder via,0
Sek LIES! "Laura Cooper testified that her staff received an email on July 25 from Ukraine’s embassy staff inquiring about the nearly $400 million in aid to the country",0
The major media networks have still not picked up the fact that #cruise lines like Celebrity, HAL and Seabourn are playing Russian roulette with the lives of guests &amp; crew members by refusing to cancel or refund cruises to China . . . #coronavirus #China,0
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - #GoogleAlerts,0
Tens of thousands of football fans are competing for hotel rooms around Miami with a significant presence of tourists flocking to South Beach to enjoy the sun and warm weather,0
With search success in mind, fashion brands are picking increasingly complex names,0
SEC Market-Surveillance Project Hits Snag Over Hacker Fears Brokers cite concerns that they could face costly lawsuits if database is breached #cybersecurity #cybercrime #databreach #business #DataScience #cyberthreats #fraud #cyberattacks #AI #technology,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
US population is currently growing more slowly even than during WWI/flu epidemic &amp; WWII. @jeffsparshott,0
Red teams operate in high-stress and high-risk environments and often have only colleagues to fall back on for support, veterans say,0
Renewable energy will continue its march toward newly gained dominance in electricity markets as it demonstrates its ability to reduce costs and address climate concerns. Read more in the @CFOJournal.,0
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus - #GoogleAlerts,0
The UKG’s decision to work with Huawei threatens US national security &amp; cannot be overlooked. Post-BREXIT, the UK will need to make hard choices about where it’s future lies. Rejecting Brussels only then to choose Beijing is a damnable choice.,0
Harvard's Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
editorial: John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. "This doesn’t require testifying to the Senate. Mr. Bolton could do it in a public statement, a TV interview, or an op-ed in this publication. Our editors are standing by." via,0
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
And it's my second avocado A-hed. The first was on diet avocados, aka #Slimcado.,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via,0
“We want Air India as a brand to continue to fly but we need to privatize it,” Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri said. The deadline for bids is March 17. via,0
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests -,0
Dozens of people, maybe more than 100, are marching in the halls of the State Capitol calling for marijuana justice. In their chants, some say they want it now. Other say they want action as part of the state budget due for adoption by 3/31 Background —&gt;,0
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
💡 "The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life",0
Utter bullshit. The GOP KNOWS what's in Bolton's book. They KNOW Trump is guilty. They want a private reading so they can figure out how to spin their ongoing support &amp; complicity in his crimes. Shameful. via,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters via,0
Defense Department official Laura Cooper says Kyiv wanted to know status of the nearly $400 million in security assistance via,0
After abandoning local US TV owners in #USMCA negotiations and leaving $2 billion on the table in lost cross border retransmission revenues, Trump campaign now looks to sheepishly amp up local news coverage,0
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump?,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Wearing old fur still promotes it as fashionable, increasing acceptance and resulting in more furry victims. Instead, donate old fur to help orphaned animals in wildlife sanctuaries, Australian fires, etc.,0
@Klonick As my colleagues @georgia_wells &amp; @EmilyGlazer previously reported, TikTok is being flooded with political content: Millions of young people are using the platform, and political operatives have noticed.,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG,0
If #Bolton wants to tell what he knows, he doesn't need to wait to be ask to testify before the Senate. All this drama is about selling books - via John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
The chart on website version showing job growth vs housing growth by city is great. Mobile app not showing it for some reason. Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands.,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via,0
With his $2.5 million buy in CA and TX, Bernie Sanders becomes the first non-billionaire to spend big on TV in any Super Tuesday state.,0
U.S. Screening for #Coronavirus at 20 Airports, Officials Add Risk of Extensive Infections Is Low: Wall Street Journal #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web:,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - via @retailwire #retail @Apple,0
@GHOSTRIDERNOMAD Perhaps you should read his sworn testimony closely. You know, as in under oath! Something your precious Trump won't allow any of his staff to do!,0
Your doctor still has a fax machine in 2020? Blame the lack of inter-operability among #EHR systems, forcing reliance on faxes, snail mail and hand-carrying paper, which the EHR was supposed to eliminate. From,0
Rare that I can talk about academic and NatSec stuff here, but holy shit. Lieber was basically the Father of US nanotechnology...,0
Congrats @Delta on another great year! I have been flying with you guys since I was a child, and whatever you’re doing now, keep it up. @Allegiant, thank you for allowing me a way to get to my family very quickly and for a good price. Well deserved!,0
Why Mitch McConnell drives opponents into conniptions.,0
Here is a fascinating graphic Bay area towns cities have lots of new jobs (and approve lots of new office space) Housing is growing far slower,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
The European plane maker has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over their probe into bribery and corruption, lifting a reputational and legal cloud that has hung over the company for years.,0
High property taxes combined with limited deductibility is driving some interesting decisions. #propertytax #tax #taxpayer #taxpayers,0
The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of allegedly lying to the U.S. about millions in Chinese funding he has received - #highered #edleaders,0
Definitely a trend to pay attention to, I’ve been seeing a number of articles pop up around it.,0
@ryanridgley78 @VagrantMuse @qdogg77 @stillCALLin @MarkDice @realDonaldTrump Here is Wall Street Journal....hardly a liberal rag.,0
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - LIBERAL DEMOCRAT AMERICA HATERS AT UNIVERSITIES &amp; COLLEGES TAX PAYERS SUBSIDIZE AMERICA’S BOOGEYMEN NOT RUSSIA!,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Chickfila &gt; McDonalds via,0
If the allegations are true, this professor is in very hot water indeed ... not disclosing significant financial and institutional conflicts to both his University and the US government. Jail time and heavy financial penalties are possible!,0
@ailworth “They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” said @charlesdalyMD1 @emoryuniversity, who co-authored the study.' @ailworth @wsj #SuperBowl,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via @ding_gang @BoboDiploma @Fridaytalks @GuoTx4,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
This just in water is wet.,0
@LissaMarie630 @AgileApophenia @JJDemonic @verycosmic This has me worried. Can you tell me what you might have heard about this?,0
Major changes are coming to New York City’s private trash-hauling scene, and Louis “Gino” Fava, who runs his own trash-collection business, needs to be ready,0
Machine-learning systems spot patterns that indicate which patients have high risk profiles for sepsis,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
The awkward heirloom.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians vía,0
Key staff members have left @PeteButtigieg's campaign just days before the Iowa caucus, as nonwhite staffers express concerns about a lack of inclusivity. Many of us have been warning y’all that Buttigieg is problematic, but you didn’t want to listen.,0
Be careful out there, folks. @ailworth @wsj #SuperBowl,0
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions.,0
Lovely, the Fed might hike tomorrow. Fed Funds has been flat to IOER (1.55%) since the last rate cut. If the Fed was smart they would cut both to 1.50% and get us away from this cockamamey set up of a range centered around 1/8ths. But they're not smart.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
🇺🇸 AirPods: the new it item among the playground set,0
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via,0
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California via,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray vía,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
As #debt in Sub-Saharan Africa approaches 50% of GDP, “what worries me is whether or not we’ve put these countries into a new kind of debt problem,” Deputy Chief Economist @elinaribakova tells @Annaisaac,0
"The man who now embraces Mr. Trump voted against the president’s signature policies, including funding the border wall, repealing ObamaCare and leaving the Paris climate agreement." #NJ02,0
Harley-Davidson said retail-level sales of its motorcycles fell in Q4, reflecting lower demand in the US. Motorcycle-related revenue fell to $874M, below expectations of $922M.,0
It takes more than just offering someone a job - understanding the barriers a person faces outside of work and addressing those is key: #workforce #development,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via,0
Some countries could use guidance to justify decisions to allow Huawei's technology in 5G equipment, while others might do the opposite, expert says,0
Arconic Faces MAX-Related Cuts In Sales, Jobs, but Profit Lifts Stock — - By Bob Tita and Doug Cameron This article is being republished as part of our daily reproduction of articles that also... |,0
Why Narendra Modi Was Banned From the U.S. #BoycottIndigo,0
They said it wouldn’t work. “Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet.” via,0
@415holgate @BL_St1 Not a huge fan of my CVS, but in the interest of non-bias:,0
Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus": GOP senators say the push for impeachment is hurting Biden's 2020 presidential bid,0
Martin Shkreli is facing new antitrust charges for trying to block production of a generic daraprim alt via,0
What. A. Shock.,0
@brianschatz Why are you afraid of the truth? Joe Biden is hopelessly corrupt. "A consulting firm hired by Burisma Group mentioned that Joe Biden’s son served on the Ukrainian gas company’s board so the firm could leverage a meeting with the State Department.",0
Read @ByronTau on why a lengthy court fight would be unlikely,0
Talent, training, automation and cybersecurity emerge as top concerns for tech executives responding to CIO Journal’s end-of-year survey via #IBMWORKDAYCANADA,0
Trump Offers Middle East Peace Plan,0
Some companies are still just trying to create a chic alternative for booze. ,0
The EU is set to recommend that member nations restrict companies from supplying 5G tech, if they pose a high security risk, according to draft guidance to be published tomorrow. Nice scoop from @catstupp for Cyber -,0
Google wants to transform perennial also-ran San Jose with Silicon Valley riches. The city isn’t sure that’s a good thing. #longread w/ @malas_n,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Sanders Looks Beyond Iowa With Ads in California and Texas,0
How do you pit an avocado safely? Seems like I should ask given today’s A-hed about #avocadohand:,0
Deputy White House counsel Pat Philbin on the Senate floor: “How are we supposed to get the proof of what’s inside the president’s head?”,0
Lynch, are you kidding, Joe is honesty? Please see this link for Joe's Ukraine chart:,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Even moderate Democratic 2020 presidential candidates have quietly proposed to raise the tax rate on labor by double digits and it’s received almost no attention.,0
: Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings,0
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests @wsj,0
This is incredible.,0
@TimNissen1 @JewelsJourneys Actually, he was pretty pro-business and fiscally conservative as mayor of Burlington. He talks a good game, but his record is that of a not-terribly-effective old white dude. He didn't deliver progressively once in office.,0
The false claim: that a president impeached by the House but not convicted by the Senate is eligible to run for office two more times. More from our story:,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Oh FFS I'LL TAKE IT. They're VINTAGE and what better way to honor the animal's life. I can't even with this shit. “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
From opinion: Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #ArtificialIntelligence #AI #ML via,0
"More employers see financial benefits in leveling the playing field for working mothers." via #workmom,0
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says it is evaluating 127 complaints against electric-car maker via,0
Citadel Securities can trade again in China after brokerage’s unit pays $97.6 million to resolve probe of trading practices from 2015 via,0
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown #growth #global #cloud #innovation #housing #trends,0
If the Justice Department allows DFA to buy Dean Foods, the market will be even more concentrated, enabling a few corporations to raise consumer prices and push out smaller farmers. We need to enforce antitrust laws and stop this merger.,0
.@senatemajldr Derangement Syndrome is strong, but it's only because he keeps beating the @SpeakerPelosi and her liberal allies. #KYSen,0
As governments seek to rein in the enormous power of tech giants, regulators’ antitrust and data-privacy efforts are converging via,0
Electronic trading platform #MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find: #ESG #bonds #GreenBonds #trading $MKTX,0
@CharlesPPierce How Confidential Documents Get Stored at the White House,0
“They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” Emory's @CharlesDalyMD1 explains about a spike in avocado-related injuries during #SuperBowl guacamole prep,0
#WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
I love the part where the doctor angry-emailed people when he didn't get a spot in the woodwind section. @ChipCutter on the ongoing tradition of company bands.,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
The opinion on @AmbJohnBolton "He’s a straight-shooter, even if he sometimes aims right between the eyes.",0
@surambaya @Sahel90704060 this is now global phenomenon, consider,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via,0
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. ,0
#RentControl is narrowing the supply line where housing is needed most. via @_willparker_ HT @GeorgeEntis @cbremultifamily @RiceJeanette #HousingAffordability,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
: fe033b84-acf6-4169-ba49-3db199bc1bc7,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company via,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via I would say to rep senators remember your voters first not dem fear of what's coming!,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - #espionage #gilead #WuhanCoronovirus,0
Vale’s former CEO and others have been charged with homicide and other charges. Vale said it was “perplexed” by the charges. Whether anyone spends any real time in jail remains to be seen. (END),0
A bunch of TikTok users are reacting to impeachment news. One girl literally took a false claim from Snopes, cropped the "false" rating out of it, and shared it with tens of thousands of people. TikTok took the video down after inquired about it.,0
The bubble is NOT in large caps. The bubble is NOT in large caps. The bubble is NOT... #StaySharpe,0
As dental hygienists we can screen for depression and have those conversations with our patients. Don’t be afraid to ask if they have suicidal thoughts and if they have resources for help. #suicideprevention,0
What does Vale owe the devastated town? First, it showered it with cash. Now, it plans to pull out altogether.,0
@newyscruggs while your at it don't forget Nike 💰💰,0
Vale not only knew about the dangers of this particular dam, but it was well versed in the dangers of dams overall, given another deadly collapse just a few years before. It vowed that another such tragedy would never happen again.,0
Casual reminder that I hate Disney. I really really hate them. just got off the phone call and I'm hearing about Disney going around suing star wars fan creators..,0
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation,0
The U.S. is screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus,0
@WatchingWhatYou Sorry ..... Trump is sitting on 100 Million in campaign cash as we post. No, this is more bullshit from Kevin McCarthy, a known felon who took foreign bribes to cover up Trump's criminal betrayal of the USA.,0
Vale employees also raised the alarm, but were ignored. Olavo Coelho was the mine’s longest-serving worker. He recommended evacuating the site. He was ignored, and died in the collapse.,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale -,0
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe, thinks Germany’s Defence Minister. Angela Merkel’s likely successor wants more defense spending and overseas deployments. #geopolitics #security,0
This plan gives the Palestinians an opportunity to achieve independent state by their own No Palestinians or Israelis will be unrooted from their homes Oman, Bahrein and the United Arab Emirates support the #MiddleEastPeacePlan,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - This is completely insane.,0
Two other reporters uncovered the deadly conflict of interest: TUV SUD worked as both a consultant and safety evaluator for Vale. It felt pressure to certify the dam as safe in order to not lose its lucrative work as consultant.,0
⁦⁦@ScottAdamsSays⁩ I think you predicted something like this may happen.,0
36% of all new housing and 32% of all new #affordablehousing under Housing New York has been built in the 25% of neighborhoods with the highest incomes.,0
@Harvard is overrated anyway...,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. [ Slippery slope - #Bitcoin positive ],0
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities,0
U.K. Watchdog Warns Banks on Taking Action Against Overdraft Pricing,0
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides.,0
Problem is, the #Palestinian Authority doesnt want their own State. They'd much rather continue killing Jews and cry victim and get handouts from the @UN living in poverty and misery. If #MahmoudAbbas wanted peace he has but to say so... #WasteOfTime,0
The second firm, Germany’s TUV SUD, gave the dam the lowest rating of any Vale dams it was inspecting. But it still certified it as safe, under pressure from Vale.,0
U.K. allows Huawei to build parts of 5G network,0
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending via,0
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus via,0
Sofonisba Anguissola’s ‘The Chess Game’ is cited by scholars as among the first Italian paintings of everyday family life,0
omg, Volaris is above its 2013 $12 IPO price! $VLRS,0
One French firm that audits dam safety refused to sign off on the dam. So Vale shopped for another firm.,0
Israel-Palestine crisis which had defied all solutions may not survive Trump’s antidote giving the practicality of his Mideast peace road map. It’s a win-win solution, a kind of “no winner no vanquish” deal. Trump healing the world as Jackson may say.,0
Time to stop this crazy impeachment, save taxpayer's money to fee the hungry and homeless live in tents。,0
Vale said it couldn’t have known the dam was at risk. But it knew. It had even calculated how much it would have to pay in compensation.,0
The Silicon Valley experiment: Can Google expand dramatically in San Jose without ruining traffic and jacking up housing prices?,0
Luca de Meo will take over as chief executive effective July 1.,0
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation &gt;&gt;,0
A moving story from @rsimon18, about a company dedicated to giving workers second chances.,0
A lot of talented reporters at the covered this story. The team in Brazil was led by two extraordinary reporters. Both women. They spent the past year trying to find out what happened and who was responsible. Listen to their tale here: The Journal.,0
via Attainder for Beginners A "grenade" is constitutional. A sniper rifle isn't.,0
3M to lay off 1,500 as it copes with struggling industrial economy. via,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Thought-provoking thread on Huawei from @mikebutcher According to , Huawei had access to as much as $75 billion in state support in its ascent to world's largest telecom kit supplier: (For its part, Huawei said the relied on "false information"),0
Hiring remote workers allows companies to cherry-pick the best talent—wherever they happen to live. A perfect reason to provide them with a Walkabout Office to keep them connected to thier team and your company! @walkaboutworkplace,0
It is time to close the impeachment and heal the wound from both parties that have been tearing apart since this crazy issue happened. See the link for Joe's confection:,0
A banker at a Portuguese bank apparently hanged himself after Angola prosecutors named him as a suspect in a probe of alleged money laundering via,0
Some countries could use guidance to justify decisions to allow Huawei’s technology in #5G equipment, while others might do the opposite, expert says via by @catstupp #EuropeanUnion,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via,0
Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle,0
* Two States * Endorsed by Arab powers * US/Arab subsidy of Palestine * Shared Jerusalem capital. * mandatory bill of rights and anti corruption laws for new state * recognition of Israel by Arab League 1/2,0
Ukraine mention here! via,0
Federal scrutiny of improper ties to China in academia is getting pretty serious.,0
2020 is so weird and its only January,0
All 🇺🇸 institutions are infiltrated by Chinese spies, including @Harvard @Yale @Stanford @Jkylebass @SecPompeo @HuXijin_GT @realDonaldTrump @EconCulture @thomsonreuters @SSRoachUSChina @BandyXLee1,0
Shelton is a good writer but it is hard to find new ways to say the same thing over and over for decades on end. End up with stuff like this: "A gold standard beats a gab standard.",0
Two Princes: Would You Rather Work for William or Harry?,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump,0
China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home #FreedomOfSpeech #Censorship,0
Bosses, Get Out of Your Employees’ Way,0
The audio generation is starting even younger - too young? @juliejargon on how both parents and schools are grappling with demands for AirPods @wsj #education #edtech,0
To con­sol­i­date regime control, the Guardian Coun­cil of #Iran, which vets all can­di­dates &amp; is controlled by #Khamenei, has dis­qual­i­fied large num­bers of reformists from the upcoming election, some of whom serve in the cur­rent parliament ~,0
How did the 2017 tax reform influence each individual/family? via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians,0
Stop this crazy impeachment and read this:,0
The population is AGING. The older you get, the cooler you get. That could very well have skewed the results. They should have shown an old person in the photo.,0
"Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That." Good story featuring @bankstreetedu Family Center. My kids went there, it is amazing, and every child should have same opportunity.,0
Update: #DoD reports only two crew members on board the aircraft; both bodies have been recovered. No indication plane was taken down by hostile fire. #AfghanistanPlaneCrash #Military #Taliban,0
Horrified by 's use of the hashtag "#oboeyoudidnt" but thrilled to see ASO's inclusion in this piece on employee musical groups in tech:,0
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT,0
A bunch of liberal media and it's followers, who don't know any better. Here is Joe's confest:,0
This is reassuring to me: US Sec of H&amp;HS Azor says he won't hesitate to declare national emergency if needed. I like explicit affirmation @normonics #coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say,0
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via,0
Something to pay attention to in our Universities — heightened Chinese influence — this time at a small college outside Boston:,0
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal,0
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach -,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
@carlepaul140 @scalefree @MIMayTP19 @KellyDoiron7 @ByronYork Don't forget this "Pay for the bottom 25% of wage earners rose 4.5% in November from a year earlier, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. Wages for the top 25% of earners rose 2.9%.",0
@EntheosShines @AdamTrahan @fkandkk @WajahatAli Sorry comrade - this comes from Trump's own DOJ and the conservative Wall Street Journal "Gateway pundit" isn't your friend. Try again.,0
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via,0
3⃣ U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network – by @MaximColch via Wall Street Journal,0
@RadioFreeTom Yes, fatso, save the country from 3.5% unemployment! It is just *awful* out there. 😂😂😂,0
#Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His #MiddleEastPeacePlan. Makes sense given #Iran went badly and North #Korea didnt work out that well. Besides, India didnt give any importance to his plans for brokering peace in #Kashmir either...,0
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via,0
Google: “HQ2 is the opposite of what we are trying to do." San Jose residents aren't so sure. Smart, nuanced reporting on the intersection of Big Tech and affordable housing from @malas_n and @realrobcopeland,0
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat Families with vintage fur coats are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion and politics.,0
Hospitals give tech giants access to detailed medical records. Deals with Microsoft, IBM and Google reveal the power medical providers have in deciding how patients’ sensitive health data is shared,0
International collaboration is essential to much research. But appropriate transparency and disclosure can be critical. Scientists are often unaware of legal issues.,0
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears.,0
US Higher Education system is at risk from Chinese buyouts from all fronts from cheating entry to university via our testing systems, buying up bankrupt private institutions, creating false on-campus cultural orgs. worse, buying our own Professors.,0
President Trump Says Future Palestinian State Depends on a ‘Firm Rejection of Terrorism’. I applaud his and PM Netanyahu’s efforts but I don’t see the Iranians keeping their influence via Shia militants out of Palestine. #alpolitics #AL01,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions -,0
This ignores the main crux of the problem: both groups claim Jerusalem as their center via,0
Europe to avoid sanctions on Iran saying the country hasn’t taken fresh steps to escalate nuclear work in weeks via,0
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
The Wall Street Journal: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. via @GoogleNews,0
DOJ focus on Chinese infiltration of top US research universities is a welcome development I'm reminded of Fiona Hill's statement in her impeachment deposition: "They've infiltrated all of our universities. They've infiltrated a lot of our companies.",0
A Florida businessman is the latest to plead guilty to corruption involving Ecuador’s state-controlled oil company via,0
Viva ⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ Plan for Mideast Peace,0
Ignore the Fake Climate Debate - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
Weird!,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection,0
A California couple whose solar company counted Berkshire Hathaway as an investor pleaded guilty to running a $900 million Ponzi scheme via,0
Some of France’s top money managers are working together on measuring how investors impact biodiversity. The UN warns that 1 million species are on the verge of extinction. They are also looking to hire on an ESG data provider to work on the project.,0
An unnamed Swiss banker made unlawful profits over several years from trades through his wife’s accounts at other banks via,0
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ #China Is China is influencing our Universities &amp; #socialistAgenda in US? Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company via,0
Is this a plan of self-security for the duo (Trump &amp; Netanyahu) or a plan of peace in the Middle East? #PPOL514,0
Derby’s Take: Odds Are Good Fed Will Tweak IOER Higher This Week,0
Hospitals Give Tech Giants Access to Detailed Medical Records #EHR #medtech,0
Trump said he is offering a Mideast peace plan that charts a course to two states for Israelis and Palestinians, with Jerusalem as the capital of Israel,0
@kunalkamra88 Here's a record Kunal .A Riot accused was banned for years. #BoycottIndigo #kunalkamra,0
What do #CEOs need to strategically consider as the global macroeconomy and geopolitical environment remain unpredictable and challenging? Insights from @DeloitteUS @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
#Coronavirus Hits #HongKong as #Economy Reels From Protests Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS #illness #flu #china #cdc #trends,0
Woops!,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
: 232fecb0-96a2-4ca8-bb2c-2666ad118abe,0
Globalism Today is accomplished with Socialism and Big Government Fiscal Slow Growth High Taxes Fiscal Statism Bad Economy ‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder,0
Watch Live: Trump impeachment trial resumes in the Senate,0
Joe Biden talk about Ukraine correction,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets,0
Arconic, another large industrial supplier to Boeing, is exploring staffing cuts and layoffs as production slows. The ripple effect of Boeing’s misjudgements continue. #Boeing #economy,0
#LeaseAccounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says,0
Deadly #coronavirusinfection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening #consumerspending and the country’s economy $DGRO $HDV $IVE $IWD $NOBL $SCHD $SDY $SPHD $SPYD $SPYV $VIG $VLUE $VTV $VWO $VYM $VOO $SPY $SPX $DIA $DJI $DJIA $QQQ $IXIC $IWN,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
Global Economic Brief: Climate Risk Red-Flagged For Central Banks via @deloittecfo,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
How long will it take the Palestinians to reject this deal, as they have every other one?,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
@SandraJH13_USA2 @BernieSanders @realDonaldTrump @class_axe65 @cjm101560 @LoriHare8 @JBoy057 @GreyBeard_Biker @RedMagaHat Listen to the YouTube- 🩸Sanders is Dangerous🩸 Socialism is Communism- 🩸Warren is Dangerous 🩸,0
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say,0
Live Updates: Follow our analysis of President Trump's impeachment trial in the Senate,0
Investors will be watching Apple’s first-quarter earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus in China via,0
Cool client alert! - Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via #client,0
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. via,0
Proposed overhaul of Medicaid-eligibility rules is stirring a debate via,0
Grocery chains are using smaller warehouses called fulfillment centers to reduce crowding in stores #CRE #grocery #warehouse,0
Charles Lieber, chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and NIH about millions in Chinese government funding he received @aviswanatha @kate_okeeffe,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace - The Wall Street Journal. Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
@slooterman Hugely important to make a unique comment but has a long way to go to be a record (see net neutrality),0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
The Company of Second Chances -,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says via @aosipovich,0
A lot of discussion remains to be had on #AI regulations and how we go about formalizing a framework for it. Nonetheless, it is extremely encouraging for fellow CEOs to voice their advocacy for it:,0
I inherited two of my grandmothers furs this year. They’re stunning. If you don’t want your grandmother’s fur coat, I’ll take it.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace. #Trump #MiddleEastPeacePlant #BBNetanyahu #JohnDalyNews #InformedNotInflamed,0
⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ - because even tRump needs a #usefulidiot,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
We talked to Blair Underwood about how he drew inspiration for his role in the play “A Soldier’s Play” from his father, how it compares to playing Othello and why he thinks the play makes so much sense in 2020.,0
Companies That Make or Own Flight Simulators Are The Unlikely Winners From Boing’s 737 MAX Debacle: #Aviation #Aircraft #MCAS,0
3M Co. said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort. The company, which employs 96,000 people, said the cuts would save it $110M-$120M a year.,0
Tinder is adding a panic button for dates that are going badly. via,0
. - A Made-in-China Contagion. The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
#socool .. was slated for closure .. GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory,0
Since we ran this story last week, I've heard from a handful of other pastors who also said they were fired after their churches found out they had mental health conditions. One was let go just last month. This issue is common.,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace #Trumpscammingmedia with bogus Middle East plan Don’t be deceived!,0
“Should the coro­n­avirus out­break fail to sta­bi­lize by March, first-quar­ter growth in China could slow to be­low 6%, So­ciété Générale econ­o­mists said in a re­port.”,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology:,0
@baseballcrank Two things to read 1 @Peggynoonannyc : 2. @charlesmurray -“Coming Apart” When you don’t get what these two wrote, the spectacles like the CNN fiasco with @TheRickWilson just repeat the cycle,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
A recent change in how companies account for and report operating leases may have delivered a jolt to their share prices.,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
With #Brexit and uncertain future trade-relationships between the UK and its partners ahead, @stevenmnuchin1 announced in London after #wef20 that he sees a UK-US trade agreement to be signed in 2020 already. #trade #davos,0
The finds that the housing market 🏡🏢 lost steam recently with residential investments dropping for the longest stretch since the 2008 crisis. Read more:,0
#Industry4.0 technologies continue to reshape the world, but how are business leaders capitalizing on the opportunities while managing their responsibilities toward the society? #ReadinessReport #4IR,0
#Industry4.0 technologies continue to reshape the world, but how are business leaders capitalizing on the opportunities while managing their responsibilities toward the society? #ReadinessReport #4IR,0
The chances of the Senate impeachment trial hearing new testimony mounted in the wake of new allegations about Bolton's allegations over Trump’s motivation to freeze aid to Ukraine. (via @wsj),0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
U.S. and Israel will form a joint committee to refine the plan; President says a future Palestinian state depends on a “firm rejection of terrorism”,0
Interesting... #Budweiser beer has been brewed there (#Wuhan) since 1995 (,0
To sur­prise of many, given the dis­may that greeted #Trump’s elec­tion; &amp; to my own sur­prise, given my view that Trump was under-qualified, I think he’s been a suc­cess. His style grates, but he’s been a good pres­i­dent ~ Former PM of #Australia,0
I'm concerned if the takeaway from WeWork was "don't grow your core business too fast" and not "restrain your management to more conventional standards of corporate governance and don't waste a lot of money on extraneous unprofitable endeavors",0
Aca-scuse me? The Valley is alive with the sound of music, including @Salesforce's a capella group, Cloudy with a Chance of Beatbox. via @ChipCutter,0
@AmrithRamkumar markets Likewise, as noted by @Spencerjakab in @wsjheard, US natural gas producers might be facing a prolonged price slump due to very low midwinter prices --,0
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Potential problems for US are mounting. As noted by @AmrithRamkumar in @wsjmarkets, US crude oil recently logged its fifth consecutive decline --,0
Interesting comparative stats re China and Mexico. The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
Out of the office: the quiet and gradual loss of ‘pink-collar’ jobs,0
Just more evidence for my contention passengers should all be sedated, stored in tubes in cargo hold, and revived at destination.,0
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet,0
U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus,0
Wow. This is amazing, and heart wrenching. "The next morning, she awoke to the suffocating smell of burned human bodies. 'We’re burning your parents now,' a soldier told the prisoners.",0
Sepsis kills 1 in 5 people globally each year, according to analysis published in Lancet this month, more than 2x previous estimate. Some organizations are tapping #machine #learning to spot #sepsis before it turns deadly. #AI,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Despite low fear, #surveillance at 20 US #airports. Greeters on guard, good info to know if you are #traveling anywhere in the US or abroad. #coronavirus #influenza,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #highered,0
In most industries, federal laws protect workers with disabilities, including mental illness. Church is an exception.,0
Agglomerate::::Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities,0
SO SAD! "Not long ago, the [Democrat] party advertised itself as the champion of the working class and blue-collar unions...Now the radical greens hold rallies across the country to save the planet by replacing these well-paid jobs with pink slips.",0
Will no academic resit the temptation of suckling on the teat of the dictatorship?,0
Globalism and Global Interest is hurting Native Alaskans ! Goldman Sachs claims to value ‘stakeholder engagement’ but dropped Arctic drilling without consulting the native Alaskans who rely on it, writes Harry Brower Jr.,0
Pretty good article about @billieeilish in the : She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via,0
The former Los Angeles Lakers player made several prominent investments in the tech startup industry through his firm Bryant Stibel,0
Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane? From Discover on Google,0
China's censorship helps spread the Coronavirus. For precedent, just look back at attempts to cover up and censor the 1918 breakout of the Spanish flu, which killed millions worldwide. opinion,0
It’s great to see athletes find success off the court. But it does make me squirm a bit to think that we’ve made the crossover a necessary coda. Athletes, and particular athletes of color, shouldn’t have to look at term sheets to prove their smarts.,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity,0
@TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump 48% of the Black vote favor Biden.,0
Sell out. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via,0
Controversial research tackling a controversial practice. The findings should encourage an evidence-based discussion on the costs and benefits of latency arbitrage. #TransparentInvestments #FastTrading #LatencyArbitrage,0
At a time of soul-searching for U.S. industrial conglomerates, United Technologies may be trying to do too much at the same time.,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words,’ 📷@HarperCollins,0
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe -,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace -,0
Feb­ruary 1979 #Iran cheered the fall of the Shah. A few weeks its sec­ond-rank­ing cleric, warned that Iran could “once more fall back into the hands of dic­ta­tor­ship &amp; despo­tism.” In September he mys­te­ri­ously died. His sons called it mur­der ~,0
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
The maker of Post-It Notes says the job cuts are likely to help it save $120 million a year.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
Ttrump's defense tteam are doo doo wwith out wwitness,0
They've been wrong before! &gt;&gt;&gt; Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say,0
@kesayers Yeah, like when he did more events for Hillary than everyone else outside her immediate family?,0
Risk of New #coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say health,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via,0
The newly published diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, starts where the diary of Anne Frank stopped, according to the curator of a new exhibition in Berlin,0
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?  ,0
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices.,0
Gastrobar operator Bar Louie plans to hand itself over to its lenders through a bankruptcy sale deal,0
GM has once again chosen to support Detroit by investing $2.2 billion into its next plant in the city. GM’s new line of electric and self-driving vehicles will be rolling out as early as the fall of 2021 from its retooled Detroit-Hamtramck Assembly plant.,0
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
@SyxOfNyne @JoyceWhiteVance @Zebrafarm2000 Compared to Reagan, Bush, or Bush, Trump's ability to write the headline he wants SUCKS Example: "The Surge Worked!" (Emphasis added),0
@realDonaldTrump @co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @agavecorn @Mooncatadams @concit1USA @Gallaecian #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC KARMA GOP Cannibalism Begins! As Planned, Buckle YOUR SeatBelts It's GOP vs Putin's PRETEND GOP 'Little Hands Gang' Popcorn Anyone?,0
Yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president is a debacle.,0
Interesting article on how body temperature has lowered over the years.,0
@NehemiahMfg with the help of @CincinnatiWorks help provide true #SecondChances to those with a criminal record - around 80% of their employees. @jennykim,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via,0
cites @Attomdata’s #propertytaxdata in this article illustrating how the #federaltaxoverhaul passed in late 2017 has made it costlier to own a house in high-price, high-tax areas, reshaping the #economicsofhomeownership in those areas: #propertydata,0
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report.,0
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say via,0
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via,0
Following the FOMC meeting tomorrow, Fed chair Powell will once again hold a press conference. A recent paper says these events have helped boost the public's awareness of the central bank, even as most folks are still unaware of what Fed is up to.,0
@CBHessick @gtconway3d From the .,0
While expected, this is a major loss for the White House. It expects Britain to start a domino effect. Other countries will probably embrace Huawei. U.S. will now have to lobby many more nations.,0
Risk of new Coronavirus infections in the US is low,0
Big antitrust investigation starting as Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger -,0
Prosecutors have brought a series of cases in recent months alleging that researchers at U.S. universities and labs didn’t disclose funding they were receiving from such programs, or tried to steal information to take to China. via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
The yts talkin “no one” again. I’d be wearing my moms right now if it wasn’t fat guy in a little coat action (she’s 4’10”),0
McDonald’s will pilot new breakfast sandwiches – chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits, a move that comes as the fast-food chain faces intense competition at the start of the day.,0
Demand for 3M face masks surges amid virus threat but broader slump leads to job cuts via,0
Global Stocks Slide on Coronavirus Fears,0
Weak sauce. Virus is transmitted ahead of symptoms (which take 6 to 14 days to develop)&gt;&gt; U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus,0
Not mentioned is the fact that with pass interference rules any pass attempt can lead to big gains. Add that Mahomes can run when receivers are covered and the field open and there you have it. via,0
What does it take to overcome life’s adversities? The secrets of resilience via,0
@Ditzzeechick @SenBillCassidy @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Brainwashed liberals be like “we want witnesses.” Tell that to the house who didn’t subpoena them.,0
A voting app for the #IowaCaucus? Will it be safe enough? We will see... @BBBNWP,0
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices.,0
Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to #defense dept &amp; National Institutes of Health (@NIH) about his participation in #China’s Thousand Talents Plan, the complaint said. U.S. authorities have raised alarms in particular about the so-called talent programs,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
#Trumps U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus @realDonaldTrump,0
The Tax Increases to Come via Is this what you want for the future?,0
I would bet good money none of these people regularly rides public transit.,0
Beware Bernie and Liz, they want all of your income and they will tell you how to spend what you have left. "a wealth tax is just one of the revenue grabs to expect in a Warren or Sanders administration" Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via,0
Here’s how I think of Coronavirus as a non-expert in the field. Governments always have an incentive to hype up threats (vaping, terrorism). So when they tell you a threat is not that bad, that’s a good indication that it is a manageable problem.,0
Review: Gwyneth Paltrow’s Netflix project is more informercial for her semi-notorious lifestyle brand than a show,0
In 2020, the biggest challenge will be to understand where the growth will come from on a macro level, said Oscar Decotelli, chief executive of Brazilian private-equity firm DXA Investments,0
At the center of Davos, #ClimateChange and ideas for tackling the crisis were the main drivers of discussion.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan,0
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus We can identify at least 18 common pathogens (most viral) including coronavirus w a nasopharyngeal swab; yet only two antiviral therapies(influenza and RSV in children). Huge opportunity,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
@dcexaminer @BorisJohnson @BenSasse Uh huh ...,0
got to talk to the always-wonderful @DianaHenryFood about her new book, From the Oven to the Table, and why simple cooking requires building yourself a good larder:,0
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump,0
Do you need identity theft protection? Try these no-cost measures to help protect yourself!,0
The Trump administration's "public charge" rule could not only curb the number of green cards granted each year, but also fundamentally reshape what kinds of immigrants are allowed access to the U.S.,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility via @Yahoo @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats REALLY? Bolton's known to be truthful! Trump is known for his lies! Come on! #TurnCongressBlue2020 cuz Republicans r Party over Country,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. vía,0
$CCL Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages,0
Harvard Chemistry Department Chair allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
LOL, how big of him to let Li "shine" at ground zero of the #coronavirus,0
The Wall Street Journal writes about our last #facialrecognition technology initiative. 💳 Read the whole article and learn more about our payment innovation:,0
Almost half of the $1.5 billion in Venezuelan crude exported to India in the nine months after U.S. sanctions was purchased by an Indian joint venture with Russia’s oil giant, Rosneft, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
This is who NeverTrump would like us to elect.,0
The U.S. is screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for the coronavirus, but the Department of Health and Human Services says the virus poses no immediate threat to Americans,0
"The researchers estimate 50,413 avocado-related knife injuries occurred from 1998 to 2017, with more than half of them—27,059—happening since 2013." via,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed,0
@thehill Brainwashed liberals be like “we want witnesses!!!” Why did they not subpoena them then?,0
CEOs and execs this writer talked to at #Davos think Trump will be re-elected. No surprise there. But, what's with the use throughout the piece of the GOP pejorative—"Democrat" party instead of Democratic?,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths,0
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus $SPY $QQQ $DIA,0
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus,0
Azar's press conference lifts risk sentiment further this morning. US equity futures, US 10yr yield and #USDJPY now eyeing Sunday opening gap fills.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say... this sounds like bullshit to me @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV Room rates around Miami soaring to record highs for host city, as hotels in the Keys benefit, too. via,0
@ChrisRugaber @TheAmaraReport had a good piece on this a few weeks back, definitely feels like a very intentional decision to market/frame Census jobs in response to the tight labor market.,0
This generation of NBA players always wanted to be Kobe. He was their MJ.,0
⁦@AmitShahOffice⁩ US Supreme Court allows “implementing rules that make it easier to deny limited-income immigrants residency or admission to the U.S. because they use public-assistance programs or might use them in the future.” #CAA_NRC_NPR,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for #Coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #China #ChinaVirus,0
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus,0
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received",0
The sterility of this world view is mind boggling: What’s the connection between Baby Yoda and human evolution? Columnist @AlisonGopnik via,0
Interesting bit in this story on Moscow's support of Venezuela briefly highlights Trump admin's reluctance to impose sanctions on Russian enterprises. This kept Venezuela’s oil and gold flowing to buyers, keeping Maduro in power.,0
Is university research the frontline of the new cold war?,0
The #Pharmacist Is Out: #Supermarkets Close #Pharmacy Counters #Regional #grocery chains get #squeezed by consolidation, shrinking profits in prescription drugs #trends,0
Trump Administration to Soon Issue Guidance on #Medicaid Block Grants. #aging #ageinplace #medicaid #longtermcare #caregiving #caregivers #eldercare #seniorcare #specialneeds #disability #disabilityrights,0
The company plans to use "federated learning" to access data it doesn’t own to identify promising drug compounds and help spot a rare gene mutation,0
I appreciate the Wall Street Journal's Billie Eilish explainer,0
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via,0
@Harvard needs to take a hard look at its priorities.,0
Invoking Bernard Lewis, Josef Joffe reviews ⁦@KimGhattas⁩’s “Black Wave”: “a superbly researched and sub­tly told story” that eschews the “who did this to us?” narrative,0
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
We all just listened 2 your lame ass speech. Everyone can tell when u r reading a speech from the teleprompter. Words not your own (actual “grown up big words”) b/cuz u sound like u r on drugs! EXCEPT when u go off script &amp; the “idiot Trump-speak” surfaces,0
@realDonaldTrump The economy is great he says 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️,0
Interesting #China,0
📰 "Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China",0
📰 "U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump",0
🇺🇸 Upheaval in retail world sets stage for Texas foreclosure battle,0
More news of trillion dollar companies investing in carbon + climate solutions: @Microsoft plans to invest $1bn as part of a wider climate commitment. The time is NOW for environmental investing.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via Still hurts.,0
The coronavirus outbreak in China is prompting worries about the impact on the global auto industry, which has established a major manufacturing footprint in and around Wuhan,0
: 3M Cuts More Jobs Amid U.S. Manufacturing Slump via,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay,0
Swedbank posted a drop in fourth-quarter net profit as the bank faced higher costs from its work to fight money laundering as well as higher impairments.,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via Ich hoffe, dass sich der liberalere Flügel durchsetzt.,0
DEVELOPING: Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace,0
@waltshaub @Cupcake072761 This is the last mention of a sale that I've seen. But I'm looking for a more recent one. Read this article, it is very interesting..!,0
Bc: Bc: Hesitating for a month should have been a clue Bc: Both Schiff and Nadler lied about what was in their briefs! #Impotenchment,0
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV Room rates around Miami soaring to record highs for host city, as hotels in the Keys benefit, too, # article,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via,0
Check this out @mutualofomaha @GallupNews @ConagraBrands you all are leading the way in these efforts,0
"Sonder, which leases apartments, adds furniture and sublets them by the night" look ma, i've invented the hotel,0
Dallas News Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
With #SuperBowlLIV just a few days away, advertisers are gearing up for their biggest night of the year. Here's a brief history of how #SuperBowl commercials have changed throughout the years: #football,0
...factories and millions in revenue. But also about running a small business, hiring people, and having a great business partner providing the perfect tool for business.,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
I played in high school and college... I'm a fan, but have a complicated relationship with the game (head injuries and all) but this article does a great job of summarizing what I got from my time playing and why I think we shouldn't give up on the game.,0
@michaelsantoli I’m not smart enough to know if there’s any sarcasm here. interestingly did a piece on returns by day in 2008: (Obviously this is not 2008, but of note is that Wednesday is the worst performing day),0
Meanwhile on the academin front: via,0
Entrepreneurs Are Better Off Going It Alone, Study Says,0
FICO scores by generation/age,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Very interesting article I came across! Recommended read for anyone who is interested in political stories #EDPT204,0
When money wins versus doing that right thing. Disappointing. Why would you allow the fox to even stay right outside the hen house?? #brexit #Huawei ⁦@BorisJohnson⁩,0
U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus,0
Take joy in clutter! These people do. #NoMarieKondo via,0
Kamala Harris Didn’t Act for 5 Years on Policy to Help Ensure Fair Trials -,0
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
After months of waiting, the Trump administration unveils its Israeli-Palestinian plan on a day when Trump is on trial in the Senate and Netanyahu has an indictment filed against him on three corruption cases.,0
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal,0
After 5 years of declining app rates into US MBA programs, Johns Hopkins is reshaping its curriculum, focusing on health, quant and coding. As data science &amp; analytics become increasingly important to employers, we may see other MBA programs follow suit..,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
: After WeWork Debacle, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @tunkuv,0
In light of the charges against the Harvard chemistry professor, read about Thousand Talents and China's other "brain gain" programs in my book, "Spy Schools.",0
@Grannywhotweets @bfitz944 @TheRickWilson "But the Obama administration has agreed to send only military rations for now,",0
NIAC president @jabdi spoke to the about @CBP 's detentions of Iranian Americans at the border, saying “it feels like the administration is turning the screws even further since the travel ban." #RepealtheBan 📰 Read the article here:,0
Targets Credibility...,0
" Republican voters have the right to choose which candidate should represent our party. Even if Mr. Van Drew’s switch is sincere, he is the most liberal member of the Republican caucus.",0
: 10a2a5b3-368f-48d9-b98b-4ef671aa5bf1,0
The White House has grown concerned about two more GOP senators voting for witnesses: Toomey and Portman. “From last week to today, the appetite for witnesses went from ducks after bread to sharks chasing blood,” a GOP aide said. w/@siobhanehughes,0
Targets Credibility...,0
I can see their faces now, chiseled in stone, on Mount Taxmore. via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding, @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe report:,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
Targets Credibility...,0
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
.His plan is being rejected by some of our allies &amp; many Arabs. It doesn't include a 2 state solution!! Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
The left will never get over McConnell 's strategy of holding up Garland's nomination. It was a big gamble, but he won. Just mentioning it to a Dem is enjoyable as they curl up into a fetal position. via,0
50,413 people injured slicing avocados! #SuperBowl #guacamole #avocado,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set -,0
“It helps me to know that there is #God &amp; I trust in God. It helps me to know that what­ever life throws at you, all the chal­lenges, there is always some­one you can trust” ~ Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer Germany Defense Minister,0
Nike Site Sells Out of Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death -,0
Schumer rejects Lankford idea on reading Bolton book in secure setting: "What an absurd proposal," he said. "It is a book. There is no need for it to be read in the SCIF unless you want to hide something,",0
"Flawed market design significantly increases the trading costs of large investors, and generates billions of dollars a year in profits for a small number of HFT firms and other parties in the speed race." via,0
wants Bolton to testify but warns: No good judges confirmed, no legislation except on liberal terms, relentless investigation &amp; harassment. The best people remaining would leave the Admin, &amp; GOP would be set up for a wipeout in 2022 &amp; 2024. via,0
The one good thing that I can say about Jeff Sessions is that he didn't write a tell-all book after he left his office. Too many officials try to monetize their time while in a powerful position after they leave. via,0
The Editorial Board: The Supreme Court’s broadside against lower-court mayhem is an important judicial moment.,0
Colleagues in the @ucdavis Math Dept might not think they have a need to hire faculty able to address the needs of underrepresented minorities. They certainly have the academic freedom to push for hiring priorities &amp; funding that better reflect those views,0
@KUTX @dayglowband As I understand things, it's settled fact that What a Fool Believes is (one of) the greatest pop song(s) ever written: #StandByIt,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via,0
At least $6 billion will be spent on US political campaigns in 2020. But does that $$ make a difference to results? Evidence from Alan Gerber, @dbroockman &amp; @j_kalla shows that ads rarely affect us the way personal convos can via #EGAPMembersInTheNews,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
Today the markets look a little more confident – it is yet to be seen if the downturn will gain traction. I’m quoted in today’s,0
exchanges ought to stop screwing investors by selling quicker access to the highest bidder- The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. @NewYork_SEC #flashcrash @CouncilInstInv,0
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with the guacamole prep for this weekend's Super Bowl.,0
.@FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati talks to the about moving parts behind #Roundup settlement talks by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender,0
Airbus granted a DPA: FYI @Puglaas @janephilpott,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts: #bonds #BondYields #YieldCurve #REIT #REITs,0
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month, but the increase was driven mostly by a sharp rise in demand for defense equipment,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via The real enemy!,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Take care as you prep that #SuperBowl guac or game day could be the pits. "It's the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself.” #avocadohand,0
This is a good move by Gorsuch and Thomas. Liberal judges attempting to legislate from the bench are doing a disservice to this country. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Very torn with my choice in online news now...I read this from And wonder what the author is truly thinking? #smokinggun #ImpeachmentTrials,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via #GlobalStudiesKitsMiddleEast,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
#Sepsis is killing 1 in 5 people globally each year. @McCormickJohn at ProAI features @ClevelandClinic using Jvion's #AI to go "beyond predictions to make treatment recommendations" for at-risk sepsis patients. Read more:,0
The Tax Increases to Come..,0
The Pleasures of Eating Alone,0
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit,0
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit,0
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit,0
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit,0
markets: The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets,0
“Not since the 1980s have we seen supply this tight,” said Mark Fleming, an economist at First American Financial Corp. “That’s going to stay around in 2020 and the dynamic there will drive prices higher.”,0
"Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career" via,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via Politics a lease is,0
As a former health minister of the impoverish Ethiopia which has poor access to healthcare and with a GDP per capita of about $1,000, WTO head Adhanom can be genuinely awed by the Chinese system and its efficiency. It's all relative #coronavirus,0
#BigBanks in the U.S. face looser restrictions on investing their own money in venture capital funds under the latest plan to ease the #VolckerRule’s limits on speculative trading, according to people familiar with the matter. @amacker/,0
This election season will be telling as candidates refine their China message. #China #Davos #USA #trade,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via Wow!,0
After multiple winning court cases over Bayer’s Roundup causing Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, the #EPA and #WhiteHouse are now backing the corporation: #Trump #Food #GMO #Monsantopapers #glyphosate #roundup,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income.,0
A public option isn’t Medicare for All, but it will still bust federal budgets, hurt patient care and gut private insurers, writes @lanheechen,0
Giving people with criminal history a second chance is a big risk -- or is it? The profiles one company where 80% of employees has a criminal past. Says it's a good strategy in a tight labor market.,0
Tech Regulators Expanding Focus to Artificial Intelligence #AI #machinelearning,0
DOJ charged University of Kansas professor Franklin Feng Tao with defrauding U.S. by failing to disclose he had allegedly taken a position at a Chinese university while continuing to receive U.S. grant money. via,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month, but the increase was driven mostly by a sharp rise in demand for defense equipment,0
The professor, Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health about his participation in China’s Thousand Talents Plan,0
As @Airbnb prepares to go public, no doubt we’ll see more exposes like this:,0
2) As consumers shift away from processed food and opt for smaller, fresher food with a story, makers of Wheaties, Pop Tarts, and Campbell's soup might experience the same fate as Borden's. ReInvention and Innovation is the key to survival!,0
And here I always thought scientists were morally superior to the rest of us mere mortals. And Harvard scientists were morally superior to all other scientists.,0
"My bologna has a first name, it's O-S-C-A-R..." You know the rest of the jingle but young people don't. @KraftHeinzCo, maker of Oscar Mayer, wrote down the value of their brands by $17 billion last year. #reinvention #business #food,0
@conservatismtlk @ByronYork Hunter certainly is, it goes to his state of mind. Trump was impeached for his "corrupt purposes",0
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via,0
Be safe out there, friends There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via,0
“Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding” China CCP Govt is a deadly virus that can weaken and harm the free world,0
Like, I'm sure this was fine, for instance,0
Charles Lieber, the chair of Harvard's chemistry department, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
The editorial page - which has been a toady for Trump - says #BoltonMustTestify,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan vía,0
#workforcedevelopment has an increasing footprint in the nonprofit world, but reentry programs are less common than upskilling. While this is about a for profit company, there's a lot here that NP's can emulate. Plus, what a grea…,0
San Francisco and Bay Area can become epicenter of a global housing correction (my own prediction) -- Delhi, Bengalaru, Shanghai and Berlin come next. A global real estate recession can be devastating leading to massive foreclosures, halt in construction.,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores #Warehouse #logistics #realestate,0
Bravo and thanks to reporter @SueS for her pioneering 30-year career reporting on work/life issues. As a #workingmother, I deeply appreciate the opportunity to read stories of how other people manage the many demands of being a working parent.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
You’ve got to be effing kidding me! If you know anything about the 5G infrastructure, then you know this plan of the UK literally gives Huawei access to the “keys” to the “kingdom”. #smh #BrexitTheInternet,0
: a06d301b-5a65-4738-9118-4b1eec37a2f3,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via,0
⁦@DrSJaishankar⁩ Trade negotiations The Justice Department is probing a potential merger of Dean Foods &amp; the Dairy Farmers of America A deal would unite two dairy­land gi­ants. Dean is the big­gest U.S. milk pro­ces­sor, DFA markets 1/3 of US milk.,0
Fifth time's the charm? Fed may again tweak a key interest rate as it again tries to get another rate it cares about to trade near the middle of a range for rates for a small market where banks borrow and lend reserves. Got that?,0
@benjaminwittes @OrinKerr I dunno, there's also this:,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
We spoke to Coach Monica Aldama from Netflix’s “Cheer” about what gets her through her week, what vitamins she takes and what wakes her up in the middle of the night.,0
#Harvard Charles Lieber allegedly lied to #DefenseDepartment, #NIH #NationalInstitutesofHealth about #Chinese government funding,0
Atlanta News Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via,0
Embracing passion and knowing your customer's needs can get you ahead in business.,0
Capital spending is still anemic @jdlahart,0
Great acceptance of reality from #AKK that will hopefully take hold in German politics #germany #NATO #defense #EU @wrmead via,0
This is Today's Pump by the FED. All Going On Daily Since September 2019... What is the FEDs EXIT Strategy? Anyone? Wish it would get shared... Fed Adds $84.7 Billion In New Money To Markets,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed,0
Companies often look to AI to help them cut costs and increase productivity. However, the survey found that more advanced users focus their AI initiatives on revenue generation and growth opportunities.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
#SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via,0
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career,0
How can we use digital technologies to make humans feel more—not less—connected? Read more on taking a more human approach here:,0
Why Capex Can’t Catch a Break,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
A vote for any democrat equals a vote to empty your pocket. #VoteWithYourWallet Vote #Trump2020 The Tax Increases to Come -,0
#Bioethics News: Hospitals have granted giant tech companies access to millions of detailed health records, raising concerns over patient privacy and control over health data,0
PepsiCo Moves to 100% Renewable Electricity in U.S.,0
Pub day is nerve wracking: how will reviewers react? will it even BE reviewed? how exciting to wake up in Boston to, not just one review, but TWO! and rave ones at that. : "a superbly researched and subtly told story—current history at its best",0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades.Sad critics react same w/all 45 actions “we always do XXX” no new ideas,0
This is what concerns Minnesotans from Nobles to Beltrami to St. Louis County—the fiscal strain of open borders. The Court made the right call for taxpayers as well as the Constitution. Issues like this illustrate why our Senate race is so important.,0
U.S. MANUFACTURER 3M to cut more jobs as industrial slowdown persists:,0
When I was 11, I played games like Scrabble, read books and watched TV. The world is different now. AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough via #technology,0
Shifting models that limit risk arrangements, such as joint ventures, franchising and management agreements are some of the ways real estate companies are being more cautious.,0
'The Fed successfully flooded markets with cash late last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Winding down the program could become complicated if some market commentators are right that the moves have fueled a stock-market rally.',0
Xi Jinping is calling for his government to "strengthen the guidance of public opinions" as many of his people clamor for answers amid the coronavirus outbreak. The Chinese people deserve answers to their questions, not more censorship. #coronavirus,0
This was yesterday's (Monday) Pump by the FED...Why do we need the FED to STEP IN AGAIN?... Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets,0
A fascinating new case in the U.S. Justice Department's investigation into Chinese espionage at U.S. universities: @Harvard's chemistry chairman, a pioneer in nanotechnology, is charged with lying about Chinese government funding. via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
A recent study on #FASB’s new lease accounting rules could have impacted company stock returns, especially for the #retail industry.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
If anyone is under the delusion that the Wall Street Journal is a fair and unbiased news source, check out their homepage and you may notice that trumps impeachment trial literally appears nowhere among the top headlines, what a joke: @wsj #TrumpIsGuilty,0
I'm a fan of William, so happy that my leadership style is closest to his. However, I used to like Harry.,0
The explosion of the U.S. space shuttle Challenger, which killed its seven astronauts, took place 34 years ago this week. Seems like yesterday. I was sick and home from school, sitting at the kitchen table with my mom...or was I?,0
Regular reminder that unless it's bake sale money from literal banana bread that you sold, virtually everything you touch as students or faculty at either Harvard or MIT will in the end trace back to the Pentagon.,0
Wild.,0
Without help, skin starts to lose its function as a barrier against infection around middle age via,0
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Meanwhile, in California... "Real-estate agents and developers have discovered that cannabis can be a powerful marketing gimmick to sell luxury homes",0
A really lovely and interesting essay from one of my favorite business reporters, not about business. And it makes me so happy to see Louisa now.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received",0
Apparently our employee band “the Invocans” are in good company... 🤣🤣 @Invoca @holidomeLarry pls tell me you are part of the @salesforce beat box crew!,0
U.S. Working to Evacuate American Citizens From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City - China says it’s contagious without symptoms, the US says no. Not quarantining less they have symptoms! What if we are wrong. They are going to turn those Americans loose.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
@AMPFEST_USA He has been impeached. The Senate trial decides whether to remove him from office.,0
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected area. #JakartaLangitBiru #JakartaLangitBiru,0
In fairness, if you were a shady financier ($10mn to settle a pension kickback complaint from the SEC!) and you saw @BernieSanders surging in the polls, you might be anxious too. The important thing is that MSNBC continue to air Rattner’s views.,0
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via,0
This will be interesting to see how much more information comes out in the next few weeks because China seems like they're severely under-reporting. Now some evidence people are being infected outside of Wuhan...,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
I hope he goes away for life. This is the crap that goes on at alt-Left "institutions of higher learning". More like "institutions of treason". Charles Lieber allegedly lied to DoD &amp; National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via,0
The struggle with China is real. Every time we leave the door open to espionage/infiltration by Chinese agents, we undermine our national security and economic future, not to mention risk complicity with abhorrent civil rights and human rights abuses.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
BorgWarner agreed to buy Delphi Technologies in an all-stock deal that values Delphi at about $3.3 billion and combines two major auto-parts makers via,0
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s #Fur #Coat Families with vintage fur coats are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion and politics.,0
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan -,0
MTA Chairman Pat Foye was asked, but would not commit that the panel charged with considering exceptions to the congestion pricing tolls would follow the Open Meetings Law. Foye just said there would be “a public engagement process.” Background —&gt;,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
“Ms. Warren has been forcefully advocating that women are electable”,0
At Nehemiah Manufacturing, over 80% of the workers are formerly incarcerated. To support them, Nehemiah hired Social Workers to assist those facing obstacles outside of work.,0
Crackdown on US researchers with undisclosed $$ ties to #China (e.g. undisclosed grants, paid positions) yields another criminal complaint, against #Harvard chem chair/2019 Welch Award winner/nano scientist Charles Lieber. via :,0
B-12 deficiency affects millions of people in the U.S. and, if left untreated, can lead to permanent neurological damage and even death via,0
Although Wuhan's mayor blames Beijing for the lack of disclosure (unclear whether the world's largest new year's banquet serving 40,000 had to be kept on the schedule).,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
The con is almost over.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Several legislators asked about the bus redesign in Queens. They said they have concerns over the proposed plan. State Sen. John Liu (D), looking beautiful without a necktie, said he wants to see more money spent to improve bus service.,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via,0
‘Black Wave’ Review: Islam Against Itself,0
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
So what will happen with @SparkNZ and @Huawei now in #Aotearoa for the #5G network,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding at #Harvard #NIH,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed,0
Today's Front Page of The Wall Street Journal ( via @Newseum #TFP,0
Well there goes my travel plans!!! Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession via,0
The manufacturing conglomerate, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort.,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale,0
Nancy- failed Mitch - WIN Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism,0
Virus Tests Faith in Global Economy,0
If you want to have impact, you have to operate different. Nehemiah has been doing that for a decade and has created tremendous opportunity for folks in Cincy (and now beyond b/c this article will inspire others). The Company of Second Chances,0
Re Peolsi and @senatemajldr, @wjmcgurn asks why "press treats her as some Machiavellian virtuoso" and he "gets few favorable profiles." Perhaps we see she didn't want to impeach until Trump crossed a line that had to be drawn clearly to protect democracy.,0
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe,0
This is good. Until now, I didn’t know that there was a concerted federal effort to crack down on “Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities.”,0
U.K. allows Huawei to build parts of 5G network,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
What We're Reading 📰: “10 years ago, if someone was a #CIO you could list four basic things they do. Now it’s more of a question of what kind of CIO are you.” has the story. #technology #Leadership #TuesdayMotivation,0
Virus Sparks Soul Searching Over Chinas Wild Animal Trade,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Very telling &amp; dangerous hope ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ &amp; other read &amp; heed, hope ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ is smarter now than 2012 when the election was his to lose, and he did! I shouldn’t have supported him.,0
Sales of fur clothing hit $30B in 2019, down 10-15% from 2018 due to slowdowns in top-producing China and Russia. Many major U.S. retailers will stop selling by 2020's end, but fur maintenance is still a growing business, via @rayalexsmith #HPS_NY,0
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China (Wall Street Journal),0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Details, details... Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the #EiffelTower via #Competition #Amazing,0
#SEC on #cybersecurity guidance. #cybersec #BioChronometrics #2fa #mfa #yubico #RIA,0
Doesn't anyone vet anybody these days? How can these people be trusted with educating young people, much less lecturing the rest of us on morality, when they can't be trusted with hiring decisions?,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers - The Wall Street Journal,0
The head of the European Central Bank’s banking arm, Andrea Enria, was concerned about low profitability, old technology and governance and conduct problems at banks across the eurozone. via,0
How China Is Building Two Hospitals in a Few Days via #Construction #Hospitals #Contagion #Quarantine #Coronaviruses #ZoonoticDiseases #InfectionPrevention #InfectionControl #Biosecurity #Vaccines #PandemicPreparedness #Hygiene #GlobalHealthSecurity,0
Now you say. Still you were part of the problem. Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency Zhou Xianwang says central government needed to approve release of sensitive information,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
US charges Harvard’s Chemistry Chair with lying to multiple government agencies about funding from China.,0
Kamala Harris’ campaign issues were propogated early on, damn near immediately. This story of intra Buttigieg campaign issues comes in late January 2020 and really isn’t surprising given the candidate’s history. It’s clear who the media wanted to push out.,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome -,0
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers,0
It's about time this came into the open...this stuff has been going on for years,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #China #Security via,0
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities,0
KS&amp;R is always working on innovative ways to tell a story and activate insights. Just recently we supported Deloitte in their preparations for #WEF20 in Davos. This work shows how executives are balancing readiness as they transition to Industry 4.0.,0
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets,0
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump?,0
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science,0
The chair of Harvard’s chemistry department was charged on allegations that he didn't disclose Chinese government funding he received, an escalation of efforts to counter Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities, via @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via,0
“Charlie Lieber is an extraordinary scientist whose work has transformed nanoscience &amp; nanotechnology", Harvard's president declared in 2017 when naming him University Professor. Chair of Harvard chemistry department also failed to declare Chinese funding.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. @GOP @realDonaldTrump alienating allies with ongoing threats and extortion tactics? . #uspoli #cdnpoli,0
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
Today’s Left trades only in one emotion nowadays, and it’s not hope—it’s hate. Hate is all they have to offer.,0
A short article on the Hale letters that includes several quotes! We do not recommend that anyone violate copyright. But it's hard to resist the sneak preview.,0
@reidepstein @ddayen w a piece also on Buttigieg's staff issues,0
Virus Sparks Soul-searching Over China Wild Animal Trade,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
@realDonaldTrump Yessir, things are going spectacularly well here in the critical swing state of Minnesota.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump -,0
Yikes Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Lest we forget, this is the same @WHO head that picked Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe to be a goodwill ambassador 5 months after being inaugurated...,0
Harvard chemistry professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about financials ties with China,0
An exciting development in 5G competition. Will this change other governments’ mind about Huawei’s 5G technology? It is also interesting that I see a lot of Huawei devices in Europe, but not in the US. #BCSTT,0
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions,0
@anticorruption @TIIndonesia is paying a "record fine" a good enough deterrent?,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via,0
Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept was charged on allegations he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter what officials describe as Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
@GovGoneWild @HalseyBeshears @GovRonDeSantis @IJ Read her story and about the - no joke - STING OPERATIONS FL was doing against her She lost in court, which is RIDICULOUS. But this law needs reform.,0
Diverging electability arguments: Warren is pitching herself as the unity candidate who can bridge the party's divides. Bernie says he’s best prepared to beat Trump specifically because he is not trying to win over centrist Dems. w/ @elizacollins1,0
After sharing steps to consider for #retirement planning from @nytimes, some suggestions from to consider asking a prospective adviser. @missionparkcap stands ready to share its answers with you--contact us to learn more! #personalfinance #fiduciary,0
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling.,0
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via @Nature,0
NATO Aims to Add Personnel to Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting ISIS -,0
Ok. Censorship is again the China answer.,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Kobe Bryant's investment legacy includes co-founding a venture firm that made bets on such companies as Fortnite-creator Epic Games and legal-services company LegalZoom,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
Want help researching entities owned by sanctioned companies &amp; individuals? #FCPA #OFAC50% #OFAC,0
Not a great week for Harvard.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Charles Lieber, chair of @Harvard's chemistry department, allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding - meanwhile check CDC for connections via,0
The #Palestinians aren't participating because they do not want peace in the region. Their leadership is vested in political instability, #AntiSemitism and #Terrorism . @realdonaldtrump @Netanyahu @VP @dbongino #MahmoudAbbas @RashidaTlaib @IlhanMN,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
The Fed continues pumping money into the economy to keep interest rates low and stock market roaring. Trump is loving it. via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
China is everywhere burrowing in, and we’ve allowed it. Trump must stop this. “Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China”,0
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan -,0
Harvard Chemistry Department Chair charged for allegedly lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
A shonda for the Yalies.,0
.@Pfizer posted $12.69 billion in fourth-quarter sales, meeting expectations of analysts via,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
Not surprised about how the Coronavirus started and was spread .,0
"Kotex appears to be the first major, established brand to show blood-red fluid on its products in marketing.",0
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
ANOTHER Deferred Prosecution Agreement in U.S., U.K. and France!? Does that mean #JustinTrudeau's bullying has gone...GLOBAL!!!??? via,0
New: Charles Lieber, the chair of Harvard's chemistry department, was charged in a criminal complaint Tuesday that alleges he did not disclose Chinese government funding her received.,0
@IlhanMN Yeah right...,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
#TrumpTeam to Close Arguments, Seeking to Avoid #BoltonTestimony. But they Can't Avoid #BoltonBook. Smart Move?,0
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received." [Was rated as top chemist in the world. ],0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - Another BIG OOPS 😬 boy oh boy Pete’s folks just don’t seem to get it!,0
The John Bolton Report - “The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows.”,0
@kerpen But who also said...,0
⁦@Harvard⁩ Professor Charles Lieber allegedly lied to ⁦@DeptofDefense⁩, National Institutes of Health about #China government funding,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
: f99ce8c5-36a2-4678-be9a-24a6dcc6fb62,0
Curb appeal matters, it can boost sales price by 7%! ⁦⁩ ⁦⁦@nardotrealtor⁩ #curbappeal #sellingyourhome,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan without Palestinian presence,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via,0
This is the problem with conflict of interest: it doesn’t work if there is not transparency and honesty. And the higher the position in academia, the easier it is to subvert: “..Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health..”,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
Many such cases!,0
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Charles #Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about #Chinese government funding at #Harvard.,0
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via,0
Harvard’s Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
"New York state lawmakers say they are optimistic a law to regulate and tax recreational #marijuana will be enacted in the coming months, perhaps as part of a new state budget that must be adopted by April." More via .,0
Talking about tech CEO’s calls to be regulated on today’s TNB pod:,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV Why is trump making the plan....why not middleeast countries,0
The gist of this article is that Pete's campaign has serious problems with lack of inclusivity &amp; outreach to POC. You'd never know from the headline though. Just "personnel issues.",0
End China’s Espionage Now: Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #MAGA ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #AmericaFirst #Dobbs,0
This makes no sense at all. Why would the tenured chair of Harvard’s chemistry department lie to the NIH about receiving funding from China?,0
#Sprint keeps losing customers as deal remains on hold. The wireless carrier #lost 115,000 #postpaid phone connections in the final three months of 2019.,0
Harvard professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Thx to @ByronTau for including me in this story -- If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Great piece in the @wsj on Andy Reid, one of greatest from @byu and ⁦@BYUfootball⁩,0
Harvard’s Chem Dep’t Chair, Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding; charged.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
There is some bad chemistry between the CCP and academic freedom,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding ⁦@ScottAdamsSays⁩,0
Just unsealed 👀,0
The head of the WHO praised China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak, as the U.S. raised its travel alert for China to its second-highest level and as other governments reduced exposure to travelers from China. @StephanieAYang,0
10-year-old me would be thrilled to learn of the growing popularity of synthetic frogs for dissections. I was a visionary when I wrote a poem in 5th grade on this topic. via,0
Harvard’s chemistry chairman is charged with undisclosed ties to China: Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Wow ## Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding - HARVARD’S CHEMISTRY CHAIR...,0
U.S. Companies Fuel Europe’s Green-Energy Push,0
Josef Centeno’s cookbook “Amá” is a collection of stories, family recipes, and Los Angeles–infused takes on a highly mutable cuisine:,0
This latest coronavirus should be a red flag for American hospitals, which need to get serious about infection control. Read more @ #Healthcare #HealthcareUSA #HealthcareNews #CoronoVirus #WorldHealthOrganization #WHO #USHospitals #USAHealthcareUpdates,0
U.S. Blacklists Foreign Companies Allegedly Supporting Iran’s Petroleum Sector,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding,0
#UpLink is a community builder, a matchmaker, and will aim to connect changemakers to leaders, organizations, and other individuals with like-minded passions and missions. #connectforimpact #impactthatmatters,0
These men teach us important lessons about #aging @clare_ansberry,0
Mercenaries from Russia and Turkey continue to flood Libya despite a Western-backed cease-fire.,0
Weighing 5G security, some European countries are making a technical distinction between core and noncore parts of the networks,0
Heard on the Street: U.S. lenders must now set reserves for the expected lifetime losses of a loan, not just losses for a year out. Sallie Mae was ready for the change. via @SallieMae #studentloans #TuesdayMotivation,0
Charles Lieber, ⁦@Harvard prof,⁩ allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
News: The chair of Harvard’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding. Charles Lieber is accused of lying to the Defense Department about his alleged ties.,0
"The United Kingdom’s National Institute for Health and Care Excellence has rejected immunotherapies because they were too expensive, though it has had to relent in some cases after patient protests." #IPIHurtsPatients #ValueOurHealth,0
Wow.... Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
This is merely the tip of the iceberg. Academia has got one helluva problem on its hands.,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding $SPY $QQQ,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
The humanities have been infected by political correctness and ‘repressive tolerance.’ It’s no surprise that the English major is in decline, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China -,0
Harvard Chemistry Dept Chair Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
The Wall Street Journal: Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions.,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China @AAUP @insidehighered,0
: d09f2bff-cd07-4084-af54-bb48a323bef8,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes.,0
NEW: Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Is Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China,0
The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Had many a great time during my journalism days covering SAP conferences in London, Orlando and elsewhere,0
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
“We’re a 25-year-old company going through a major shift in some of our products and services, so we're looking for younger workers to help with that,” - Vincent Dawkins, @enertiasoftware #onthepath #enrichinglives #itcareers #techtalent,0
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws. #Regulation #ePresence #ePublicist,0
@pikerel @Rhonda_Resists @fatdogz @joniernst @gatewaypundit You may be interested in knowing that both the and the Census Bureau agree with Fox's stats.,0
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to #REIT Stocks via @MattWirz,0
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via,0
Schumer: Hunter Biden has "nothing to do" with the facts of the impeachment trial,0
@80k_0k8 I must’ve copied the link before the URL had finished rerouting me to the correct page from my news feed. Hopefully, this link works:,0
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump?,0
Heightened US security focus on Iranian Travelers @GlobalCRL @hand,0
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities,0
Major stock indexes rise even as bonds briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October,0
Liberals can't STAND @senatemajldr. Why? Because he keeps beating them. #KYSen,0
But investors will be watching for two things as they evaluate where shares go in the future: Sustained services growth and Coronavirus in China,0
Once, a fellow in the next seat to me took off his shoes, revealing a serious rash and releasing a serious smell. It was so bad the flight attendant offered to reseat me...but didn't tell the fellow to put his shoes back on. #Roadwarrior via,0
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected areas,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment. via,0
@ibrahimpols , 2009: "Rattner, was one of the [Obama] administration's wealthiest officials. His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million.",0
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion In New Money To Markets, But Overall Liquidity Stable,0
The SEC has identified some strong practices in cybersecurity it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch @JimRundle writes: via Cyber #emailsecurity #TrustYourInbox,0
From @wsj - While there is a ton of talk of #5G coming soon- it is still far off Mission critical #infrastructure needs to be built out requiring more #datacenters, #celltowers, and #fiber $SRVR,0
Apple has added more than a Facebook in value over the past year. I guess you could call that a network effect.,0
This was a really neat read. Particularly, the commitment to not just hiring folks with criminal records, but to providing meaningful institutional support and accountability.,0
@AlecStapp @EconTalker @Snowden Missed this one on the question a couple days ago, from @andykessler:,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
UK's Financial Conduct Authority says high-speed trading costs other investors $5 billion per year:,0
#Iran's leadership works to heal rifts @GlobalCRL,0
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned,0
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm via,0
Interesting Op Ed: The #coronavirus #outbreak proves it’s time to close #China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
Here are the sources: and the Census Bureau.,0
@realDonaldTrump No wonder you stand with Israel. Criminals have to stick together,0
the New York Times account of what the book says about Mr. Trump and Ukraine appears a month later—on the eve of the Senate vote on witnesses. The timing is Kavanaugh-esque -- John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
The IPO of mattress company Casper will be a test of how much Wall Street’s appetite for money-losing startups has changed after Uber and WeWork. via,0
Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus": GOP senators say the push for impeachment is hurting Biden's 2020 presidential bid,0
this. see,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response as Travel Barriers Rise - Wall Street Journal,0
Unintended, yet positive consequences of their ecosystem...@Apple,0
Inside Google’s push to amass millions of patient records via,0
It's past time to move seriously in this direction, embrace electrification: GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via,0
Volkswagen Warns Auto Industry Downturn Is Worsening,0
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - Nick Timiraos foreshadows Fed thinking, Barron’s reports $26b reduction in Jan., squeezing liquidity ⁦@LanceRoberts⁩ ⁦@michaellebowitz⁩ ⁦@DiMartinoBooth⁩ ⁦@SoberLook⁩,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
Politics Newsletter: The White House confronts a big impeachment X factor, new details about Trump's Middle East peace plan, and Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus",0
@FoxFriendsFirst @ToddPiro Meanwhile 4 more Americans were killed defending this country..were is the sorrow or attention fir these heroes?,0
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly,0
if I was still a personal finance journalist, i might ask: why do three private corporations with not-great track consumer records get to dictate a fundamental lending metric with [checks notes] zero accountability or consumer choice?,0
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected areas,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year,0
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS American taxpayers would like to see an audit of the @federalreserve. Private banks created the fed in 1913 and have monopolized US currency. #EndTheFed,0
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via,0
Sneering hashtags, @nbcsnl skits and accusations of a cover-up only underscore what’s really bothering @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler: Somehow @senatemajldr always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via #MidnightMitch,0
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same,0
: 638a774f-dec0-4cd8-bcc8-a465b639db73,0
#WR: The U.K. government’s decision will not affect its relationships with the U.S. And this opening is the best marketing to Huawei in its effort to invade all the world with its equipment and technology. via,0
: "racy texts" me: CALL THEM SEXTS ALREADY,0
continuing my obsession with photos taken by pigeons:,0
Interesting new study out from the FCA on HFTs and "latency arbitrage.",0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Interesting read from Wall Street Journal,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set -,0
Is this the “modus operandi” dnc will use to take out ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ? Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns -,0
Parenting Isn’t Over When Kids Grow Up ~,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
Currency Manipulation Is a Real Problem - #JudyShelton #GoGold #GoldBackedMoney,0
markets: Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report.,0
markets: Exclusive: TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm,0
In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton.,0
markets: Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via Annaisaac,0
markets: Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find,0
@SenSanders WE GOT THE MESSAGE AMERICA WILL BE TAX TO THE POOR HOUSE!,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’-,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - via @retailwire #retail @Apple,0
TPG In Talks To Reduce Stake In $32 Bln Credit-Investing Arm - @LiveSquawk,0
The conglomerate posted higher fourth-quarter profit and sales while warning that Boeing’s problems with its 737 MAX airliner will hurt results in its Collins Aerospace business.,0
Who Hacked Jeff Bezos? Answers &amp; questions in this fascinating and entertaining podcast with my colleagues @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf (who reveals his newsroom nickname.) Detes on the feud w/ Saudi crown prince, Bezos' girlfriend &amp; more.,0
Wall Street Journal Reports the news about election of country of Isreal in Middle East 2 canadates met with Republican president Trump in the White House since1/1/2017 B4 President Barak Hosien Obama+ Jo Biden+ families living there 8 years, 2(4) in D.C.,0
Answering my own Q: he specifically mentioned refi in Sept 2019, two weeks after a Stephen Moore op-ed in the suggesting it:,0
: d8115883-8fa1-4f65-8bee-583f97058a4a,0
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas,0
Are You Paying Down Experience Debt? - CMO Today. -,0
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via,0
“I’d like women, especially ones of a certain age, to be influenced by Moira’s wonderfully daring sense of fashion,” Catherine O’Hara says of her quirky creation Moira Rose on TV comedy “Schitt’s Creek.” “Don’t be afraid to wear wigs.”,0
If you’re wondering what to do with that old fur in your closet, consider donating it to a wildlife rescue or sanctuary. They use them for animal bedding. Such a wonderful way to turn an outdated and ugly fashion statement into something really beautiful.,0
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via,0
As dairy farmers struggle, a proposed Dean-DFA merger raises concerns. "Absorbing Dean’s operations could give DFA more than 60% share of fluid-milk sales in upper Midwestern markets like Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa...",0
Fiction: Sam Sacks on “Hitting a Straight Lick With a Crooked Stick” by Zora Neale Hurston. via,0
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report.,0
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same,0
USD #LIBOR alternative #SOFR, grows in derivatives markets via The Wall Street Journal ($) &lt; Silent on growth in cash markets (loans, etc.),0
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same,0
Professor Sigal Barsade spoke with 's @RachelFeintzeig about why younger #workers are feeling lonelier at the #office than their older counterparts,0
Indexed universal life is a hot topic right now. Some wonder if it is too good to be true!,0
Gold Stays Steady as Coronavirus Fears Linger,0
The bit about "what a Trump second term would be like without a GOP House or Senate" sounds fine, good even. via,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
In Flagrante Delecto: Mitt Romney Is Latest Unmasked Internet Lurker -,0
: After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth,0
@CBHessick And even reported that the second point the defense is making was false too.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors via #latency #arbitrage,0
#Grocers offering online orders are testing automated micro-fulfillment systems that can fulfill 4000 orders per week while occupying little space,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - via ⁦,0
Romney and Bolton should get together and console themselves and trade notes on how they can get back at Trump for humiliating and rejecting them.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Get on the train. Food and beverage is the fastest-growing U.S. Ecommerce segment, with an estimated $22.63 billion in sales last year and projected to nearly double by 2022, to $40.04 billion. #ecommerce #nctech RapidOps, Inc.,0
. What a novel idea. Make it Agenda Item #1, alongside joining civilized society. #WuhanCoronavirus #coronarvirues .,0
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Formerly incarcerated men and women make up about 80% of the workforce at Nehemiah Manufacturing. There’s a lawyer on call, and a social services expert, to provide support for employees who face obstacles beyond the workplace. More at :,0
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet,0
Grocery store pharmacies are struggling via #Rx #pharma,0
Concerns About Cloud Security Prompt More Scrutiny from Financial Regulators via @CFOJournal,0
Congratulations to The Boeing Company in taking to the skies with the world’s largest twin-engine plane, the 777X. JBT is excited to be a part of this momentous event and providing excellent ability to tow the Boeing 777X with the B950.,0
Check out the article on #BankStreet’s new research – “The Bank Street report urges public-private partnerships in cities and states to develop pilot projects for strengthening the caregiver workforce.” #LearningStartsAtBirth #ECE #ChildCare,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the #USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via,0
Central Banks Warm to Issuing Digital Currencies One in 10 central banks surveyed says it is likely to roll out digital currencies within three years,0
"South Jersey Republicans will have their say in the June 2 primary. This race represents a fundamental divide of the times—a conservative versus a liberal, the people versus the powerful. This seat doesn’t belong to Mr. Van Drew; it’s the people’s seat.",0
The new Kia Telluride SUV’s tech buffet includes Apply Carplay, a cabin intercom and six USB ports—that oughta keep the kids quiet for a while,0
A courageous story in a fight that never goes away and hampers our lovely Italy,0
Nike’s website sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise in the wake of the basketball superstar’s sudden death, the sportswear giant said, rebutting media reports it had pulled the products,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus -,0
“[T]he ball is in Congress’s court to act before U.S. innovation falls too far behind those nations that have IP systems equipped for the 21st century.” – Judge Paul Michel and @TheRealMattDowd in . #PatentsMatter,0
"Individual taxpayers are half as likely to get audited as they were in 2010, after tax enforcement by the IRS fell to the lowest level in at least four decades.” = result of repeated IRS budget cuts. @RichardRubinDC,0
Some GOP senators suggest making the manuscript of Bolton's forthcoming book available in a classified setting ahead of a Senate impeachment vote.,0
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
Another great @wjmcgurn column. It ends: "But sneering hashtags, 'Saturday Night Live' skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them.",0
Outbreak Tests Faith in Global Economy,0
Here’s a mind blowing prediction: “Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective.”,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via,0
@realDonaldTrump The Fed is already propping up the Trump economy with massive cash infusions.,0
We should absolutely hear from John Bolton as a witness during this impeachment trial.,0
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly,0
“For two years, Reid hired Chris Ault, the progenitor of the “Pistol” offense at the University of Nevada, far beyond the NFL’s mainstream, to consult with his team.”,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via,0
It’s long past time to tackle Asia’s wild-animal markets, for the sake of the species being drained from habitats around the globe, and for our own. #ChinaVirus #WetMarkets #WuhanCoronavirus #Wildlifetrafficking #Wildlife #Asia #China,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
The print-machine is always on folks. Get some Cryptocurrencies. $BTC $ETH $BOLT $BNB $ZIL $MATIC #Crypto #Blockchain,0
“We’re a 25-year-old company going through a major shift in some of our products and services, so we're looking for younger workers to help with that,” - Vincent Dawkins, @enertiasoftware #onthepath #enrichinglives #itcareers #techtalent,0
NEW: Nike says it sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise, clarifying that it didn’t remove the products or ask retailers to send them back.,0
#Chinese President #XiJinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of #coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men. TURMOIL AT THE TOP? #HongKong #Xinjiang #Econ ⁦@judeblanchette⁩ ⁦@mcgregorrichard⁩,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via for sure it's become shop a judge to get what you want. Looks like the Dems favorite path just was avalanched. That's why they fear trump besides the corruption!,0
This article strongly captures my feelings towards #KobeByrant. He's my generation's MJ. "They marveled at him on television[,] pretended to be him in their driveways[,] wanted to be him when they were kids and be around him when they grew up." #RIPMamba,0
@realDailyWire yep. And that trend will continue unless ANY one of the Dem candidates are elected.,0
@sensitiveuser_ @JoeMPrz1 @sharxie_ @BernieSanders Not nearly as simple as you'd like to believe: Besides, that is one billionaire. It doesn't represent all and doesnt refute that they pay the vast majority of taxes.,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
Is­raeli Prime Min­is­ter Ben­jamin #Ne­tanyahu has pledged that Is­rael will an­nex much of the Jor­dan Val­ley—a por­tion of the #WestBank bor­der­ing the coun­try of Jor­dan—in ef­fect #en­cir­cling any po­ten­tial fu­ture #Pales­tin­ian state.,0
The Vanishing Executive Assistant -,0
Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the Wuhan virus, as it was for SARS in 2003. via,0
The company taking a data-driven approach to preventing bribery and corruption isn’t part of the tech sector. In fact, its product predates the wheel. via,0
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines,0
In trying to paint Mitch McConnell as evil, they are inadvertently portraying him as an evil genius.,0
: bd754097-5a06-4808-9cfb-d5064888431f,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
U.S. Signals Crackdown on Counterfeit Goods Sold Online -,0
We later published many papers and popular science articles, urging everyone to stop eating wild animals and not to have too close contact with wild animals.” Seventeen years on, that message is finally being heard by those in a position to take action. v,0
Martin Indyk, fellow at Council on Foreign Relations and Middle East expert says: Middle East waste of time; and Israel can handle itself w/o USA. BIG, and WELCOME CHANGE.,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
"In addition to his new [$4.35 million] Washington [mansion], Rattner owns an apartment on Fifth Avenue across from the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a horse farm in North Salem, N.Y., and a summer home in Martha's Vineyard, Mass.",0
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs - #GoogleAlerts,0
Wall St: The Volcker Rule's proprietary trading restriction is too complex, we need simplification! Also Wall St: The Volcker Rule's covered funds restriction is too simple, we need a complex set of carveouts! Ease of evasion is the guiding principle.,0
The John Bolton Report - #GoogleAlerts,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via,0
@hunter_penn_h In Saudi Arabia, Twitter Has Become a Tool to Crack Down on Dissent,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
, 2009: "Rattner, was one of the [Obama] administration's wealthiest officials. His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million.",0
European Banking Regulator Encourages Mergers to Boost Profits -,0
Exclusive: TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm,0
America’s cold snap couldn’t keep natural gas prices from plunging. Via #WhatsNow,0
If Bolton testifies he will find that being cross examined will no be the press event he and his publishers are hoping for. As for Romney, Sen. Loeffler was right to call him out as a turncoat.,0
Right... Give the Israelis free reign... 😖😖😖,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers,0
Renault is planning to name former Volkswagen executive Luca de Meo as its chief executive at an extraordinary board meeting this week via,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
J&amp;J had tried to keep its CEO from testifying, arguing that Alex Gorsky had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders via,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via #PeasePlan #MiddleEast #Palestine #FreePalestine #Trump,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via,0
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm via ⁦@lizrhoffman⁩ ⁦@miriamgottfried⁩ ⁦⁩,0
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 as of Friday were seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest forecast since 3Q 2017 via,0
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December,0
Just want to say that I appreciated all of @trippmickle’s classic rock references in his latest piece on Apple. You can’t always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you get what you need.,0
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via,0
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets,0
AirPods take over the playground.,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - Beautiful,0
Not enough #AI talent? Companies that re-skill workers see much bigger impact from AI efforts than those that don't.,0
#Wuhan’s mayor says #Xi partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency. #Xi sends Premier #LiKeqiang to #Wuhan to take flack. Turmoil at top. ⁦@GordonGChang⁩ ⁦@mikepillsbury⁩ #Econ, #HongKong #Xinjiang #Churches,0
#Podcast Tech Podcasts @SebasAHerrera talks to @KateriJochum on why tech leaders are saying they want more rules 1/3,0
TPG in Talks to Reduce Stake in $32 Billion Credit-Investing Arm,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
@GJasienska USA just enacted income based limitations on immigration. via,0
@nytimes @RFI_TradCn Chinese Conglomerate’s Debt Crisis Deepens; Bonds Plunge China Minsheng Investment Group’s looming default marks one of the biggest Chinese defaults on a U.S. dollar bond this year 2019.7.20,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Grocery Pharmacy Woes. #healthcare #career #employment #resumewriter #careercoach #ConfidentCareerMoves,0
From opinion: Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board,0
As #BigTobacco aggressively markets to recruit replacement smokers, we're thrilled to see schools stand up to #keeplungsloud. #mnleg, it's time to pass a comprehensive #Tobacco21 policy to protect our youth! 🚭⚖️,0
American AI startups still account for the lion's share of venture-capital deals, but their proportion is slipping,0
Isn't it time to hear the voices of MDs and other clinicians in this #physicianburnout discussion? Feedback we all should read from the story on burnout.,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues...: Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... (Third column, 5th story, link) --- Related stories: 'Oh my God, Sanders can win'... Celeb star-power fuels final Iowa sprint... POLL: NH BERNS! Uproar over DNC convention…,0
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus,0
Durable goods orders surged a strong 2.4% in December, but capital goods investment were down when defense and aircraft were stripped out. via,0
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm, effectively parting ways after a decade,0
This will make it easier for Germany to follow suit.,0
NATO Aims to Add Personnel to Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting ISIS Proposal follows calls from Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via,0
What to Know About the Health Impact of Australia's Wildfires #climatechange #healthcare,0
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via,0
The micro fulfillment center is a trend I'm watching closely. These will completely change the way we view on-demand e-comm. How quickly will retail adopt? Will smaller companies turn to a local 3pl or new micro fulfillment? #SupplyChain #logistics,0
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via @Annaisaac,0
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find,0
@pump0666 @dvillella @SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump This is not a criminal trial.,0
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via @Annaisaac,0
Founder of #insys Therapeutics sentenced. @contrarydomino #erm #businessethics #revenuerisk,0
The pressure on pharmacy seems to continue to grow, and yet as patients we'd be lost without it. Sadly, like any business it's about the revenue generation and profitability and with so many players within the market place, phar…,0
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Fund managers have been stung by commodities lately,0
markets: The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts,0
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via,0
NEW: TPG in Talks to Reduce Stake in $32 Billion Credit-Investing Arm w/ @lizrhoffman,0
For Romney to take anything the NYT prints at face value, just shows how petty he is because Trump did what he couldn’t.,0
Political campaigns aren’t very effective 1,0
That quote, by the way, is taken from this piece—we’re also featured! Thanks to @tylergabriel_ for talking to us on the upcoming rezoning,0
Just be honest then nobody is thrown under the bus! Democrats ‘threw Joe Biden under the bus’: Senate Republicans say the impeachment efforts have hurt his 2020 bid via,0
Congrats to Delphi shareholders...an unexpected! For $BWA shareholders....way to step up and pay a 17x in the face of slowing automotive mkt.,0
"@McDonalds Looks to Step Up #Chicken Offerings at #Breakfast,",0
CIOs need to brush up on business skills for the next generation of CEOs,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via,0
I regret to inform you that this is smart. Trump consolidated the national conservative media pretty quickly, but local papers were generally more honesty about his perfidy in 2016.,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
@Donz0 @GOPLeader Laughable. Obama's own SD, among others raised concerns. "Fire the prosecutor or you won't get the money" Obvious QPQ w/Biden. Trump had every right to vett the situation. Released aid early + Military aid. Impeachment is a total scam. #FakeImpeachment,0
New York Imposes $10 Million Tax Bill on Connecticut-based Hedge-Fund Manager. Assessment was largest deficiency imposed in decades on taxpayer found to be a ‘statutory resident’ of New York state, while living elsewhere. via,0
It’s exactly what lunch should look like.,0
TPG In Talks To Reduce Stake In $32 Bln Credit-Investing Arm -,0
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via,0
14. And to me, that means, No. 1, hear the case, not dismiss it summarily; No. 2, ask our questions; and No. 3, be guaranteed a right to vote on whether we need additional information such as documents or witnesses.”,0
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ via,0
#TRUMP_ADMINISTRATION gets a boost for its #IMMIGRATION_POLICY from the #SUPREME_COURT.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via,0
Rally in #DesMoines Thursday: Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at #Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting. #iacaucus #Trump2020,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
A sense of emptiness. A need to hide their true selves. Younger workers feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
@BorgWarner to buy @delphitech in $3.3 billion deal -,0
We talked to actress Rose Byrne about some of her favorite things: "In the back, my parents’ wedding photo breaks my heart. My mom was 23 and my dad was 25. I love their goofiness.",0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Cybersecurity Work’s Risks, Stressors Under Scrutiny #cybersecurity #business #bigdata #redteam via @knash99,0
Maker of Hit Podcast ‘Serial’ Explores Sale,0
Daniel Akst reviews “Friendship” by @LydiaDenworth via,0
@AndrewPollackFL @abitx2u @realDonaldTrump That’s your ageism bias. American politics has always been a bare knuckled event.,0
Greatest economy ever 3M Cuts More Jobs as U.S. Demand Falls,0
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - (Yea, and kissing a man on national TV didn’t help him either.),0
Love to see a luxury brand creating reusable packaging for a product accessible to a wider audience - does double duty @JCopestakeEY | Hermès is leaping into makeup for the first time in its 183-year history, with lipstick colors drawn from their archive,0
Peace plan without the Palestianians at the table = more of the same.,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, in the latest sign the home-sales market is picking up steam after a slow start to 2019.,0
In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton.,0
“You can make more as a dog walker in New York City than as an infant-toddler caregiver […] it’s scary.”,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
A trove of government data offers a granular look at the financial health of the nation’s college graduates (and shows which college degrees are instantly paying off).,0
Poorer #Bangladesh Outpaces #India on Human-Development Indicators. Indian society is intolerant &amp; heading towards fascism under the leadership of fascist Indian regime via,0
The Trump campaign's push for attention from local media reveals a strategic goal: to shift focus of coverage in as many places as possible away from events dominating national media, like the impeachment trial,0
Quench Bio has raised $50 million in Series A financing to develop drugs for inflammation based on a recently identified drug target,0
Biographer @ScottEyman1 on the legendary salon of emigré Austrian screenwriter Salka Viertel: ‘The Sun and Her Stars’ Review: Weimar in Hollywood,0
@thetslayton22 @ABC @FiveThirtyEight No, ~50% in favor of removal is the result of multiple polls recently (including another 538 poll):,0
"The @realDonaldTrump administration, confident @NicolasMaduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions." The administration didn't know #Russia seeks to thwart nearly all #US foreign policy objectives?,0
"The enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of health is one of the fundamental rights of every human being without distinction of race, religion, political belief, economic or social condition." GREAT BUT IRONICALLY #WHO @WHO #WuhanCoronovirus,0
Today, @realDonaldTrump will release his Middle East peace plan. I look forward to reviewing it, and I commend the president for working on a path toward peace in a region of the world with a long history of conflict.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - - via @shareaholic,0
Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned "Discussions with CEOs and executives from the U.S. and Europe at the World Economic Forum in Davos last week showed great confidence that Mr. Trump will win.",0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via,0
Wall Street by the Charts: Fund managers have been stung by commodities lately,0
Selling your home? Well listen up, Curb Appeal counts &amp; there’s a new algorithm helping researchers determine just how much it adds to a property’s value. #RealEstate #HomeSales ⁦@DouglasElliman⁩,0
: f7409cf3-d3fe-492c-b6a4-92959b45d846,0
This is so very cool! She’s 75, and a Step Ahead of Her Competition -,0
Companies are sweetening perks to land tech workers, including a $250,000 signing bonus for an executive role #IT via,0
U.K. Allows ⁦@Huawei⁩ to Build Parts of #5G Network, Defying ⁦@POTUS⁩ - via ⁦⁩ $,0
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game,0
Very interesting, helpful article fm on #Coronavirus. It is less deadly than SARS, has not mutated, is likely contagious before symptomatic +attacks the lower respiratory system making it particularly tough for old+immune compromised. Much good info.,0
The Koch Brothers Are Sitting on a Real Estate Empire Worth Hundreds of Millions. #CRE #Investment #RealEstate,0
Not a pretty picture.,0
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns via,0
Goodwill Sparks Deep Division, at Least on Balance Sheets #LeaseAccounting,0
Mitch is a Master ....,0
Growing at maximum speed is now 'less of a thing.' #entrepreneurs #startups,0
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science "I don’t expect such analyses will be free of controversy.",0
How to make your job application robot proof! "Job seekers often spend hours online researching employers and polishing their applications and résumés. Then they hit send. And they hear nothing. Ever." #hiring #recruitment #resumes #employers,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains has closed 33 locations and laid off about 1,100 employees,0
The harrowing details on the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant by by @bzcohen and @ailworth,0
Bolton should be prosecuted for disclosing privileged information and the NSC employees at the WH should be fired and replaced for leaking Boltons Book manuscript Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports -,0
A milk merger ain’t a light matter-DOJ sniffing around ⁦@jacobbunge⁩,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay IS TRUMP==CDC PREPARED TO ISOLATE THEM FOR OVER 2 WEEKS???? OR JUST RELEASE THEM TO INFECT AMERICA???? OR DID HE THINK????,0
Good morning Twitter! Your Tuesday #InspirationalQuotes comes from Coach @monicaaldama (she’s the Coach of @NavarroCollege Cheer team) “[l]eave it on the mat. Take everything you have and give it all in that one moment.” Article written by @mylestanzer,0
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis,0
Oh please. It's exactly why dictators have #2s: to blame when things go pear-shaped.,0
The Standards of Life in ‘Elderhood’ Life expectancy increased more than 30 years in the last 100 years By Joseph Epstein – The Wall Street Journal,0
Some Iowa voters are expressing anxiety about making sure they pick a nominee who could unseat Donald Trump,0
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via,0
But how's the N95 mask division?,0
Mortgage Rates Have Fueled Lending Most Since Lending Crisis.,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
@sfurey They take info from 3rd party apps too... and now this!,0
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid #witnesses,0
New FOMC rate setting panel members likely signal increased consensus toward steady or decreasing targets for the prime rate. This could bode well for investments in #equipment and other #assets in #manufacturing and #supplychain management.,0
Novel coronavirus appears to be less deadly than SARS, which erupted in China in 2002 and spread globally in 2003. SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new coronavirus have died,0
We were talking about this concept in class yesterday #BAN364 #RAE400. More from the brand perspective here: #campaigns #advertising #socialmedia,0
Maybe it’s just been overtaken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main narrative is not one of American decline.,0
@PaHouseDems @RepPattyKim @GovernorTomWolf @SenTartaglione @SenatorHaywood So quit taxing out of our homes and state. #LowerTheTaxes,0
National Democrats made the conscious decision to sacrifice the presidential candidacy of Joe Biden when they first introduced their Articles of Impeachment. "Democrats ‘threw Joe Biden under the bus’" via,0
Interesting developments.,0
What’s normal? Our body temperature seems to be dropping.,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus #BioTech #Coronavirus,0
After WeWork, #RealEstate #Tech #Startups Rethink Pursuit of “Fast” Growth. #PropTech raised $31.56 Billion in equity &amp; debt, a more than 3x increase since 2018.,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent COMMUNISM KILLS! By merely deleting words of warning on Social Media. An inhumane system to stamp out!,0
“Never before have we said, you have to be comfortably middle class before you come to America. That's what we're saying now." @doug_rand,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts - The Wall Street Journal. -,0
@WillDarrell @Liz_Cheney @_Mississipp1_ @RepAdamSchiff Wrong. The Aid was delivered LONG before the "Legally Defined Date to send the aid" Now Google what Obama gave as aid? Blankets &amp; MREs,0
New from me: the growing coronavirus outbreak will test investors' faith in bets that the global economy will pick up this year.,0
Pretty cool seeing my all time fave band profiled in the . I think the headline is misleading but good read nonetheless. via,0
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay,0
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via,0
FFL Partners is putting discount eyewear retailer Eyemart Express on the block,0
Detroit is on a path to becoming a hub of future #automotive technology. #GM ’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the #Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory - via,0
@nanwhaley Looks like Pete is done. Plus, accused by own staff of lack of diversity. Why would support a guy like this?,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus -,0
With minority government, Trudeau will have to resort to deal-making to pass USMCA and ensure its enforcement. @wsj,0
“The administration is counting on fear to amplify the damage [to #immigrant families],” said @CLASPOlivia. #ProtectFamilies #PublicCharge #SCOTUS via @MHackman @brkend,0
@WillDarrell @_Mississipp1_ @Liz_Cheney @RepAdamSchiff Take time to read through our time line and research the facts on your own...you will see you are being lied to,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts,0
@xeni Because the whole "Russia conspiracy" tied to Bernie is cooked up to tell marginalized communities their lives should not get better, while both the US and Russia constantly interfere in the political affairs of other countries. Flashback to 2012:,0
Lynda Spiegel on "Why Job Seekers Should Use First-Person Résumés" #curate #packs,0
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
3M Cuts More Jobs as U.S. Demand Falls,0
@WillDarrell @_Mississipp1_ @Liz_Cheney @RepAdamSchiff And Biden implicates Obama in his scheme,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Users of social media in China have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state.,0
Hong Kong is cutting back heavily on travel via road, rail and ferry links between the city and mainland China in some of the most extreme curbs on travel it has ever taken. w/ @joyuwang,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts,0
@Alain_Deckers @hhesterm @MerliAless @NvOndarza Can't forget this from @TomFairless's article from Nov. 2016: "The registration web page for one recent corporate reception offered the choice of 35 titles, including “Prof. Dr. Dr.h.c.P.”,0
markets: Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned,0
markets: U.S. stocks opened higher as investors parsed efforts worldwide to contain a deadly virus outbreak in China.,0
markets: Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims,0
@GranadosCeja She’s calling him an “unelected figure.” The national assembly is legitimately elected, which is why Maduro is moving against it – that and he wants to bring in foreigners to run the oil industry #cdnpoli,0
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future,0
FICO Changes Could Lower Your Credit Score,0
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via,0
The SEC has identified somes strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch,0
Some TikTok users told us their political posts get more attention than their non-political posts, and the app has seen a rise in 2020-related videos. Now, experts fear TikTok could have problems w misinformation &amp; disinformation ahead of the election.,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
Sydney-based software maker Atlassian set a goal of running all its direct operations, primarily buildings, on 100% renewable energy by 2025,0
Former band geeks now in the workplace. My heart:,0
"Black Wave: Saudi Arabia, Iran, and the Forty-Year Rivalry That Unraveled Culture, Religion, and Collective Memory in the Middle East by Kim Ghattas reviewed in,0
#climatechange could cause the next major #financialcrisis, and the financial system is unprepared to respond, says the Bank for International Settlements. via @deloittecfo,0
Could it be that @taylorswift13 is now fighting for relevance?,0
"NYC Trash Hauler Makes Big Bet to Keep on Trucking" GREAT STORY ABOUT A REAL NEW YORKER!,0
The Tax Increases to Come, by Candidate via,0
Can Hydrogen Fuel the World's Fast-Growing Energy Needs?,0
Trump is set to un­veil his vi­sion of peace in the Mid­dle East, pre­sent­ing a plan at the White House with Is­rael’s prime min­is­ter at his side but with­out the Pales­tini­ans in at­ten­dance.,0
The SEC has identified some strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. The new world is emerging while we're playing God in the Middle East.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel,0
@RadioFreeTom is it?,0
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - The Wall Street Journal,0
My teen asked for wireless buds for Christmas. I gave it a 100% chance of loss within first six weeks. This is a good buy when he has his first summer job.,0
@ejthies15 @CDCgov Emily: doctors in China are trying out some antivirals on hospitalized patientsto see if they seem to help. Plz see my profile page for additional information resources.,0
Stock Mkt sometimes feels like an anxious, annoying 4-yr old always asking the #Fed what's next. Jay. and Co. should ignore the thing and focus on its older, more mature brother - the #real #economy.,0
Her tunes are catchy, for sure, but are they award-worthy? “She’s . . . exactly the type of thing Grammy voters want to hoist up to make themselves look smart, relevant, and up-to-date.” via,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.,0
.@kslaw partner Sarah Borders explained to Pro Bankruptcy why the number of #restructurings of U.S. companies completed last year jumped compared to 2018.,0
As bond yields in developed economies have touched record lows, investor demand for higher-yield assets has risen, helping to support demand for the flood of bond issuance @emsovdebt @RencapMan @hofrench,0
Quench Bio to Tackle Inflammatory Diseases With $50 Million #biotech #startups via VC,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Via ⁦@KonradPutzier⁩ ⁦⁩ #cre #realestate #proptech,0
Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond from the region. The country is canvassing investors this week to gauge interest in a $1 billion of bonds, according to a person familiar with the sale. @emsovdebt @RencapMan,0
Kaiser Permanente Bets on Smartwatches to Lower Costs @cardskrish @ajaysmd @medtmaddox @movinganalytics via,0
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus - #MARGAUXMONET,0
Zambia’s dollar bonds due in 2027, yield more than 17%, up from around 9% when issued, according to FactSet. The country has entered into talks with China about how to renegotiate the terms of bilateral debts. @emsovdebt @RencapMan,0
#NewJersey Economic Development Authority, unlike other EDAs, is incentivized to grant more business tax credits. Thus, the lack of diligence and wonton doling of unjustified tax credits,0
Kobe Bryant Was Michael Jordan for Today’s NBA Players - #DRJAMESKEOUGH #KobeBryant #KobeBryantRIP #KobeHero,0
Many smaller mining companies are hibernating to survive their industry’s downturn via,0
China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @bobdavis187,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
.@Starbucks recently joined in an effort to limit its environmental impact by cutting its water use &amp; reducing trash sent to landfills in the next decade. The company has plans to use more reusable coffee cups &amp; revise its menu. Learn more:,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽,0
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal,0
As @Tesla #shares surge, #investor strategies are diverging bigtime: some are urgently buying in, but others continue to bet against the stock, with Tesla currently being one the market's biggest shorts. See what #analysts have to say about the future,0
The John Bolton Report - If he has any honor he will do this.,0
Deloitte Global CEO Punit Renjen: Social Progress Needs Business Leadership #socialprogress #leadership Risk,0
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade - #DRJAMESKEOUGH #CHINA #CoronaOutbreak #coronarvirus,0
The 20th-century cancer crisis in the US was highly gendered. It was due to a surge in male mortality above all due to lung cancer. @Brabbott42,0
Politics Newsletter: The White House confronts a big impeachment X factor, new details about Trump's Middle East peace plan, and Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus",0
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet -,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump -,0
#KobeBryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career - #MONETCAPITALFUNDING,0
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly,0
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes.” A 75-year-old runner is taking the stairs and racing up the Eiffel Tower. And she says it’s no big deal.,0
Health Systems Look to AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT,0
Very interesting 👍👍👍 ⁦@RomanWenzl⁩ ⁦@MarkusGuerne⁩ ⁦@walt_schoenthal⁩,0
Sometimes the best management is no management at all.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Our #library serves grad students too! Here's this morning's recommended read: article by @lesliebrody explores new @bankstreetedu report “Investing in the Birth-to-Three Workforce” #LearningStartsAtBirth @CarnegieCorp,0
#Venezuela Did Trump let Putin win?,0
Not so easy, is it?,0
#Dairy Already reeling. Now a federal probe $DFOD,0
Ties Between Jews, Democratic Party Face New Pressures -,0
Oil, Copper Drop on Coronavirus Fears @davidhodari,0
Professor @bwerde is quoted in this article about the public dispute between the Recording Academy and CEO Deborah Dugan. “The Grammys are facing a credibility crisis,” Werde says. via,0
Should anyone trust any plan made by Trump and his henchmen?,0
: bdd75386-71ed-4663-bfa2-501b93031d6e,0
Great to see @MELLODDY_IMI elevated in @Bayer's #federatedlearning initiatives! We're delighted to be a part of this project! #machinelearning #drugdiscovery,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
@Lrihendry No, he didn't release the $$ until the whistleblower came forward, which exposed his scheme...,0
: 6dab09fd-785a-455b-9bdd-5d04666c288c,0
The Last Flight of #KobeBryant Bryant’s Life - #DRJAMESKEOUGH,0
MX neoliberals have not yet asked themselves: What did WE do wrong?,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump,0
#HFT costs to regular investors back in the news. Cue up #IEX and Brad Katsuyama,0
Europe Girds for Trade Battle With U.S.,0
: c4be1f66-9cf5-4169-a3db-b99ae3ea9925,0
For Modern Business, Only Modern Solutions Can Keep Up. How can harnessing #machinelearning and #AI move planning from a reactive stance to a predictive one? Find out via : @AdaptiveInsight @wdayFinancetalk #plantowin #Finance,0
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism - We should watch from afar.,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.: #Fed #MonetaryPolicy #FOMC #repos #liquidity,0
Stay tuned for my forthcoming report for @OAS_official on Dismantling the Authoritarian-Corruption Nexus in #Venezuela. Free countries cannot outspend the nexus, so the winning strategy is to outsmart them. Great reporting ht @IanTalley et al in the .,0
What an absolute shame what is going on in Venezuela. Russia is all over the place on this one. via,0
Iowa vot­ers are ex­pressing anx­i­ety about mak­ing sure they pick a nom­i­nee who could un­seat Mr. Trump, so Democrats are addressing those concerns head on in their closing arguments, ⁦@joshjame⁩ ⁦@elizacollins1⁩ report,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned,0
Francisco Partners, Hg to raise new technology-focused private-equity funds via,0
Former Australian PM Tony Abbott on Pres Trump: “Maybe it’s just been overtaken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main narrative is not one of American decline.”,0
@Wurpy89 Unfortunately,,0
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via ·Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit" Payout for our customer´s interest,0
To leave or not to leave. The internal US debate about its role in the Middle East: From @Martin_Indyk From @FishereEzzedine,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts,0
Trump administration has lined up tentative support from at least some Arab states, people familiar with the matter say.,0
@stephenfhayes Who cares? SCHUMER practically handed Ukraine/Crimea to Russia in his op-ed. THEN OBAMA was president when Russia accepted the offer and invaded!,0
Was Jeff Bezos' phone hacked? Did the Saudis do it? How is it related to his divorce, if at all? Listen to @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf discuss what we know and don't know about this story.,0
IF regulators truly wanted to reduce latency arbitrage, the solution is simple: Mandate ALL exchanges (Lit, Dark, Futures, Options, etc) to one geographic area / co-lo. That would eliminate the speed advantage. #HFT #Latency #wsj,0
More with less: @Target has about 4,000 #IT employees, down from roughly 10,000 before Michael McNamara became #CIO in 2015 - via,0
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - The Wall Street Journal: * Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions  The Wall Street Journal * 5-4 Supreme Court allows rule to take effect that could reshape legal immigration  CNN * Ocasio-Cortez Condemns Trump's…,0
Reading this article about rezonings stalling across the city, it's hard not to get depressed. The community leaders and council members in Bushwick are fighting a losing fight, because blocking development isn't going to stop gentrification.,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
Interesting new book on rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia....Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas via,0
.@Joe_Nye weighs in on the "Five Best" presidents that embody morality in foreign policy from FDR to Trump.,0
Natural-Gas Prices Fall Below $2,0
I'm definitely not eating any chicken sandwiches for breakfast, but someone is! @McDonaldsCorp is testing whether that will fly in its U.S. restaurants,0
BorgWarner agreed to buy Delphi Technologies in an all-stock transaction that values Delphi at about $3.3 billion and would combine two major auto-parts makers.,0
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups.,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via,0
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. via,0
@JamalCreates @Blake_excel @Leaux504 Sis, Europe had bathing since before Rome, and today they are the healthiest least diseased people on Earth while America is ridden with obesity, disease, and literally has some of the dirtiest most feces ridden cities in the world.,0
What the piece fails to state is that McConnell, in his current position, holds the reins high and already announced to work closely with the WH. So much for the impartial arbiter. He didn't “outfox” anyone, he just carries the whole process off as long,0
I’ve got nothing against any of the good boys out there... But it should not be more lucrative to watch someone’s dog than it is to watch their child.,0
From announcing he would put his son-in-law in charge of the effort to inviting Netanyahu and Gantz to discuss the plan, see key dates in the three-year evolution of Trump's Mideast peace plan,0
The U.K. will allow Huawei to build parts of the country’s next-generation 5G network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration for a boycott over security fears.,0
“The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. “,0
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the #NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the #Chiefs embraced its principles and are now in the #Superbowl! via,0
@ZaslowShow Zas I think you may like this article,0
I will take all the vintage fur coats. Mail them to me. via,0
This will keep the Fed on pause mode for a little while longer: New orders for nondefense capital goods excluding aircraft—or so-called core capital goods orders—decreased 0.9% in December from the previous month via,0
: AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set,0
Impeachment Trial Ramps Up Political Spending via @Yahoo,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
"His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million. In addition to his new Washington manse, Rattner owns an apartment on Fifth Avenue... a horse farm in North Salem, N.Y., and a summer home in Martha’s Vineyard...",0
President Trump planned to unveil his vision of peace in the Middle East at the White House with Israel’s prime minister at his side but without the Palestinians in attendance,0
2) "When I was working in the oil business, as part of my job, I flew on helicopters over the Gulf of Mexico, in Alaska, and over the North and South China Seas. Since retiring, I do not voluntarily get into a helicopter.",0
1) "As a former naval aviator, people used to ask me what the most dangerous part of ejecting out of an airplane was. My answer - the helicopter ride back to the ship after they fished you out of the water.",0
"The decision is a major setback for American-led efforts to clamp down on the use of Huawei products, and could embolden other countries to follow the U.K.’s lead.",0
Investors will be watching Apple’s first-quarter earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus in China via,0
Shifts in pharmaceutical lot size and channel are impacting the grocery industry... via,0
Nobody wants grandma's fur coat.,0
News Exclusive | Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger,0
Everyone talks about the transformative powers of #AI, but many AI projects fail. How can we ensure AI success? This article recommends applying AI throughout your business and investing in AI talent. Learn more here: #FutureofWork,0
Read and share my op-ed in the @wsjournal today:,0
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs,0
#Fakenews. Media loves to latch on to a story &amp; repeat it at nauseum without knowing anything about the topic. Markets have been extremely bullish for a few months now. Conditions are ripe for a pullback. #retireready #financialqb #noneedtopanic,0
Relating question: Do #underarmour's Tech #Acquisitions help it to move from a clothing company to a #tech company?,0
Broadband growth fuels Comcast’s latest results @Lilliannnn,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts,0
Seems naive for the UK Gov’t to allow Huawei to work on “non-critical” infrastructure. A bit of an oxymoron when talking about wireless build outs. I think this is a bad decision that they’ll live to regret.,0
Xi Jinping built up what many consider to be the world’s most sophisticated censorship machine to control public debate. Now that system is being put to the test as authorities try to dictate the narrative around the virus outbreak. @Lingling_Wei,0
Global Supply Chains have long traded resilience for cost in China. It may be time to rethink that... via,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore -,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
The secret to Loro Piana’s exquisite yet sustainable cashmere? Join as we head to Mongolia to discover how #LoroPiana produces their first-in-class quality fabrics through sustainable practices in Custom's magnificent campaign:,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers #travel,0
#Behavioural NYC transportation watchers say the MTA is being slow and secretive in setting up a panel to determine tolls for the impending congestion charge on drivers via,0
"The Justice Department is discussing with farmers and retailers the potential impact of such a deal on milk prices and competition in the dairy business, as Dean explores asset sales after filing for bankruptcy." via #dairy #farmers #livestock,0
A return to functional institutions, from the parochial to the prestigious, at the scale of the country as a whole seems pretty impossible to me.,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
: a335617a-3554-43e5-a524-2afe3bee38c1,0
The video-sharing app TikTok, popular for its whimsical content, is getting increasingly political. ’s @shelbyholliday explains why experts fear it could give rise to misinformation.,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to keep rates low and stock market high. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program or continue indirectly buying stocks so Trump can brag. via,0
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.,0
The Tax Increases to Come via,0
"The number of union members fell by 170,000 in 2019—a year when U.S. employers added more than 2.1 million jobs—reducing the share of the workforce in labor unions to 10.3%, the lowest portion on record since 1983”,0
Sepsis, or blood poisoning, is killing one in five people globally each year, according to an analysis published in the Lancet this month,0
Mitch is in good company. They turned Cheney into the devil as well. Meanwhile, party at Weinstein's house!,0
Fascinating information here. To learn more about the history of Health Nucleus and Human Longevity, Inc. check out this review of my book IMMORTALITY,INC. for the Wall St. Journal. #immortalityinc #chipwalter #wallstjournal,0
U.S. stocks opened higher as investors parsed efforts worldwide to contain a deadly virus outbreak in China.,0
@SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump Remind him of this... in November the House decided not to subpoena Bolton.,0
Increased trading costs and "billions of dollars a year in profits for a small number of HFT firms and other parties in the speed race." This is exactly what's wrong with @SEC_News' market structure rules. It's time for a change. via @aosipovich,0
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to REIT Stocks,0
Some midcareer #doctors are willing to take a substantial pay cut to achieve better work-life balance. Results of a new survey reveal nearly half of Gen X #physicians surveyed felt burned out, citing administrative tasks as the main driver.,0
U.S. Sets Evacuation Plan From Coronavirus-Infected Wuhan The State Department is organizing a flight out of the Chinese city to extricate diplomats and a limited number of private U.S. citizens,0
Editorial: The John Bolton Report “Mr. Bolton could do it in a public statement, a TV interview, or an op-ed in this publication. Our editors are standing by.”,0
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat -,0
@PattyArquette @SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump But, but they had their chance and they decided not to.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
The Education of Raul Velez,0
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets,0
@JohnCornyn @Yahoo Any and every excuse to hide the truth. It's too long, it's too short. The House didn't go to the courts, the House is taking too long, the House didn't take long enough. Do your job John. #WitnessesAndDocuments #CoverupCornyn,0
TikTok getting increasingly political, raising concerns about misinformation. TikTok is owned by China--so is disinformation next? It's already been banned by the US Navy for security reasons.,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
Africa debt boom may store up trouble for the future via,0
Keep an eye on this #mergersandacquisitions story: Spotify is in talks to buy sports and pop-culture outlet the Ringer, as Spotify seeks to gain a stronger foothold in the podcasting world. Remember, Spotify bought Gimlet last year.,0
On-time arrivals, fewest canceled flights and lowest rate of involuntary bumping made the difference for Delta via,0
"All those rich-types in high-tax states have been pushing the federal government to raise taxes on rich-types. So it did, by reducing the SALT deduction. OK, so they got their wish... a chance to pay more taxes. And they're complaining about it?" 🙈,0
In her new book, "Touched by the Sun: My Friendship with Jackie," about her unlikely camaraderie with Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Carly Simon is chronically honest about her feelings and her experiences:,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via,0
Credit Suisse CEO says allegations are "entirely false and defamatory" #CorpGov,0
Netflix is developing a live-action series based on 'The Legend of Zelda': via,0
"In the 1950s, a mink coat was seen as being the quintessential sign of wealth and aspiration"—but times have changed,0
#Europe to Avoid Triggering Sanctions if #Iran Limits Expansion of Nuclear Work:,0
Some more here from @wsj about outperformance of #REITs &amp; other "bond proxies" in today's low-rate world. Would note this isn't a short-term thing tho. #SafeMoney strategies focused on higher-yield, lower-volatility sectors have trounced $SPX for 2 years,0
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned,0
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. via,0
Debt levels across sub-Saharan Africa (minus South Africa) have risen to ~50% of GDP with interest payments rising from $1.6bn in 2015 to $4.3bn in 2020. Yikes.,0
Because that will make things better... #coronavirus #virus #science #Healthcare #Health #worldhealth #China #Wuhan #wuhanvirus #America From Discover on Google,0
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation,0
Jailed drug-company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the FTC and the New York attorney general allege in a new lawsuit.,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via,0
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients via,0
How will your taxes increase for various Democratic candidates,0
Nothing I say of this tragedy is new or original. But it's given me comfort to share others' words. Maybe it can help someone else too. #MambaForever #KobeFarewell #824,0
The Air Raid was always defined by the oddballs behind it as much as the offense itself. Then Patrick Mahomes became its greatest prophet. Kliff Kingsbury, Mike Leach and more explain how the NFL tried to reject the Air Raid—and why now that's done.,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. An opaque autocracy doing damage to its people welfare- self serving mangers who sing &amp; dance with good news , .expect more pain / mismanagement,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows, says opinion via,0
"But sneering hashtags, “Saturday Night Live” skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them." Mitch Derangement Syndrome,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
So amazed that the Texas Medical Center Orchestra has become so big! I was a violinist in it as a 3rd &amp; 4th year med student when it first started. Best memory was having former First Lady Barbara Bush narrate as we performed “Carnival of the Animals.”,0
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets,0
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets,0
#Innovation and #NationalSecurity in the 21st Century Chalk up the #US as another incumbent in danger of #digitaldisruption, partly due to decreased #federal #RnD funding and #China’s #tech advances. #security #cyber #IT,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims,0
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet,0
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts.,0
chicken is not a breakfast food don’t @ me,0
#CreditSuisse CEO denounces blame on #Instagram. Doesn’t he know that #Twitter is the place to spread #FakeNews? $CS,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration for a boycott over security fears.,0
"'We need to stay focused on coming up with a chicken sandwich our customers are going to crave,' wrote the National Owners Association" How about knocking off the @ChickfilA spicy biscuit sandwich that was discontinued?,0
2. Luxury brands will up the in-store ante, creating real-life #retail experiences worth leaving your laptop for. 🛍️,0
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board,0
"Based on the demand impact of SARS into 2020, Goldman Sachs last week forecast a drop in daily oil demand of 260,000 barrels, including a 170,000 barrel-a-day loss of jet-fuel demand.",0
Some company got the to rent them a subfolder to host an affiliate site. "You can find the greatest promotions, sales, and discount codes from your favorite shopping destinations at The Wall Street Journal." 🤦🤦🤦,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via,0
⁦@marcorubio⁩ Your support for Putin-loving Trump is hurting Venezuela.,0
Really a GAY president. How many Generals and Admirals would follow him as commander in chief. Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via,0
Google and Amazon using their sheer monopoly to hurt smaller speaker company Sonos is yet another example of the consequences of big tech behaving badly. Luckily we have @NCAGO who has been looking into big tech.,0
@Bernie_2k20 DuckDuckGo it. Google is in their pocket. All of these articles came out the 26th - TWO DAYS AGO. They were hoping nobody would notice til after the Iowa caucus NEXT WEEK! We have to stage a run on ActBlue &amp; take our donations back to get their attention.,0
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts request for parliamentary immunity from prosecution on corruption charges,0
If copper has a PhD in inflation, the good doctor is saying we should be worried about deflation. The Daily Shot: Fund Managers Stung by Commodities via,0
"Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her.",0
UK's decision to allow Huawei to build noncritical elements of its 5G network is a reminder of the administration's isolation on this &amp; other issues. The move is a setback for Washington &amp; could impact upcoming decisions in Germany &amp; India. via,0
I gained five pounds just reading about this:,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us via,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. via,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth #Entrepreneuership #Startups,0
At this point, there is no #5G without #Huawei. Damned if do......,0
"...the population we were hiring who had criminal backgrounds were our most loyal people...When we were looking for people to work overtime, come in on Saturday or go that extra mile, it was the second-chance population that was saying, 'I'm in.'",0
High-frequency traders earn nearly $5 billion on global stock markets a year by taking advantage of slightly out-of-date prices, imposing a small but significant tax on investors.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
Sen #Schumer doesn’t want #impeachment Witnesses any more than Republicans do—cer­tainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Re­pub­licans to do the dirty work of vot­ing down wit­nesses so he can shout coverup from here to the election ~,0
This is excellent news!,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via,0
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus - The Wall Street Journal,0
‘The Elevated Eye: Aerial Photography Past and Present’ Review: The View From Above,0
In #Mississippi, the @USArmy Corps of Engineers can’t even deliver effective flood-control measures. #GovernmentFailure destroys value and stifles economic growth.,0
Su­per Bowl at­ten­dees on av­er­age are from house­holds mak­ing about $240,000 a year and are typ­i­cally a “high-end, up­per man­age­ment con­sumer.”,0
@KHefferon What's funny is that while Schreiber's article includes a biased view of #RachelCarson it links to a good piece about her by Mann in which he writes, "Much of what Carson wrote to great controversy is now conventional wisdom.",0
Lovely read, this. What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups.,0
This post will also be a multiple tweet type thing... In grad school (thank you to my fav professor Marilyn Cohen), we studied the image of the woman in the 50's/60's film and their mink/fur coats. It was such a status symbol for the American housewife...,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
"Sneering hashtags, “Saturday Night Live” skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them.",0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via,0
"[Chuck Schumer] doesn’t want witnesses any more than Republicans do—certainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Republicans to do the dirty work of voting down witnesses so he can shout coverup from here to November." via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin (TURD) Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via,0
The Fed successfully flooded markets with cash late last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide when and how to wind down the program A few considerations:,0
McDonald’s will offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits for a limited time as the chain faces intense competition at the start of the day,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
It is too late for Americans to flee Wuhan. Great chance they will spread the virus if they do.,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity -,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending,0
UK elects to let in the tech equivalent of coronavirus. via,0
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending,0
Bibi is in Washington D.C.4 republican president Donald John Trump middle East peace plan Isreal is 72 years old also in Middle East I follow elections in Isreal &amp; Iran The 2 countries are not Arabs in Middle East Iran a few centries Isreal 72 years &amp; USA,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe -,0
Affordable housing for me, not for thee,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. vía,0
You know Mitch McConnell’s in the right when Democrats cry “cover-up”, SNL comedy skits place him in hell, and lame hashtags start trending on social platforms. @WJMcgurn nails it in this week’s Main Street:,0
How Trump’s Mideast peace plan developed over the past three years,0
Tech predictions for 2020: the rise of hearables, the retreat of unicorns and the arrival (really this time!) of 5G via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. - if Vietnam can build their own .... why not UK?? via,0
@CNN THE RISE IN LABOR TAX-,0
@BernieSanders 🚨Mass Murder and Hunger🚨is All the End of the Rainbow 🌈 offers. History is Ripe with Examples. We aren’t that Special.,0
McDonald's faces intense competition at breakfast and has been looking to upgrade its chicken offerings. It's piloting breakfast chicken sandwiches. good to be back on the chicken-sandwich beat with @heatherhaddon:,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness,0
This is what @OpenNYForAll is fighting against in SoHo: “ ‘There already is lots and lots and lots of affordable housing,’ Sean Sweeney, 74, a member of the activist group SoHo Alliance, said in an interview.”,0
Refinancing Boom Fuels Mortgages to Postcrisis Record - ATM $,0
Even the relatively sympathetic reviewer sees "The Age of Entitlement" as a piece of nostalgia for the era when other races were at the bottom of the social pecking order. Richard Aldous on “The Age of Entitlement” by Christopher Caldwell.,0
@ChrisMurphyCT @nytimes Look at how the Dems pay ( will make You pay) for all their Free Stuff,0
: f8d60eb6-ad43-4b78-a0ee-0fed5521262b,0
Let's stop referring to any of the 2020 Democrats as "moderate" opinion: "They mask this revenue grab behind rhetoric about the wealthy. But now and again the mask slips, as with the proposals to raise the payroll tax on all workers.",0
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles.,0
With Federal Reserve officials likely to hold interest rates steady in coming months, the focus of their meeting this week shifts to fine-tuning their control of short-term rates.,0
Trump's impeachment defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
Big snub of US mobile-security concerns: UK says it will allow China’s Huawei to build limited parts of next-gen 5G network @maximcolch via,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
If the virus becomes a domestic threat, American public safety will depend on what hospitals do when someone unknowingly infected with the #coronavirus shows up in the emergency room. That is the lesson of SARS.,0
Detroit to remain the capital for the U.S. auto industry? in the age of @autonomousvehicles. via,0
AirPods are a hot item among the tween and under set. How young is too young for an easy-to-lose luxury good? via #AirPods,0
CBS bets big on ‘Star Trek: Picard’ to boost streaming business,0
The #robots are trying to get deeper into your grocery order. #Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers #supplychain #logistics #procurement #manufacturing,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
As the UK government approves a role for Huawei in the country's 5G network, re-upping our investigation into the Chinese company's operations across Africa.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Stocks to Watch: Caesars, Bristol-Myers, Carnival, and More,0
This is a mistake.,0
Tech Giants' New Call to Lawmakers: 'Regulate Us',0
Trump Hosts Israeli Political Rivals to Discuss a Possible Peace Plan - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity,0
Green bond market, with $59 billion in activity in 2019, poised to grow faster with electronic trading @ClimateBonds @seankidney,0
“Google is among a handful of giant technology companies that have come under a government spotlight amid rising concerns that they are using their dominance to stifle competition.”,0
Trump's impeachment defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity,0
This is a story so you'll need access, but read it and then dance! "A new study shows that chimps can move to a musical beat, suggesting that primates have danced for millions of years" #music,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. #economics #justanoldwhiteguy,0
The Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity,0
What family heirlooms were passed down to you?,0
Number of #babyboomers entering retirement is expected to grow for several years, while the number of college-bound high-school grads is projected to decline.,0
Watching this a little skeptically but hoping it’s a step in the right direction,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in #CIOJournal,0
New Jersey’s Economic Development Authority will change how the agency makes money after a state task force raised concerns about a potential conflict of interest,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly via,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future: Cheap borrowing has fueled bond issuance, but repayment deadlines in coming years are raising concerns via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
"Loans backed by retail properties accounted for only 13% of all private-label #CMBS issued in 2019, according to #Trepp. That is down from 18.6% in 2018 and 31.5% in 2013. Lenders have good reason to be cautious." Read more via @PeterGrantwsj :,0
A frankly astonishing decision by the UK. It’s telling how little success the US is having with this campaign - shows lack of credibility/regard for US &amp; amount of corrupt influence PRC wields: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
"an institution is weak not so much when the general public loses trust in it ... as when its members cease to take it seriously." Book Review: Barton Swaim on “A Time to Build” by Yuval Levin.,0
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via,0
Manufacturers Increase Perks to Get New Hires to Move -,0
Big year coming up for Sikorsky. via,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via,0
Ridiculous! How about we try to actually reform immigration policy instead of keeping everyone out?,0
PSEUDO-Gamut Alert: “The maker of every­thing from Post-it Notes to mo­lar crowns said Tues­day the cuts would be across its busi­nesses and would save the com­pany $110 mil­lion to $120 mil­lion a year..” So, what lies between Post-Its and molar crowns?,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
This is fine.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
The greatest threats to liberal democracy are internal—illiberalism, ethnic nationalism and loss of confidence, writes @BillGalston vía,0
The Impact of AI on Government—Opportunities and Challenges,0
Microsoft Raises Stakes in Corporate Climate-Pledge Race #MSFTAdvocate,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption,0
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments. Complicated by Bolton Reports President’s team expects Tuesday’s session to last for only a couple of hours.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump,0
Book Review: Joseph Epstein on “Elderhood” by Louise Aronson. "Elderhood" sounds a lot like "Being Mortal" by @atul_gawande,0
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via,0
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage,0
U.S. Durable Goods Orders New orders for transportation equipment were up 7.6%, boosted by a 168% jump in orders for defense aircraft. Meanwhile, orders for nondefense aircraft fell sharply, likely reflecting the continued fallout from #Boeing’s 737 MAX.,0
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via,0
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings,0
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal,0
3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit via,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
: 1c766b48-4f2b-4e70-812a-b8222a7be666,0
#oboeyoudidnt, best hashtag i'm going to see all day. music is good for you.,0
#NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the alliance’s mission in #Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for them to do more in the Middle East.,0
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies,0
Some incredible examples here of how the #retail experience can be enhanced with technologies such as smart displays, object-recognition software and more. Anyone seeing these or similar advancements used in stores already?,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Disney Drops ‘Fox’ From Twentieth Century Movie Studio Name - #disney,0
That would have saved me some time:,0
Late cycle,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December via &lt;-- Misleading headline for those interested in the economy.,0
Charles Murray wants to use IQ+social science to make policy...what could go wrong? @AriSchulman @AdamKeiper,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via,0
What utter nonsense is this.,0
Teaser for Adam Davidson's new book "The Passion Economy: The New Rules for Thriving in the 21st Century." How niche businesses can flourish in an economy dominated by Fortune 500 firms,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
@RonWaxman @RepJeffries @justinhendrix I guess their overwhelming evidence is not enough?,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
@Peglet13 @Cynthia34318447 @KashifNYC @JrViele @RobVTaylor @ABC Withholding aid or deferring aid does not break the law. The Prez has constitutional authority to withhold aid. And if we go by your logic why was Obama not impeached as the GAO specified he “broke the law”. #LiberalHypocrisy,0
@BurdChaz @RepJeffries They were in a hurry to rush to judgment.,0
$MMM (-1.9% pre) 3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit - MW -,0
Unfortunately not shocking based on what we've observed working with younger workers and understanding their communication styles (text not talk). reports they feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters -,0
“A dearth of com­peti­tors to Huawei also means the coun­try has few other op­tions.” When government allocation of resources makes your product indispensable.,0
India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India -,0
Link to full article:,0
We are evolved to love babies. Cooperating in their care may have been key to the evolution of human cooperation. @alisongopnik,0
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion,0
The coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland.,0
Latest from 's @NickTimiraos :The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via,0
Say goodbye to cars and welcome your SDPM (Self-Driving People-Mover) — Detroit is on a path to becoming a hub of future automotive technology — | #TechNews by @MikeColias via @PaulPage Logistics,0
A synchronized #housing slowdown is a new cloud over #global #growth via,0
Bill de Blasio has absolutely wrecked New York neighborhoods with dozens of soulless glass high-rises that have tiny rooms and block the sky and exist only to get him campaign dollars from real-estate developers. It's the worst.,0
Purdue has brought great Charter schools to South Bend and wants to do more. Mayor Pete....Silence. Doesn’t want to offend teachers unions.,0
A synchronized #housing slowdown is a new cloud over #global #growth via,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via,0
Teaser for Mark McConville's new book, "Failure to Launch: Why Your Twentysomething Hasn’t Grown Up…and What To Do About It.",0
Terrible decision @BorisJohnson. Absolutely terrible: Say goodbye to the quick U/S.-U.K. trade deal. Why make easy decisions hard, and why make obviously counter-productive choices?,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts.,0
The question is- Why are the casinos still allowed to be open? Every movie theater in China has closed but the jam packed casinos remain open. #casino,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months,0
Why 'green bonds' have such scarcity value ♻️💵 -,0
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent #Sepsis Deaths via #healthcare #TechForGood #workfaster #thankyou,0
Teaser for Hugo Mercier's new book "Not Born Yesterday: The Science of Who We Trust and What We Believe." At least $6 billion will be spent on political campaigns in the U.S. this year. But does all that money make a difference to the results?,0
This headline is fitting &amp; proper. #PublicCharge rule = "Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration" “Never before have we said, you have to be comfortably middle class before you come to America…That’s what we’re saying now.” via @brkend @MHackman,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle: Trump's attention moved elsewhere,e.g. Iran via,0
Prosecutors Have Evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer - -,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Russia, Hong Kong placing restrictions on travelers from China. The US CDC and State Dept raised travel warnings for Americans traveling to China. CDC says all “non-essential travel” to China should be postponed for the time being.,0
Today, more than ever, we need to own our careers and maximize opportunities,0
“Our infrastructure was not designed to rehabilitate. It was designed to warehouse,” says the head of Alabama’s troubled prison system. “We’re trying to update that.”,0
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion,0
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling.,0
: With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet Debate over whether central bank’s intervention led to a market rally complicates choices on how, when to wind it down,0
The influence of a handful of Obama-era Judges is about to be severely curtailed! Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
Treasury Yields Fall After Fed Decision,0
Tyson Foods, Boeing, Slack: Stocks That Defined The Week,0
Yes if: 1) You own the plane. 2) You are flying solo. Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus. Communism kills,0
: 6b3a36ad-0de0-475f-bd3f-69a4b8ebcfb8,0
When does science cross the line? #Science #DNA. Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, @charlesmurray,0
Supreme Court allows Trump rules denying immigrants residency over public assistance,0
@celiadpoon joins us in a time of high growth and is ready to be hands-on! Read more in this article: #techcompanies #leadershipteam #siliconvalley business #,0
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups.,0
Outbreak Tests Faith in Global Economy,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set,0
@RachelFeintzeig covers #loneliness in the #workplace for : #GenZ and #Millennial workers feel lonelier at work, driven in part by what they see as misalignment between their values and those of their companies.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says.,0
“They failed, and #Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via ⁦⁦@tylergabriel_⁩ , ⁦@katie_honan⁩,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
The Fed's task of reducing their interference and potentially creating a new facility draws many questions about how this will affect the future of financial markets. #Fed #Repo #Tech #GLMX #Markets @NickTimiraos,0
Harvard Professor Clayton M. Christensen Turned His Life Into a Case Study Management guru advised students to focus on creating strategies for living a good life by @JamesRHagerty in via @nytdavidbrooks,0
The John Bolton Report (Wall Street Journal),0
@goldblatchikens I didn't leave it out. The chart is from the :,0
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career -,0
“The #Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.” #rates #money #economy,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
Restoring balance. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
I can't love this company too much. A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via,0
Green-Bond Trading Is Going Electronic -,0
my brother will have some nice presents for me this yr,0
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni,0
: c6feefe9-83ea-4466-be5c-cf18b135073f,0
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead,0
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal via,0
Better: Lease accounting rules help investors see how they overvalued companies, underestimated debt. via,0
Can we just not give children earbuds of any kind? No need to encourage hearing damage at an early age.,0
Obviously vitally important to engage community stakeholders in complex and divisive policy implementations like this, but this panel is missing a mandatory seat for an expert technologist. Equally important for the success of the project.,0
McConnell AND Pelosi both deserve the same hall of shame fate! Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore Deloitte’s article. With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
"That means polygenic scores will offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what is innate and what is added by the environment." @CharlesMurray's essay in today's , adapted from his new book.,0
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution,0
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution,0
"China also has about 20% fewer physicians per capita than #Mexico and 70% fewer general practitioners than World Health Organization standards." Editors @wsj on #publichealth in #China and the #coronavirus,0
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
@danielnorwick @Morning_Joe @MSNBC It doesn’t add much to what we know about the president, but it does put Senate Republicans on the spot, writes ⁦⁩.,0
China is blatantly calling for censorship and a disturbing need to control this story. #ChinaVirusSesungguhnya #wsj #orwell,0
In markets where lawmakers are not enacting or pushing for rent rules, building prices have remained at peak levels via ⁦@PeterGrantwsj⁩, ⁦@_willparker_⁩,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. ⁦@Chandjay3⁩,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn| McGurn made a funny! But he’s wrong, again. McConnell IS EVIL.,0
"...may provide limited marginal economic benefit [ya think?!] to the country as a whole." Tru dat:,0
#Medicaldevice stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed to maintain momentum. via,0
Green-Bond Trading Is Going Electronic - Wall Street Journal,0
The curbs on travel are some of the most extreme measures ever taken, including those enacted during the worst of the severe acute respiratory syndrome epidemic in 2003. via,0
An interesting data point for the advocates and critics of unilateral US disengagement from China. As with the AIIB membership decision under the previous administration(s), not even the US' closest allies can be convinced to support its policies on CN.,0
Hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game #EconomicImpact #Miami #SuperBowl via,0
AI Helps Spot Dental Fraud. Tools help insurers analysis dental records for fraud via #AI #Fraud #Healthcare #accounting #reporting #audit,0
The Venezuelans and Maduro had 'nada' to do with it. They're starving and Putin's jerking their strings?,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Via ⁦@KonradPutzier⁩ ,,0
It doesn’t add much to what we know about the president, but it does put Senate Republicans on the spot, writes ⁦⁩.,0
Turns out perhaps Bob Simpson does not turn everything to gold.,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via ⁦⁩,0
: Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them,0
At O’Hare, can’t book a new flight, for FULL fare, on @AmericanAir at their dedicated customer assistance desk at H7. They and @UnitedAirlines continue racing to the worst possible flying experience in 2020. Hey, at least they’re consistent... @MiddleSeat,0
Gorsuch Torches 'Cosmic' Injunctions -,0
Justice Department Believes It Should Have Ended Surveillance of Trump Adviser Earlier,0
Article fails to mention that HFT are not “providing” any of the liquidity that the market is going to need in a crisis. In “the old days” specialists HAD to provide liquidity in a crisis; HFTs are cannibals.,0
Deutsche Bank Senior European Equities Banker Edward Sankey to Leave,0
The International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board has been trying to become more closely aligned with U.S.-focused standard setters. IAASB Chairman Tom Seidenstein explains how. via #internalaudit #audit #IIA #IAASB #Fraud #standards #,0
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt via ⁦@PeterGrantwsj⁩,0
#China’s #cryptocurrency will likely outflank Libra, &amp; could pave the way to a new global currency order - it’s adoption is secured in China, its challenge will be the high street bank-biased west - video by,0
China Holds Back Some Ships from Calling at Wuhan @wsj,0
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts request for parliamentary immunity from prosecution on corruption charges via,0
Are you a Democrat or a Republican? The answer depends heavily on your income, your job and your neighborhood. via,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant, his daughter and seven others have emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data,0
Will #5G Reinvent Working From Home? #Enterprise #Tech #Technology #TechTrends #EmergingTech #Innovation #Business #Cloud #FutureOfWork #TechnologyNews #DigitalTransformation,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
Airbus expected to settle FCPA case with US, UK and France.,0
3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit,0
U.S. drugmakers are shipping antiviral drugs, including HIV meds, to Chinese health authorities to see if those work against the #coronavirus @JaredSHopkins - ht @ScottGottliebMD,0
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns via #ASC842 #Accounting #leases #reporting #publiccompanies #valuation #audit,0
@RyanAFournier @realDonaldTrump Ahhh - short memories.,0
The John Bolton Report The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows. If Trump committed a crime, why didnt Bolton stay with the Trump admin? Why did Bolton wait? This is all so Bolton can sell books. The Bolton goose chase?,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades| the Kushner/trump plan favors Netyanahoo? Nooo, say it ain’t so!,0
SPYWARE SCHMIEWARE!! U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump.,0
The classic coin purse gets an update from designers such as Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs.,0
The new California labor law AB5 is causing trouble far and wide. via,0
Tiffany's, a Love Affair With the Glitterati | #fashion #tiffany #tiffany's #tiffanys #jewelry #earrings #style #stud #studded #studdedearrings #music #rnb #style #affluent #progress #class #firstclass,0
Decelerating growth remains tailwind for REITS.,0
A phenomenal #dataviz showing global economic risks. Countries hurt the most by a global #TradeWar... 1. #Luxembourg 2. #HongKong 3. #Singapore 4. #Malta 5. #Ireland via @wsj @zhu_ellie_xr @greg_ip @CBRE_EMEA @CBRESingapore @CBRE_Ireland,0
Amid economic and political uncertainty—and mixed signals on consumer sentiment—the new year finds retail CFOs exercising caution when it comes to investments and expansion. via #Retail #CFO #riskmanagement #investments #capital #accounting,0
Real-estate #startups are retreating from a growth-at-all-costs mode -,0
ELECT A DEMOCRAT - HOLD ONTO YOUR WALLET. THEY WANT TO DOUBLE YOUR TAX BURDEN. WHEN WILL ENOUGH BE ENOUGH? APPARENTLY 100% WOULD STILL NOT BE ENOUGH 5 w,0
: b4675fe2-8157-4923-ad55-10ad0bc47aeb,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via,0
⁦⁩ (aka Fox Lite) says it’s no big deal.,0
Doing Business with Myanmar will become increasingly costly to foreign investors &amp; corporations. Transporting commercial sand to Singapore for the Tatmadaw-linked Myawaddy Trading is found illegal under #US sanctions against #Myanmar. #JusticeForRohingya,0
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations via ⁦⁩,0
Great to be a part of the standardizing privacy with Microsoft, Apple, and others. At @GoBeep, we’re ready day one.,0
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand Over Next Two Years,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Can Money Markets Support Derivative Margin Calls?,0
Dear editors: Same.,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via,0
Close without CA approval!!This state is a joke. Nothing gets done. They will come around when consumers in every other state benefit from the merger. Is .@sprint a public utility,legally 🤔California Regulators a Potential Obstacle to T-Mobile, Sprint,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead,0
Martin Shkreli, Associate Tried to Block Generic Versions of Drug, Lawsuit Claims,0
Hysterical editorial and makes me think twice about reading the journal. “Trump changed his mind about the aid?” You forgot to mention AFTER HE GOT CAUGHT AND CONGRESS WAS INVESTIGATING. Paid propaganda?,0
The White House legal team plans to close out its defense of President Trump in a shortened session aimed at persuading the Senate to look past potentially incriminating disclosures,0
Upheaval in Retail World Sets Stage for Texas Foreclosure Battle -,0
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV -,0
Real-Estate Stocks Rise To New Highs,0
.@80k_0k8 - It appears that Gorsuch doesn’t understand the injunctions or the chaos that will come from not issuing them. of,0
@ryangrim : Buttigieg deputy cybersecurity chief Raul Velez Jr. “said that his experience working for Mr. Buttigieg showed him that political campaigns were toxic and populated by 'ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.'”,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
Trump's team targets Bolton’s credibility,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of #5G,0
@arjunsethi81 fitting,0
ICYMI, our partners @NehemiahMfg were featured in over the weekend for their social and commercial success as a #2ndchance employer.,0
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports -,0
.@MaximColch: UK Allows #Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump; Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite US security concerns.,0
““There are neigh­bor­hoods which don’t want poor peo­ple mov­ing in, neigh­bor­hoods that don’t want rich peo­ple mov­ing in, and neigh­bor­hoods where they don’t want any­one mov­ing in,” Mr. Weis­brod said.”,0
Stocks Climb Ahead of Central-Bank Meetings,0
Allowing Huawei, and by extension, the Chinese Communist Government, access to any part of the UK's 5G network is mistake.,0
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ via,0
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.”,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
China’s Huawei allowed to build parts of #UK’s next-generation #5G network, despite #cybersec concerns raised by US, rpts:,0
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via #3m #layoffs #restructure,0
Newmont’s push to attract more investors comes after Barrick Gold made inroads with its $6 billion acquisition $NEM $GOLD,0
‘While US quibbles over crumbs in tariffs &amp; fails to see macro global developments, UK &amp; EU cut $B deals with China.” #UKHuawei ‘China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite US security concerns,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet -,0
Why is it so hard to realize value from #AI? Why do some efforts succeed while many more fail? These organizational behaviors are key 💫 via  👉,0
New: Why growth in Sub-Saharan African debt is causing concern: via,0
Interesting study as private companies begin to assess the impact of the new lease guidance on their overall valuation. It is not too early to start having conversations with your investor group and leners regarding ASC 842's potential imact on valuati...,0
All Silicon Valley does is lie... : Tech Giants Publicly Say They Support Regulation But Privately Spend Hundreds of Millions to Stop Them #BreakUpBigTech #BreakUpBigData @ewarren @aoc $FB $GOOG GOOGL $AMZN $AAPL $VZ $ATT $CMCSA $NFLX,0
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via,0
Meanwhile @nspector4 asks about #JuanGuaido and #cdnfp: [Another Freeland foreign failure?] "#Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner, an administration official said",0
The #Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via,0
Reading this, I can’t help but think that this article and effort will serve as an introduction to a case study on failed policy response to a public health menace. Everything about this says “making it up as we go along” in a “you get one shot” situation.,0
Investors Hunger for Munis, but Issuance Is Rare,0
#Buttigieg #Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as #IowaCaucuses Approach,0
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities,0
The White House legal team plans to close out its defense of President Trump in a shortened session aimed at persuading the Senate to look past potentially incriminating disclosures,0
Energy Stocks Diverge From Oil Prices,0
Lease-Accounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says,0
It's pub day! Here's the piece I have in . Sorry about the paywall.,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
Pfizer posted $12.69 billion in fourth-quarter sales, meeting expectations of analysts,0
What do they know that we don’t? ... U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump -,0
Editorial ⁦⁩ Coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies China health is understaffed &amp; less efficient that many think China tuberculosis rate still 3 times higher than Mexico... &amp; 20% fewer physi­cians per capita than Mex­ico,0
@MsBarcaOfficial @Aleifuu @japantimes • *the link to the national stats is all in Japanese ^,0
"In large cities, affordability constraints are deterring many would-be buyers ... In theory, interest-rate cuts should spur demand for housing by making mortgages cheaper." Rates are so low by now, that further cuts won't do much, IMO.,0
6. Watch the battle between the US Commerce Department and the US Department of Defense, which currently disagree on how to approach a containment strategy for Huawei:,0
knocking it out of the park today...🤣,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network.,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth -,0
Our nation's crassly discourteous youth. Accept it with a smile and stuff it in a closet, you ingrate brats. "The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat,0
Oh no! We take my mother-in-law to Baker’s Square regularly. Would hate to see the location near us shut down.,0
New York Neighborhoods Fight New Housing, Each for Different Reasons -,0
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via And this is why stunts aren't a strategy,0
: 5fadf5d1-7feb-413f-be7b-bf91491285aa,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
Amazon &amp; Google use in-house music because they understand the power of music, yet they (along with Spotify) go to court to try to slash what they pay songwriters by 1/3. Just shameful.,0
Big Banks Ace First Round of Federal Reserve's 'Stress Tests',0
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach,0
"In 18 large economies, world-wide residential investment dropped on a year-over-year basis for four consecutive quarters through September, the longest stretch of declines since the 2008-09 crisis",0
I disliked this marketing stunt from the minute they announced it.,0
PG&amp;E Bond Prices Jump, While Shares Dip,0
Mortgage Bond That Vanished Is Back,0
not exactly a ringing endorsement: "This still isn’t close to a high crime or misdemeanor. Mr. Trump’s reckless judgment was resisted by his staff and Senators like Mr. Johnson, and the President eventually changed his mind",0
Aaaand just a day later... Here's your periodic reminder to not listen to the macro tourists or MSM with their proclivity to peddle the easy narrative...,0
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation,0
“ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.”,0
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California @Athens4Cannabis,0
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via,0
PayPal's Stock Drops After Management Move,0
The John Bolton Report,0
“The 🇬🇧 UK gov­t has given the green light for Huawei to build part of its next-generation 5G cel­lu­lar net­work, dismiss­ing calls from the Trump ad­min­is­tra­tion to boy­cott the Chi­nese tele­com-equip­ment ven­dor over se­cu­rity fears.” #cdnpoli,0
"Vancouver man with SARS felt ill after a trip to Asia... Because of his symptoms, the staff whisked him out of the crowded ER within five minutes. Caregivers wore tight, moisture-proof masks and disposable gowns to protect themselves.",0
Couldn't make it through the first episode.,0
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for regulation: via #technology #regulation #Davos2020,0
Sometimes, corporate ethos and music blur together,0
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump,0
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients,0
Trump's Tariff Threat to China Hits Global Markets,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via,0
Global Stocks Follow Wall Street Lower as Fed Signals Independence,0
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  via,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
The latest on the NYS #Marijuana #Cannabis #Weed #CBD legislative landscape -,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set ( paywall) $AAPL,0
Boeing will have a significant impact on GDP growth. #kbrs,0
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men via,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth -,0
⁦@Viking_Iron_Maj⁩ Thoughts?,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via,0
The UK will ban Huawei from "centralized parts of the 5G infrastructure that route data across the network" as well as sensitive locations uh...I'm not sure that's how 5G works!,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via AGREE!!,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Good account of how things work or don't work in DC Swamp &amp; esp how Yogi Berra had 2 be talking about Foggy Bottom backstabbing when he coined the phrase "it's never over until it's over." Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility,0
Mitch is a beast??? Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
President Trump's Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents,0
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests #Finance #Business #Investissement via,0
Saudi Prince Courted Amazon’s Bezos Before Bitter Split.,0
[Another Freeland foreign failure?] "Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner, an administration official said" #cdnpoli,0
Wasn’t Anti-Semitism a Thing of the Past?,0
Number of #babyboomers entering retirement is expected to grow for several years, while the number of college-bound high-school grads is projected to decline.,0
A great look into some of the big tech trends that'll shape a big part of how we'll live in 2020.,0
Whether it’s retirement or a down payment, New Year’s is one of the best times to make a financial plan. Here are some of their tips and strategies. #PinnacleManagementPromotions #strategies #planning #financial,0
Bernie, Boomers and Earnest Young Socialists,0
Ever wonder The Biggest Ways People Waste Money? The Wall Street Journal says it can be from the smallest things (like buying coffee ) to the largest (like a big house) Money is the #1 fight in relationships. #money #argue #budge #counseling #change,0
The UK will allow Huawei to build part of its 5G networks. A few questions going forward: (thread) via,0
“The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows” ⁦opinion⁩ The Senate must call him as a witness ! Will discuss this &amp; #ImpeachmentTrial on ⁦@AmericaNewsroom⁩ today w ⁦@SandraSmithFox⁩ ⁦@edhenry⁩,0
My favorite part of this story is the editor reading the writers for filth on a live posting.,0
"The tally of deaths and infections from the spread of the new coronavirus mounted in China on Friday—with authorities canceling large public gatherings and locking down more cities—as the second U.S. case of the virus was confirmed." $NNVC $INO $NVAX $BCR,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on a Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income,0
@VABVOX Front Row Joes = delusional cultists,0
With search success in mind, fashion brands are picking increasingly complex names,0
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel vía,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. ⁦⁦opinion⁩ Doctors are wear­ing pon­chos be­cause they lack haz­mat suits. Vil­lage clin­ics are ra­tioning face masks.,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
@QArmyRanger @USMCVet4Trump @EdwardTHardy @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the propaganda. I prefer factual sources.,0
- U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
'The Poison Squad' Review: A Spoonful of Borax Helps the Rancid Meat Go Down -,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades,0
What if, after your heart stops, your brain remains active for 10 minutes, 38 seconds? This is the premise of Elif Shafak’s "10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World.",0
.opinion my Tuesday column on the new phase of Arab unrest: rebellion against sectarian politics and for national identity. No more tribes with flags,0
This is simply quite weird 🧐,0
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe Remember when you were banned from working in the securities industry because you're a little rat who was part of a pay to play scheme?,0
It’s a wakeup call to read the @wsj editorial after the @nytimes’ on Bolton. “There was no crime, and Mr. Trump’s mil­i­tary sup­port for Ukraine con­tin­ues to be far more ro­bust than Barack Oba­ma’s.”,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
Agreed. Worst case Bolton Bomb is known Dud &amp; will NOT change inevitable acquittal. So, The Bomber MUST come out &amp; tell all about supposed he said, he said 2 move on. (BTW, John, it won't hurt book sales) @realDonaldTrump The John Bolton Report,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
Executive Turnover Clouds Deutsche Bank's Wall Street Future,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
“Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster.” This is why the revolution in HK must continue! #HongKong ⁦@Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦@FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦@SolomonYue⁩ ⁦@hk_watch⁩ #WuFlu ⁦@Fight4HongKong⁩ #HK,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via @huawei @UK #UK #5g #wireless #mobile #cellular #wirelessdata,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution di,0
The U.K. will allow China’s Huawei to build parts of the country’s 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
🎧 Listen: In today’s What’s News podcast, our journalists discuss the latest on China’s coronavirus outbreak and the Trump impeachment trial,0
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths | via ProAI,0
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues...,0
Churches Struggle With Mental Health in the Ranks:,0
UK government allows China’s Huawei to build non-critical parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network despite security concerns raised by Pdt Trump &amp; U.S. administration.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
@nytimes @PeteButtigieg @TheRoot @tytinvestigates @michaelharriot @jtlarsen When wine cave cash is not enough: "Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach; Head of talent and cybersecurity aides depart, and some nonwhite staffers criticize a lack of inclusivity,",0
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network. I'd be very interested to know whether Boris Johnson's government did long-term scenario modeling ahead of this decision.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
From Discover on Google,0
British concept of data security is akin to posting a "no trespassing" sign and hoping the CCP will care,0
It’s interesting that a mere decrease in the rate of housing price inflation is seen as a threat to the global economy.,0
Trump Administration Strikes at California’s Abortion-Coverage Mandate... via,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues...,0
Wonder if this ever made it into the medical production stream in volume??? Should have been made readily available sometime in 2019.,0
Boris Who? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Unnecessary mutual fund expense ratios cost traders a bagillion dollars a year.,0
The top trends and moments you need to know from the men’s fall fashion shows in Europe,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity - insightful from ⁦@tparti⁩ &amp; ⁦@dnvolz⁩,0
More key staff members have left Pete Buttigieg's campaign just days before the Iowa caucus, as non-white staffers continue to express concerns about a lack of inclusivity.,0
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Michael Lewis (perhaps best known for “Moneyball”) wrote “Flash Boys” in 2014. Did the regulators just get their copies?,0
@manyapan Dunno ... I'm under the impression that sex education is poor in China and many people don't know how to properly use contraceptives. But maybe I'm wrong.,0
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues...,0
Women held 50.04% of U.S. jobs last month, the first time since 2010 that women surpassed men on payrolls. #,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Wise counsel by the Ed Board. The John Bolton Report,0
@shelby_corinnx3 -- I was just telling you about this, lol. My Temp is 97.7ish. It probably came up in my feed *because* I was just telling you about this in DM, haha "We're taller, fatter, and live longer.",0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via @SNarayan1990 @udaimehta,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable....well there ya’ go,0
The deputy cyber chief also left the campaign earlier this month alongside his boss Mick Baccio, tweeting from a private account that campaigns were toxic places populated by “ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.”,0
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach (Wall Street Journal),0
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues...,0
Buttigieg has had trouble attracting nonwhite voters, now his campaign faces personnel issues with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity, via ⁦@tparti⁩, ⁦@dnvolz⁩,0
The yield on the 10-year Treasury briefly inverted this morning, dipping below that of the three-month bill. w/@Annaisaac and @ahirtens,0
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups,0
A slightly smaller U.S. econ­omy may not seem like much of a prob­lem, but ei­ther plan would col­lect less than 10% of the money needed to fund the gov­ern­ment-run health care promised by both can­di­dates ⁦@Freeman⁩,0
“The U.S. lifted sanctions on Myanmar ... in October 2016. But individuals or entities can still be found to have violated the sanctions i...,0
Yup, we're talking earnings this morning. My latest: 3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and to eliminate 1,500 jobs. via,0
Letters: Dr. Google Has Points Good and Less Good via,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Manufacturer 3M will cut 1,500 jobs after reporting a drop in earnings in the latest quarter. via,0
Staffers of color on Buttigieg’s campaign have raised concerns about a lack of involvement in decision making, especially as they look to win over minority supporters.,0
$JNJ CEO testifies on baby powder.,0
@cspanwj The Wall Street Journal extended an invitation to John Bolton in an excellent editorial. "John Bolton’s book draft... is hardly a surprise and won’t—and shouldn’t—change the impeachment resultt. The John Bolton Report -,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus #BioTech #Coronavirus via,0
#China’s #Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the #UK’s next-generation #5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Major consolidation in auto-parts supply chains underway as BorgWarner moves to buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion deal via,0
Pelosi gets the good press. McConnell gets it done.,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
The campaign’s head of talent and two cybersecurity aides parted ways with the campaign this month. The campaign describes them as “mid level” staffers. In now deleted tweets, one of the aides vented about his experience.,0
@Alfa_Bootis : How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
@AngieMongolia According to this, the Taliban didn't shoot it down, just recovered the bodies at the crash site (according to the Taliban). And the Pentagon isn't saying how many people were aboard or who they were. So...yeah. A mystery.,0
Property firms are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth,0
New: Buttigieg’s campaign is dealing with some departures in the closing days before the Iowa caucuses, as its head of talent and two cybersecurity aides have left and some non-white staffers have shared concerns about a lack of inclusivity w/ @tparti,0
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job @Talentpath,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton book wouldn't be impeachable,0
Huawei or the highway, ammirght? 😞,0
New: Ahead of Iowa caucuses, Buttigieg campaign sees some staff departures + concerns about racial inclusivity. After a Dec retreat on diversity &amp; inclusion, staffers continued to be frustrated. Attended more meetings in an apartment building Our story:,0
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation,0
The Wall Street Journal has dug into the ways information overload and stress can affect your health and relationships and the best ways to clear your mind.,0
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory via,0
China’s #Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation #5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
The best solution would be to grant users ownership of their usage data, which would help improve price signals for digital services.,0
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ,0
@dbongino He is also compromised. This from 2007 Glenn Simpson on Manafort,0
: cf3dea8c-3f4d-4db7-9814-aaa6cdc07fbd,0
Former Goldman Sachs Banker Pleads Guilty in Insider-Trading Case -,0
A research that is 10 years late... via,0
Former Goldman Sachs Banker Pleads Guilty in Insider-Trading Case -,0
The news reports are going to miss the key part: this had to go for a vote in Parliament. The decision hasn't been made and MPs are going to be quite embarrassed voting for Beijing,0
Are you a dopamine or a serotonin? This personality test will tell you. via,0
Federal Reserve Is Low on Ammunition,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws. #Regulation #ePresence #ePublicist,0
“Doing deals doesn’t yield the deep rewards that come from building up people,” said management guru Clayton M. Christensen, who died at age 67 via,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - OpEd by @TheWCS in the,0
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat - #furisdead #furisnotfashion,0
From Discover on Google,0
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens via,0
Capital One Hack Hits the Reputation of a Tech-Savvy Bank,0
Prince Mo­hammed’s se­cu­rity ad­viser, Mu­said al Aiban, had al­ready frozen the data-cen­ter deal b/c Ama­zon wouldn’t al­low Saudi in­tel­li­gence &amp;law en­force­ment ac­cess to data as part of the dis­cussions, peo­ple fa­mil­iar with the mat­ter said.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage,0
.⁦@AOL⁩ Co-founder’s Riverfront Estate Becomes Priciest-Ever #Home to Sell in the DC Area ⁦RealEstate⁩ #realestate,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set,0
Even with impeachment, this might prove to be the biggest global news of the day—the idea that the UK would allow @Huawei to build part of its 5G, going against the US government and the Trump administration, is incredible....,0
“Markets drop on Coronavirus fears” suffer from the same narrative fallacy as the “China trade” headlines of 2019.,0
On Irish Isle Inis Meáin, local tradition is kept alive:,0
@ComfortablySmug Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money The clip Cruz is talking about.,0
Never thought I'd see a picture of an ex-boyfriend in the Wall Street Journal, I have to admit.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. #HFT #highfrequencytrading Why bother when you can #scam like the folks at #seaquake,0
⁦@benshapiro⁩ ... michael Moore might want to see this,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
A Decade Overdue: Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us -,0
#TEXAS HAS ZERO STATE INCOME TAX. So we DO have Property Taxes! Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales...,0
Chinese Property Developers Face Off Against the Communist Party,0
Canada's ratification of Nafta, or USMCA, "won’t be a rubber stamp. It will get passed but there will be bumps.”,0
Vow! Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders such as @Google @Microsoft @Facebook @apple are now calling publicly for new laws via @udaimehta @amol_kulkarni1 @ujjwal1841 @bigphilgj,0
Will Canada follow UK, as it often does with Huawei? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
U.K. bows to Huawei which will -despite a huge U.S. lobbying campaign - be allowed to build part of the country's 5G telecoms network.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent Another Opaque autocracy on its death bed,0
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage,0
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors,0
.⁦@betswrites⁩ of the ⁦⁩ ⁦⁦health⁩ writes one of the most informative—and based on fact—articles I’ve ⁦⁩seen on the coronavirus.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Turmeric Equaled the Effects of the Prescription Drug #Prozac w/o Adverse Effects via #,0
rapporterar att Huawei tillåts i UK att delta i utbyggnaden av 5G. China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly,0
@BDaddys Like you said, a simple google search would inform you instead of embarrassing yourself with this half brained rant,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus -,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Same as it ever was. This conversation started with the #SOESbandits &gt;&gt; Ultrafast #Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
Electronic trading platform ⁦@MarketAxess⁩ is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find ⁦@MattWirz⁩,0
: Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 来自,0
This article re Chief's Coach Reid's "outsider advantage" highlights the fact that it's unlikely for leaders to be distinctive while being conformist.,0
Elite American M.B.A. programs report steep drops in interest as international students opt for universities in Europe and Canada via,0
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’ #HR #Recruiting #FutureOfWork,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters,0
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
Great role model in Andy Reid - Be an outsider and stand out: - Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider, and that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind.,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump,0
: 18332ad1-0255-46b1-a949-0e4441f5556f,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via,0
Breaking: China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. #Hauwei #5G #UK,0
What could possibly go wrong?? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via,0
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via,0
Credit-scoring company Fair Isaac is making changes that will create a bigger gap between consumers deemed to be good and bad credit risks. @wsj #DeltaCommunityCU #CreditScore,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the #coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery: #GlobalEconomy #GlobalGrowth #GlobalGDP,0
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory.,0
markets: Here are some of the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Tuesday’s session,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
U.K. Allows #Huawei to Build Parts of #5G Network,0
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network,0
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S.,0
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat #Coronavirus $ABBV $GILD $JNJ #biotech,0
Wealth Adviser Briefing: Ultrafast Trading Woes, Tech Regulation Plea, Fleeing High-Tax States via GoogleNews,0
The John Bolton Report,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
"Karl Bélanger, a political commentator and former senior NDP aide, said opposition parties are trying to extract a deal from the Liberals that would address their concerns without reopening USMCA. He expects ratification to take months.",0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us -,0
“Maybe it’s just been over­taken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main nar­ra­tive is not one of Amer­i­can decline.”,0
Stocks to Watch: Juniper Networks, Whirlpool, Brown Brown,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth,0
In partnership with Custom, our CEO- Praveen Kankariya writes on why having a single source of truth is no longer just a utopian dream. Read the article to find out why it is time to stop flying blind without one enterprise-one view- #data #wsj,0
“Else­where, users of so­cial me­dia have re­placed the Chi­nese term for “coro­n­avirus” with “gov­ern­ment of­fi­cial-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Man­darin—to mock what they see as a fum­bling re­sponse from the state.”,0
BULLSHIT!! I’ve had my eye on a new coyote bomber for months!! “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats,0
Amid economic and political uncertainty—and mixed signals on consumer sentiment—the new year finds retail CFOs exercising caution when it comes to investments and expansion. via,0
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans via,0
“The sen­ti­ment that gov­ern­ment de­ci­sions are be­ing held be­hind closed doors isn’t go­ing to sup­port pub­lic con­fi­dence.”,0
An unnamed Swiss banker made unlawful profits over several years from trades through his wife’s accounts at other banks via,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits&amp; accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via -MITCH DERANGEMENT SYNDROME -ALWAYS OUTFOXING PELOSI,0
Oh the irony!,0
OMG! A multi-national deferred prosecution agreeement. Dear Canada, Don’t try this at home. #cdnpoli #canpoli,0
Tech Giants' New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us,0
Fast and efficient fulfillment, small footprint. @jensmith writes about our micro-fulfillment platform in : "Companies trying to get closer to customers and keep costs down turn to smaller sites heavy with automation.",0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands via,0
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe -,0
“Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,” ⁦@karen_langley⁩ ⁦⁩,0
Bosses, Get Out of Your Employees’ Way,0
Secrecy can kill, but the 🇨🇳👿☠️#Chinese Communist Party #CCP cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost #WuhanOutbreak #Beijing #WuhanVirus via,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via -SCOTUS ALLOWS TRUMP ADMIN TO IMPLEMENT RULES DENYING RESIDENCY OVER PUBLIC ASSISTANCE... NO GREEN CARD,0
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting via Meanwhile Elizabeth Warren wants to scrap #ElectoralCollege which would end up ignoring fly over states!,0
Former national security adviser John Bolton is a potential problem for President Trump on several fronts.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data,0
@mamasittalove @GOP @JaneyMurph They expect people with brains to believe this. He doesn't even pay his bills.,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via - THE JOHN BOLTON REPORT @KimStrassel,0
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. via,0
Here are some of the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Tuesday’s session,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via --THE JOHN BOLTON REPORT @jjauthor,0
Target CIO Helped Retailer Find Its Tech Groove- #Target #CIO,0
: 39459f8f-a06f-4f99-bc2c-4be5257999d4,0
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion,0
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via,0
Schumer Whiffs Impeachment - The most dangerous place for #Democrats is Chuck Schumer in front of a TV camera. #DNC #Shampeachment #wsj #foxnews #potus #tcot #bbcnews #c4news,0
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit- #SAP,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth- #WeWork,0
(2/5)Today the says Airbus SE’s penalty could be several times the size of the Rolls-Royce fines. #fines,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger- #DeanFoods #Merger,0
All Aboard the Trump (Impeachment) Train - Editorial: The John Bolton Report (Wall Street Journal),0
Morning! As the new coronavirus spreads, attention turns to China's wild animal markets - @JNBPage has more. Plus, @rebeccaballhaus on impeachment, @NickTimiraos on the Fed, and @_benkatz on Airbus' corruption settlement.,0
Oh ... oh no ... AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set via,0
Trump administration officials and their allies in Venezuela seek to exculpate themselves by blaming Putin for their failure to oust Maduro. via,0
Actors Tony Shalhoub, Marin Hinkle, Michael Zegen and Stephanie Hsu on the family dynamics of @MaiselTV’s third season: “I’m a parent in real life—and my heart is forever in my hand, you know?”,0
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers by @jensmith,0
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown Gains in home prices slow as world-wide residential investment continues to decline,0
After WeWork, real estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth,0
After WeWork, real estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth,0
Legalizing marijuana regains attention among state lawmakers,0
Legalizing marijuana regains attention among state lawmakers,0
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion,0
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
#MobBossTrump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals via,0
Apple’s #SupplyChain Strategies Deliver Big Operating Margins. #manufacturing #CEO #logistics #suppiers #investors,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades,0
editorial board, on regular op-ed contributor Bolton: “We’ve known Mr. Bolton long enough to doubt that he'd want to sandbag Republican Senators or the President he worked for. He's a straight-shooter, even if he sometimes aims right between the eyes.",0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
I spoke to @paulvieira about Canada's ratification process for #USMCA / #NAFTA 2.0 / #USMA and its timing and prospects,0
It's not like it's that hard. Democrats are stupid people.,0
Video-sharing app TikTok, popular for its whimsical content, is getting increasingly political,0
Israel's Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges - #GoogleAlerts,0
Obfuscation will only magnify the strategic and economic effects. Virus will win. Public Health requires transparency. If no trust in that, why trust government in anything else? China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home -,0
In 1981 the 10-year Treasury bill paid an interest rate of 16%. Now it pays 2%. How do interest rates affect your money and who controls them? ⁦Our conversation tonight ⁦⁦@GtownCollege⁩,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery via,0
It is not working!!! #chinese are furious about the #CCP handling the #coronavirus Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
Really well-written piece about fair chance hiring by ⁦⁦@RSimon18. Note the high retention rates and support that is available.,0
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion: Your daily economics newsletter from The Wall Street Journal.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says: U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors,0
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. via,0
@kevankharris :“Elite fragmentation collapses states; social movements don’t",0
Israel's Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges,0
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus,0
There is great demand to invest in Bonds early this year. Contact me if you are interested to invest in our Fixed Income UK Bonds which delivers fantastic annual yields while at the same time provides insurance cover on your principal!!,0
Virus Fears Rattle Global Markets. Dow drops 454 points and crude oil slumps as spreading disease spooks investors - @karen_langley #frontpagestoday #USA #TheWallStreetJournal #buyapaper,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela -,0
Atari to Build Videogame-Themed Hotels,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via,0
Tiger Global Raises $3.75 Billion Venture Fund: Fund raise illustrates investors’ belief that private technology continues to be a good investment,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent via,0
5. Fact that the US govt is not aligned internally on a number of questions surrounding Huawei is hardly surprising given complexity of the issues. Note the disagreement between Commerce and the Pentagon on the ability of US firms to sell to Huawei.,0
‘How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies’,0
Lobbying against his own law. Sad. “Former Sen. Christopher Dodd, a namesake of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, has said venture-capital funds weren’t intended to be caught up in the Volcker restrictions.”,0
@RealDonaldTrump is STUPID!! “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
To fight #coronavirus, Hong Kong netizens have been wanting a full border shutdown for days. Saying it isn't warranted now, the city's leader, however, responded Tuesday with a heavy cut-back on travels between China and Hong Kong. w/ @srussolillo,0
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland #China would be reduced significantly due to the #coronavirus via,0
The Emperor isn’t just naked, The Emperor is the virus.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak is breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - The Wall Street Journal,0
@realDonaldTrump If we're going to impeach a president for a non-crime and a conversation with a foreign leader for the abettance in a US presidential election I prefer this one...,0
#Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery via #stock #bonds #forex #commodities,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Real-estate startups are retreating from a growth-at-all-costs model, casting aside an approach that has worked for many internet companies but has sputtered in the concrete world of office buildings and lodging properties.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent,0
Fewer, higher quality employees. “Today, Minneapolis-based Target has about 4,000 IT employees, more than 80% of whom are full-time software engineers and developers. Before Mr. McNamara took over, the company had about 10,000 IT workers”,0
The government published photos of Mr. Li, wearing a face mask and swaddled in blue protective gear, as he toured medical facilities in Wuhan In one image, he appeared to be speaking through a walkie-talkie to a patient on a video screen,0
Is small beautiful? Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers - Wall Street #ecommerce #retailinnovation #grocerydelivery,0
Worth a read. Possibly fodder for Sanders/Warren,0
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 "How Putin outfoxed Trump” other breaking news: How words befuddled Trump How a chicken ran a casino better than Trump How a toilet bested Trump How a pretzel scored higher on a cognitive test than Trump,0
I don't recommend pissing off ⁦@POTUS⁩⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ right now. There is only one stat that Trump cares about. ⁦@BarackObama⁩ has 28 stars on the ⁦@CIA⁩ memorial wall, more than any previous president.,0
Somehow I missed that FCA is paying protection money to Tesla in the EU. From @EricSylvers via autos,0
Instead of renaming the Boeing 737 MAX, Boeing needs to go overboard in making the plane safe to restore its reputation. via,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy.,0
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus -,0
BREAKING: It'll never happen! #GOPCoverup Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Good points. Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead,0
"Its real import is the way Justice Neil Gorsuch puts a torch to the proliferation of universal injunctions by the lower courts.",0
#Myanmar is high financial and reputational risk #Rohingya. Doing business with genocidal country carries a real and increased financial risks to foreign businesses and #investors @BoycottMM @nslwin @FreeRoCoalition @ASEANMP,0
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery,0
When the Left degrades the President and the presidency it weakens everyone, not just USA.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors. #newsflash,0
Dr. Google Has Points Good and Less Good - #GoogleAlerts @renewablepower5,0
Stocks Pause Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus 📰 »,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - The Wall Street Journal: After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth  The Wall Street Journal,0
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial,0
Apple Was Headed for a Slump. Then It Had One of the Biggest Rallies Ever. -,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela via,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via,0
Have a listen 🎧: Today's Morning Brief Podcasts,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via,0
Well, this is interesting and explains why my kids typically run in the 97* range. I just thought all of our thermometers were broken!,0
A #brexit museum?? Really? That'll help the country heal. Numpties...,0
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via,0
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.,0
Kobe Bryant's venture firm reflected his ethos, an investor said. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.”,0
Quote “Ukraine never opened an inves­ti­ga­tion, the U.S. aid was de­liv­ered on time, and Mr. Trump met with Ukraine’s Pres­ident in New York. There was no crime, and Mr. Trump’s military sup­port for Ukraine con­tinues to be far more ro­bust than Oba­ma”,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Schumers’s stance to have R’s vote on witnesses is nakedly political and has nothing to do with finding truth.,0
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via,0
Travesty before our eyes! This is what you get for 33 years if service to America?! I THINK NOT! #3STARSTRONG #JusticeForFlynn #ClearFlynnNow #ExonerateGenFlynn #FlynnWasSetUp #FlynnFighters #WhereIsFlynn302 #DigitalSoldiers,0
Scary. We are not ready to handle this. Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
@robinhanson Does this complement @RandyNesse’s excellent work on the evolutionary benefits of bad feelings? He makes a fascinating analogy with race horses: bred for speed, they have a higher risk of broken legs. Humans, bred for complex cognitive processing...,0
Most #handwashing programs focus on #lessdeveloped countries. Here is why the #developed world should start worrying!! #coronavirus #sars #hospital #hygiene #publichealth,0
Stay informed.,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - Fools together til the end - via,0
Maybe this will discourage forum shopping to stop unliked policies. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
Beijing’s sophisticated censorship machine is running up against growing public anger over gov handling of #wuhanconoravirus “Wuhan must immediately have a change of guard!” says one Weibo post that had gone viral before getting deleted.,0
@Jeff28043896 @SethAbramson Truth is Hunter Biden himself wasn't investigated. While closing the case he inherited, the new prosecutor stated the he found nothing related to Biden. Burisma firm was using Biden as leverage to gain access to the state department.,0
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via,0
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via,0
FFL Partners-backed Eyemart Express considering sale of its business, with stores in 40 states, via ⁦@LCooperReports⁩ ⁦⁩ #PrivateEquity,0
“I pray that we can get to a place where we can stop saying the first black this and the first black that.” @rayalexsmith,0
: Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career,0
The NFL Loves Insiders. Andy Reid Is the Ultimate Outsider. Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind.,0
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: Hong Kong cuts transport links with China to contain coronavirus * Nikkei: Indonesia's wealth gap spurs Muslims to join 'economic jihad' * : Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial,0
Much like Brexit itself, plans for a Brexit museum haven’t exactly gone smoothly,0
What you need to know about: #FICO Changes Could Lower Your #CreditScore I'm trying hard to gain followers so please follow me on Twitter - Thank You. #ConsumerCredit #ObtainCredit #Debt #CreditRisk #RiskManagement #Lending #CreditScoring #InstantCredit,0
U.S. Companies Fuel Europe’s Green-Energy Push #MSFTAdvocate,0
More background:,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale,0
@Stanley_2020UK @USAmbUK @SteveBakerHW @thesundaytimes The US removed .. all labelling of country of origin "COOL", a few years back, So that will be part of the deal. (But I shall leave you to your... "Hopes") Enjoy your Zeronol.,0
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to restore the veil opened amid protests and U.S. pressure,0
Bing,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.,0
More positive signs that the property sector in the UK is bouncing back! A Hong Kong real-estate investor is set to buy a central-London residential property for just under $274 million, in what would be the U.K.’s most expensive house sale ever via,0
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs,0
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set,0
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth,0
Picture&gt;1,000 words,0
: 28f985a0-f704-4ea6-b6ac-228d6d9670e8,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
Who knew? “I grew up in Italy, so it will have a place near my heart, al­ways,” he said in a 2011 ra­dio in­ter­view in flu­ent Ital­ian.”,0
Good news. President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades,0
On a recent long distance flight, there were a few passengers walking around #barefoot , one even using the lavatory barefoot which I thought was really unhygienic. I didn’t realize this was a phenomenon until reading this today. #flyingbarefoot,0
And btw - India is also being outperformed by its poorer south asian neighbours on social development. Ooops.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.,0
What's going on? After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - The Wall Street Journal Be found,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
"Dow Drops Over 450 Points on Coronavirus Fears" via #nCoV2019 #coronavirus,0
[] The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.,0
"The NYTimes’s story contains no 'bombshells, 'notwithstanding the media hype. Anyone paying attention,or who has read Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson’s Nov. 18 letter to House Members, knows that Mr. Trump mistrusted Ukraine and considered cutting off aid.",0
Court reverses stay on Trump Administration plan to make legal immigrants who draw from social programs ineligible for green card Why so surprising? Law said this for &gt;100 years. 8 U.S.C. Sec. 1182(a)(4).,0
President Trump, It’s time to think about your exit from the presidency.,0
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via,0
Jesus würde sicher hinter dem 2%-Ziel stehen. Asked what gives her the self-confidence to undertake such a dramatic reshaping of Germany’s approach to the world, AKK highlights her faith. “It helps me to know that there is God and that I trust in God,”,0
Very common across east Asia. Quite scary too. The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
“I just don’t think you can doubt the power of love to change hearts and minds,” Bryan Stevenson says. The human rights lawyer, whose memoir is the basis for the film "Just Mercy," has devoted his life to fighting for the convicted and the condemned:,0
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs,0
U.S. Military Bans TikTok Over Ties to China,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
@AbbVie, @Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via @Merck @JNJNews #2019nCoV #Wuhan #coronavirus,0
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade via,0
Source :,0
The Poison Squad, A PBS TV look at the group of human beings that food corporations used to test the dangers of food additives in the early 20th century via,0
Grocers offering online orders are testing automated micro-fulfillment systems that can fulfill 4000 orders per week while occupying little space (@smithjenbk / Wall Street Journal),0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - The Wall Street Journal,0
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via,0
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle-class via,0
Good news for the podcasting industry. Bad news for my wallet and my listening ears🎙️,0
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers—a big “Eww!” In ⁦⁩,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
As anticipated: Stocks fell as concerns rise about #nCoV2019 containment and potential economic impact. #coronavirus.,0
A lost generation of skilled #Workers: "#furniture makers used to dominate the economies of places like Hickory. But the industry shed roughly 250,000 production jobs from its peak in 2000" #FreeTrade #outsourcing,0
Hong Kong-China Travel Reduced Due to Coronavirus @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
Could not agree more with @wrmead! "A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe" via , but, perhaps @akk finally heard what @sikorskiradek was calling Germany upon @UniofOxford in 2012? via @FT,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
Catch up with Digant Shah at CMO Network Editor's Dinner and discuss how you can create an immersive #CustomerExperience for the #DigitalCustomer! #UnlockTheNxt in #CX -,0
@YorkshireLad_87 @adb0wen Bernie was, of course Warren actually wasn't I don't think she actually identifies as a socialist does she?,0
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail | 1. Don’t limit AI strategy to IT strategy 2. Prioritize revenue growth over cost reduction 3. Apply AI throughout the business #artificialintelligence #DataScience,0
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly. #nCoV2019 #coronavirus,0
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via,0
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus,0
“Big banks in the U.S. face looser restrictions on investing their own money in venture capital funds under the latest plan to ease the Volcker rule’s limits on speculative trading, according to people familiar with the matter.”,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - - DOLLAR FLIGHT?,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
@Keysfins @CivMilAir Yep. but didn't realize the "chartered" planes were military.,0
Prince Andrew Provided ‘Zero Cooperation’ in Epstein Probe, U.S. Prosecutor Says,0
Ecommerce giant #Amazon announced they are doubling down on investment in #Israel as a gateway to manufacturer #fulfillment and logistics for the growing #UAE product market. Analysts estimate the market at $4.8 billion in sales. #GlobalBusiness #reesmarx,0
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan Hitler killed 6 millions Communism has killed 100millions and still counting,0
Speaking at a news conference while wearing a surgical mask, Carrie Lam said Hong Kong would shut two railways that connect to the mainland, as well as reduce cross-border tour buses, ferries and flights to and from China, @srussolillo @joyuwang report:,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions. This is critical in stopping judges from overreaching in decisions and handcuffing current and future administrations.,0
The boom in industrial real estate is losing steam, although vacancy rates remaining historically low, a new study shows via,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
“#Israelis will say ‘yes’ or ‘yes, but.' Key #Arab states will probably say ‘maybe’ in order to stay on the right side of Donald Trump. #Palestinians will say ‘hell no.’ ” @felschwartz &amp; @mgordonwsj on Kushner's one-sided peace plan to nowhere:,0
#Boeing’s fatal error was single data. What design processes and procedures will prevent such a grievous decision to be made in the future? #boeing737crash @AviationWeek @AirlineReporter,0
Is China testing nice biological practicality tst of weaker virus before engineering main weapon? Very few Chinese close allies affected the virus @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @USArmy @who @NSAGov @CIA @NIH @CCDC_ChemBio @CDCgov,0
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan I said he didn’t killed jews in war , he killed them in his country misusing his Dictatorship power , just like Stalin and Mao Read this for more info,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome -,0
The classic coin purse gets an update from designers such as Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs.,0
A New York administrative law judge found in December that David Russekoff, a hedge-fund manager who lives in Greenwich, Conn., owed about $9 million in taxes and $1 million in interest on investment income because he was considere…,0
@TechnoHausFunkr @Maytag_Zach @Snowden The Soviets didn't murder millions of their own people? Did you even attend history class back in high school? At least 20 million people died at the hands of the Soviet government! That's double the number of people Hitler killed.,0
Some drug makers are shipping HIV medicines to China for testing against the Wuhan coronavirus. The meds work by interfering with viral replication.,0
Cross-border travel between Hong Kong and mainland China will be cut back significantly due to coronavirus, with measures expected to start Thursday and continue until further notice,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed -,0
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting,0
🇩🇪 MinDef @akk: “We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.”,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay,0
Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via But of course he did!,0
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science,0
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science -,0
Banks Face Eased Volcker Restrictions on Venture-Capital Funds:,0
Iran leaders seek to heal rifts after lies over crash. At last they dig the need!,0
The European plane maker has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption.,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via The answer is NO,0
Air-traffic control is in the midst of a major change: Shift from radar to GPS should make tracking faster and more accurate, allowing more planes in the air,0
Global housing downturn. Methinks London still a European bolt hole.,0
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs @alyrose,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Much simpler this way !,0
"Fed’s new tune on policy is giving investors something akin to perfect knowledge of what rates will be in the future, allowing them to take on more risk." #PerfectKnowledge 🤦‍♂️,0
Geopolitical score in 2019 #US 0 - 10 #Russia via,0
"The better-armed Germany AKK hopes to build would be a conservative force in international relations." #geopolitics,0
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan Did Hitler Killed the jews in war ? We are talking about the civilian murders by communism,0
📌#NATO Aims to Add Personnel to #Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting #ISIS,0
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via,0
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines -,0
The : The Pros and Cons of Using 12-Month Returns to Evaluate a Mutual Fund #Check6 #Check6Wealth #FinTech #WealthTech #WealthManagement #PlatformTechnology #OnlineWealthView #DataFeeds #DataFeedswithBanks #PrivateAssets #PrivateAssetsReport,0
Supermarkets are adding highly automated micro=fulfillment centers to tap into the fast-growing grocery delivery market. via,0
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu drops his request for immunity from prosecution on corruption charges, setting the stage for a criminal trial,0
Massive urbanisation creating cities of tens of millions, rapid transportation in-between &amp; loose regulatory discipline all around: are we really surprised? raises fair questions about the #Coronavirus &amp; future implications: #China #globalmobility,0
Catch @amitvedand at the #RethinkingGlobalMarkets event hosted by and @ForeignAffairs on the 5th of February in New York. Details here: #jungleventures #buildtolast #venturecapital #emergingmarkets,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit,0
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan -,0
WH has tried to have it both ways re: Ukraine case: They in­sist no quid pro quo demand for Biden inves­ti­gations made while with­holding aid from Ukraine, &amp; that it would be proper even if there were. Trump de­fense now may have to choose latter argument,0
Great profile of @akk by @wrmead in . Crucial 🇩🇪conveyes a strategy to allies. "The better-armed #Germany #AKK hopes to build would be a conservative force in international relations... German policy would still be grounded in both #NATO and #EU.",0
: 4573be66-bb87-44ea-91c8-cf8a0023bf12,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Why Bolton Represents a Big Wild Card in Impeachment Trump’s former national security adviser and former alcoholic has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what,0
The U.N. and #HumanTrafficking - The Wall Street Journal,0
Private Photos of Indicted Donor Depict Ties to Trump, Giuliani,0
Israel’s Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges,0
How Putin, Cuba and Some US Allies Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela—by giving them covert aid. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
: Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships,0
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients via,0
“There are a lot of older women in this industry who have been little-sister nice to me. I love them. I can call them for anything,” Selena Gomez says.,0
The Americans are getting their citizens out of Wuhan. I don't see any move to get Aussies out. .,0
Dow Drops Over 450 Points on Coronavirus Fears Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
Heard on the Street: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. via,0
Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations Bolton’s claim goes to heart of the Dems’ impeachment inquiry &amp; contradicts WH stance about decision to hold Ukraine military aid But Bolton can’t testify about talks w Prez!,0
Hi @ChrisMcGreal You write @guardian that Kushner never talked with the Palestinians before crafting his peace plan. This isn't true. As multiple media outlets reported, they met in June, 2017.,0
: 6bb6be6d-9bff-4030-ab78-991747ac6b2a,0
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over #China’s Wild #Animal Trade #coronavirus,0
@nitinbhatia121 If coronavirus news isn't a trigger for the market, then how can US market and stocks like Alphabet and apple got declined, as their market is less prone to manipulation.,0
“The Pentagon is concerned that if US firms can’t continue to ship to Huawei, they will lose a key source of revenue—depriving them of money for R&amp;D needed to maintain a technological edge” The dilemmas of competition on a globalised world.,0
Business-software maker SAP raised its earnings outlook as strong growth in cloud-based software drove a 22% increase in fourth-quarter profit, beating analysts’ estimates.,0
SAP’s net profit and revenue for the fourth quarter of 2019 increased year-on-year, and the German software company upwardly revised guidance for 2020.,0
Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career,0
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure -,0
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via,0
Credit Suisse Chief uses Instagram to Rebut Claim He Ordered Damaging Information. He says "Staying silent is no longer a viable strategy” #TuckCC,0
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton's Credibility - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @MichaelCBender,0
Is India barging towards the 2008 US crisis?,0
#Recipe for a #Cake Seriously Worth the Splurge - The Wall Street Journal,0
The Wall Street Journal () interviews Michaela Ahlberg, a specialist in ethics and compliance, about how compliance programs can create a better business culture:  #Compliance #RegTech,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus -,0
If there's any sanity in the world then all the horror this latest flu outbreak is creating will lead to one singular, massive policy change: a PERMANENT ban on the sale of wild land-animals, dead or alive, in China's food markets. Cannot come soon enough,0
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients,0
As Chinese Adoptees Return Home, a New Genre Tells Their Tales via,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
Great piece by @jensmith on micro-fulfillment featuring @HeadlineMediaPR client, Fabric! #Startups #VentureCapital #StartupNation #Robotics #AI,0
Brazil state prosecutors charge ex-Vale CEO Fabio Schvartsman with homicide for last year’s deadly dam collapse, along with others from the mining company and auditor TÜV SÜD, via #Brumadinho,0
Another Supreme Court Win! Great to see the activist judges and courts neutered by the SCOTUS! Gorsuch and Thomas Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions,0
The scariest thing about the coronavirus is its incubation period-- you could have the bug for 14 days before you manifest symptoms! @DonkaMojovic,0
What CFOs from brick-and-mortar retailers can do to face their e-commerce rivals #CFO #disruption #digitaltransformation,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center. di,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption di,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid di,0
Hate Crime Hoaxes Are More Common Than You Think,0
Emergency Evacuation Of Americans Begins From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City. Is it a good idea to fly 230 people from the middle of a #coronarvirus #pandemic to the middle of #california How could this possibly go wrong?,0
At issue for Discover amid its stock fall:whether credit-card company’s borrowers are under financial strain via,0
This is for the "China is doing a great job disclosing so much info on #coronavirus" kind of guys. #Wuhan di,0
‘The Poison Squad’ Review: A Spoonful of Borax Helps the Rancid Meat Go Down -,0
The Taliban appear to have received anti-aircraft missiles. They claimed that they had dropped down a U.S. surveillance craft in Ghazni of Afghanistan, but U.S. defense official says there was no indication Monday’s crash was caused by enemy fire.,0
Shilpa Yarlagadda started her fine jewelry company, Shiffon, in her Harvard dorm room. It’s become a celebrity favorite and she’s using half of the profits to fund female-led companies around the world—and she hasn’t even graduated yet:,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
For 55-year-old actor Blair Underwood, working on Broadway means he’s back in his best shape.,0
The mayor of Wuhan, the city at the epicenter of China’s viral outbreak, said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen,0
Renault is planning to name former Volkswagen executive Luca de Meo as its chief executive at an extraordinary board meeting this week via,0
The mayor of Wuhan, the city at the epicenter of China’s viral outbreak, said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups.,0
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career,0
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships,0
Really fascinating ongoing debate. Technology that has transformed the sport! Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy #SEMETHICS19,0
Huge Win for 🇺🇸! Now let’s focus on America First! With helping and fixing the homeless crisis in America, encourage continued wage growth and respect working Americans! Supreme Court Allows President Trump to Welfare Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
: 112f7713-110f-407e-a8b8-381752ef9165,0
#Biden2020 @JoeBiden Add Venezuela to the countries that Trump has LOST out of incompetence, avarice, corruption or a combination. The others: Cuba, Syria, Iraq (TRIED to abandon NATO, So. Korea-- Patriots intervened).,0
India is raising barriers to U.S. tech companies. “One of the lessons they draw from China is that protectionism can work.” via,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay,0
Top #SiliconValley leaders now calling publicly for new #regulations ‘There is no question in my mind that #ArtificialIntelligence needs to be regulated. The question is how best to approach this.’ @sundarpichai #AI #dataprivacy #DataScientists via,0
MyPOV: Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.,0
Phones That Can Read Your Mind,0
Tech Earnings Will Test Rally in Growth Stocks,0
Aus der Defensive. #AKK: "We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.”,0
"One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal" Amazon and desert don't mix well via,0
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption.,0
Are diseased pigs cause of coronavirus? via,0
@mrs_jones46 @amazingheat @AngelaBelcamino @realDonaldTrump Show your facts. Because you haven't any. Brainwashed sheeple.,0
Wall Street Journal vid with &gt;1 million views. Re: BJSM blog and article by PhD candidate &amp; professional ultradistance racer Geoffrey Burns @geoffreyburns and @nictam_za. Here's the vid link: Blog:,0
Trump will remembered for making his life impossible by cutting aid to a variety of arts programs.,0
SARS Provides a Faulty Road Map for Oil Prices:,0
Stocks Are on Course for Biggest Move Since October:,0
When Apple Didn't Pad Its Margins:,0
Flash Boys in action,0
U.S. Government Bonds Extend Rally on Coronavirus Concerns:,0
Managing the Transition to Industry 4.0: Survey #futureofwork #industry40 #automation #CXOs #climatechange via @DeloitteUS,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory.,0
#GM Picks #Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks #business #money #trade #economy #cars #Automotive #ElectricCars #Michigan,0
: What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups.,0
China’s president has spoken about the country’s ability to show leadership on global issues, such as public health. His response to the coronavirus crisis is likely to be seen as an important test.,0
Shilpa Yarlagadda started her fine jewelry company, Shiffon, in her Harvard dorm room. It’s become a celebrity favorite and she’s using half of the profits to fund female-led companies around the world—and she hasn’t even graduated yet:,0
„We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions... I am not afraid of them and...I feel the duty to take a lead.” Endlich jemand, der sich daran erinnert, dass Politk Führung braucht. Three Cheers for @akk,0
: cdc59bef-a8ba-43b9-802c-f55788082453,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind.,0
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay,0
Iran's Leaders Work to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says,0
Well, well...Airbus has been granted a ***Deferred Prosecution Agreement*** to be approved by courts in three jurisdictions (US, UK, France)... via #cdnpoli,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed vía,0
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company( play that game ),0
They are trying to infect the USA..U.S. sets evacuation plan from China’s locked-down coronavirus-infected Wuhan via,0
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job(ummm what is wrong with this ?h,0
@Lovemypupper @yashar @maggieNYT @nytmike Just to remind folks, that $1.7 billion was a ransom payment for the release of hostages taken by Iran.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns(yeah don’t say),0
New research looked for evidence of hospital quality gains in deals between 2009 and 2013. The study didn’t find it. via,0
Market Decline Threatens Predictions for Calm Earnings Season - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news,0
Nine in 10 #CXOs expect #climatechange to have a negative impact on their organizations per Deloitte’s #ReadinessReport. Read more in Risk.,0
For sale. India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India -,0
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure,0
@dewysmack @charliekirk11 Ah yes, “I got caught officer and gave back the money, we good?”,0
Easing rules,0
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role as an impeachment manager isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs, where the Democrat won his seat from a longtime Republican incumbent in 2018,0
: 3938ae14-911e-4b48-ab11-5a97bfd086e2,0
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown - The Wall Street Journal,0
markets: What are 'yield caps' and how do they fit into the Federal Reserve's plans?,0
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Measures to Contain Coronavirus Falter, Rattling Global Markets,0
markets: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall.,0
markets: The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
markets: The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share.,0
markets: The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder,0
Market Decline Threatens Predictions for Calm Earnings Season - The Wall Street Journal #marketing #reviews,0
@Nuearth2000 @LindaTerhune @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl @nbc @halsey @sethmeyers @LateNightSeth @colbertlateshow @StephenAtHome @JimmyKimmelLive @jimmykimmel @DNC @BillyGraham @CTmagazine @RecordingAcad @tedcruz @TexasGOP @JohnCornyn @lizzo @djkhaled @SenCoryGardner @SenRickScott @TeamMarco @HuffPost #Bolton confirmed in the #BoltonBook that: - #Trump sold out the #USA &amp; our #NationalSecurity to cheat in #Election2020, violating the #Constitution &amp; his sacred Oath along the way - @Trump &amp; his lawyers play the #TrumpTrain for FOOLS by LYING to them!,0
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger,0
Trump, confident Maduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions. In turn, US reluctance to impose sanctions on Russian enterprises and others kept Venezuela’s oil and gold flowing to buyers.,0
@gregderego First reported here!,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel,0
India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India - The Wall Street Journal,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela -,0
📆Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
SSAB Swings to Loss,0
Leadership @akk regarding the role of Germany and @cdu: „We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.”,0
Credit Suisse Chief Tidjane Thiam Rebuts Claim He Ordered Damaging Information - The Wall Street Journal #CorpGov via @ToGovern,0
They wonder why we are leaving. Priests diddle children and hear each other's confessions and forgive their own sins. Bishops and Cardinals move pedo priests around and cover up. The only sin they ever talk about is abortion. So done with them.,0
markets: What are 'yield caps' and how do they fit into the Federal Reserve's plans?,0
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Measures to Contain Coronavirus Falter, Rattling Global Markets,0
markets: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall.,0
markets: The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
markets: The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share.,0
markets: The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder,0
markets: The Cboe Volatility Index climbed Monday to its highest level since the start of this year,0
markets: The Connecticut hedge-fund manager was caught up in New York state’s tax system in part because he still owned a five-bedroom waterfront vacation home on Shelter Island,0
markets: Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession,0
markets: Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus,0
markets: Apple's first iPad was also the first time the company took a deliberate hit to margins to grab share. And it wouldn't be the last. djtgallagher for heard explains:,0
markets: A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy,0
markets: Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank,0
markets: The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion.,0
markets: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum.,0
markets: Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 are seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest projection since third-quarter 2017,0
markets: Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans,0
markets: The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
#China’s #cryptocurrency will likely outflank Libra, &amp; could pave the way to a new global currency order - it’s adoption is secured in China, its challenge will be the high street bank-biased west - video by,0
‘The Enlightenment That Failed’ Review: Downfall of the Radicals,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Some useful information on the coronavirus....Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
Two compliance chiefs speak out about the link between organizational culture and compliance. Hint: it's stronger than you think.,0
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. via,0
In her off-camera life, actress Zazie Beetz is a vocal sustainability advocate and lover of natural skincare (she’s a spokesperson for True Botanicals). She even makes her own shea oil body butter and whips up kombucha. ,0
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines ‼️‼️🚨🚨🚨🚨😂 #comingsoon,0
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. @DrTomMartinPhD @docrocktex26 @Trumpnado2016,0
Bolton, Pompeo, Mulvaney, &amp; Barr, &amp; Pence should come up &amp; testify under oath. Cant wait to see the outcome and the face of Donald J Trump! Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
Is China hiding the true #coronavirus mortality? Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally. 🤔,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
New research finds link between exposure to toxins at World Trade Center site after Sept. 11 and prostate cancer via,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Is it ever OK to go barefoot on a plane? No. The answer is no. It is never OK. via,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions,0
@PoliticalKathy 2/2 The Gates, Bloomberg and other billionaires have met before to discuss population control.,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant - The Wall Street Journal,0
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile.,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores,0
“...entire drugstore industry copes with a shift to online shopping and shrinking profits in prescription medicines, which often disproportionately affect smaller players.” via #YangGang,0
What an intricately-knitted tent we all just thrive along inside of...👋🙏👏,0
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - The Wall Street Journal,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus -,0
America's Gold Giant Bets on Dividends, Improved Mines to Hold Off Rival -,0
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the spread of a new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession.,0
"SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected…3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new coronavirus have died…But the new virus may spread from one person to another more easily than SARS,…early disease modeling suggests." @betswrites,0
#news #opinion #Venezuela #Putin #Trump #tuesday “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the spread of a new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession.,0
: 7d12fb9e-f4ce-44a2-b525-f53b70647bf0,0
Excited to follow the evolution and growth of ⁦@sparkbeyond! —&gt; SparkBeyond⁩ Says Its AI Can Autonomously Tackle Business Problems, by ⁦⁩ #ai #patterns #insights #startupnation #israel,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ Nadler let me 'splain you dictators If we were the United Socialist States of America and a dictatorship you would be in a re-education camp to learn how not to say bad things about El Jefe! 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️,0
: c30421b8-051a-4346-8776-dc958d58b3a6,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. vía,0
It’s exactly what lunch should look like.,0
Climate Change Is Affordable -,0
Abolish Asia’s Wet Markets:Op-ed ⁦⁩,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. vía,0
: 52a8bd47-a5a7-4fc0-a370-ff025bb936f8,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid vía,0
RIP Harvard Professor Clayton M. Christensen Turned His Life Into a Case Study,0
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981,0
Let's just hope Germany becomes sane first. otherwise you are arming a non rational player.ah, #VDL "wants to strengthen the Continent’s hard power." is grotesque. @amlivemon @vtchakarova @RobertMCutler,0
@HK_not_safe @bylijing Him and Mr Li...,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
Fascinating insight into the Iranian establishment as it faces worst public unrest and anger since 1979. @SuneEngel has more on the rifts within, including *that* moment where President Rouhani left Khamenei's Friday sermon early #Iran,0
#Putin prevented #Trump from implementing #RegimeChange in #Venezuela,0
@michaelbeatty3 @SallyM820 @AlanDersh @realDonaldTrump Come on, seriously?? Wake up Republicans. Trump and the GOP are puppets to the top billionaires in this country.,0
Trump didn’t have the legal authority to put on hold millions of dollars in security assistance to Ukraine, Congress’s nonpartisan watchdog found. via #BoltonBombshell #BoltonMustTestify,0
dry commentary on #Salvini, with one minor misunderstanding. Italy is not "abandoning pro-growth economics", it's enacting ANTI growth economics. That helps Salvini, since even the absence of legislation bets current occupants.,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
. . #EIA Oil prices. We look at profit of price by a series of measures by reduction agreement opec and middle east tension Civilian withdrawal plan mechanism. Pay attention to over 15 20 30 year Treasury bond yield. Thank you!,0
@Viccimn How about that right wing propaganda machine......wait for it......the .......#dumbass....👇🏿,0
The rally of Apple,0
Opinion: The Democrat's Impeachment Case Could Set Dangerous Precedents,0
Watch the Trump Impeachment Trial,0
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
“Elite fragmentation collapses states; social movements don’t.",0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration❗,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
There was no player held in higher esteem by today’s NBA players than Kobe Bryant,0
Blackstone CEO Says Businesses Must Address Climate Change,0
Swedbank Hit by Higher Costs,0
@naval @davidiach It's already happening. Elevation has a statistically significant effect on Miami real estate appreciation: and the pop sci version here:,0
The NFL Loves Insiders. Andy Reid Is the Ultimate Outsider. The success of the Chiefs can be traced through their coach who has become the game’s foremost offensive mind because of a career spent soliciting and incorporating the best outside opinions,0
Cowboy style that’s at home on the range and in the city.,0
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #Technology #Information,0
👀Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies,0
US State Dept Warns Against Non-Essential Travel to China—What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus -,0
The Trump campaign is planning an ambitious show of force for Iowa's Feb. 3 caucuses,0
: d078d287-57fe-4ed4-a0fd-381f6d010d2b,0
CIOs Share Their Priorities for 2020,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City U.S. evacuation flight set to ferry some citizens to California, while hundred...,0
The Best and Worst U.S. Airlines of 2019: ⁦@Delta⁩ outpaced the field for the third year in a row,0
If you're a progressive voter or believe in progressive policies and you are angry at Warren or Sanders for not being in lock step with one another, always remember that they're the same team, because the real enemy certainly won't forget it,0
$ABBV $GILD AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields -,0
If Elizabeth Warren is going to forgive student debt, this voter wants a tuition refund.,0
Who Hacked Jeff Bezos? —strong argument that it was not the Saudis,0
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger -,0
To get around virus-stricken Wuhan, Louisiana native Benjamin Wilson only steps out with a facemask, gloves and extra layers. When he gets home, he wipes everything down in antibacterial soap. “I’m just trying to minimize exposure to other people.”,0
Officials have said Israelis and Palestinians won’t be forced to leave their homes as *Israel expands its borders*.,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness,0
This is quite damning to read. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism,0
‘China also has about 20% fewer physicians per capita than Mexico and 70% fewer general practitioners than World Health Organization standards’- a chilling read. Context: it is however the world’s 2nd arms producer. Fastest growing military power. Bar none,0
: 5f9cb141-dbff-457d-998f-a25ce6e3509e,0
Chifa, a new restaurant in Los Angeles by Opening Ceremony’s Humberto Leon, will be open in time for Chinese New Year. Leon is serving as creative marketing director, while the kitchen will be helmed by his mother, Wendy Leon, and brother-in-law John Liu.,0
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at different sites in Iowa ahead of the Feb. 3 caucuses,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
@Steel94010 @FxFusion @realDailyWire @emzanotti @tedcruz “No evidence lobbied state dept”. The firm that hired him (Blue Star) did per “Prosecutor not going after Burisma” not according to Solomon’s investigation.,0
Mad props to the #GoogleOrchestra and to ⁦@sanbeiji⁩ for killin' it on double bass! 🎼🎸 We need a SV 'Battle of the orchestras' next 😂,0
Social media is the primary mode of communication for the younger generation. As we continue to find new ways to communicate, we will continue to uncover problems as well as solutions to those problems. #Communication #SocialMediaNews,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Incredible story — Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.,0
SCOTUS al­lowed Trump ad­min­is­tra­tion to be­gin im­ple­ment­ing rules that make it eas­ier for the gov­. to deny limited-in­come im­mi­grants res­i­dency or ad­mis­sion to the U.S. be­cause they use pub­lic-as­sistance or might use them in the fu­ture.,0
OP-ED: "Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where #Pandemics Breed" | By Christian Walzer and Aili Kang for The Wall Street Journal #China #Wuhan #WuhanVirus #Hubei #virus #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak #zoonotic #zoonoses #wildlifetrade ⁦Opinion⁩,0
Legal Fight Over John Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory -,0
@joy31608 @mnewsince @jboogiebrown @TheOralBuffet @elvislver56 @QueenPeace2017 @Philly59020897 @SpeakTruth911 U.S. HOSPITALS AREN'T READY FOR THE CORONAVIRUS! From opinion: U.S. Hospitals Need To Tighten Up Their Infection Control To Prepare For The Coronoavirus. In A Recent CDC Drill, Only 36% Of Health-Care Staff Washed Their Hands, Writes Betsy McCaughey!,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Pelosi ssid “impeachment is so divisive to the country that unless there’s something so compelling and overwhelming and bipartisan, I don’t think we should go down that path because it divides the country.” The House then impeached Trump with no GOP votes.,0
Leading Democratic candidates are betting on states that will be part of a slate of Super Tuesday contests and other March primaries.,0
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 as of Friday were seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest forecast since 3Q 2017...Vix uptrend at the gate!,0
@redobbinated @mmpadellan People have been saying this for months, you need to fact check before you respond like that He was dishonorably disch is not considered an unreliable source,0
On Tuesday's front page: China's coronavirus rattles global markets. "Uncertainty like this causes people to step back and reassess the amount of risk they’re taking.",0
From opinion: U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey.,0
Here's a hospital pass if ever there was one. Interesting to see if his boss visits ground zero. Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men via,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay,0
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard,0
: 6f8df88b-3942-4058-a844-7382f06b4cff,0
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial,0
The Democratic leader doesn’t want witnesses any more than Republicans do—certainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Republicans to do the dirty work of voting down witnesses so he can shout coverup from here to November.,0
Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters. Regional grocery chains get squeezed by consolidation. “I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed.,0
Personalized learning at collegiate level ⁦@wef⁩ #Davos2020,0
Jeff Bezos and Prince Mohammed had dinner in Los Angeles and traded WhatsApp messages. Then their friendship unraveled, along with plans to build an Amazon data center in Saudi Arabia.,0
"The secrecy behind #shellcompanies —businesses that exist only on paper—is a clear and present danger.” #antimoneylaundering #aml #cft #moneylaundering #regulatorycompliance,0
👀 Keep your eyes open 👀 @fshakir @BernieSanders @BernieForIowa,0
@JackPosobiec @realDonaldTrump I wonder how many of Atlantic City contractors will be there ...the ones whose family’s Trump ruined when he stiffed them in a few of his many business/casino bankruptcies?,0
@senatemajldrCEBOOK Mitch Derangement, Syndrome Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her. Thank you, Senator McConnell. You are protecting the Constitution &amp; the balance of power between all three branches. So proud of you,0
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile.,0
Survivors Mark 75th Anniversary of Auschwitz Liberation - #MARGAUXMONET,0
California Regulators a Potential Obstacle to T-Mobile, Sprint Merger - #MONETCAPITALFUNDING,0
Local government are thinking about charging a fee for getting a tax abatement. The fee would be a % of the incentive and would fund the economic development agency. What could go wrong? New Jersey, take it from here.,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via,0
Books to snuggle up with all winter long: From the newest in fiction, to the classic reads we can’t put down right now. Here’s what the . staff is reading right now.,0
The administration thinks its "peace plan" has "tentative support from at least some Arab states," which almost certainly means the Gulf states won't publicly oppose it for fear of angering Trump, not that they will actively push this plan.,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay,0
@SnarkyBetoChick @Valgb1961 @D_jeneration 33% of black Democratic primary voters are backing Mr. Biden, according to a January poll by Quinnipiac University. Mr. Sanders was 9 percentage points behind at 24% support...Warren was at 8%... 12% didn't know,0
The Internet of Things Is Changing the World - “As a result, a series of unresolved arguments about ownership, data, surveillance, competition and security will spill over from the virtual world into the real one.” #IoT #Cyber #5G,0
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns,0
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Antiviral Therapies to China,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
I wish @3days3nights was still on here, he had an interesting 98.6 Thread... Anybody still have it? 98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore -,0
🇺🇸📰🗞️The Wall Street Journal . Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal #RumboAlCrecimientoProductivo (@IVANGZAMA @ivangarciazama @Notivargas @FOXMULDER7 @TecnicaHipica @diariopuerto @Diario_Pueblo_ @DiarioZama @RadioZama)🗞️📰🇺🇸,0
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal,0
Study finds that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
With growing public backlash over privacy issues, Silicon Valley executives are now publicly calling for new laws and hoping to help steer the outcome as much as possible #BCSTT,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
@realDonaldTrump #winning? How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela -,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang. How pandemics start.,0
BOLTON Wanted to BREAK the #constitution and use international law in order to wage war on North Korea. 18/23,0
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore,0
“NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the alliance’s mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for them to do more in the Middle East, officials said.”,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Hermès is leaping into makeup. For now, there is only lipstick, for $67, with refills for $42. It comes in 24 colors (plus three additional options every season, for $72 each) and two different textures.,0
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East,0
Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations,0
Our people stuck in China. Pray for them all! 🇺🇸❤️,0
I don't totally follow the science here, but fascinating to learn whether anti-viral drugs that treat HIV could be used to treat the newest coronavirus, as they apparently helped in dealing with SARS,0
'Why'-Doesn't-John-BOLTON ... Just March-Into-The-SENATE &amp;-Give-Them The-MONOCLE ... [All]-BLUSTER or-Is-He-Actually 'Scared'-of-SOMETHING!!!??? &gt;(*U^)&lt; (Joke),0
We are fortunate to have such a committed group of leaders to help transition folks from the penitentiary to productivity. Critical work by the private sector, w some public sector assistance, for a thriving democracy. Outstanding collaboration. #dignity,0
@mysillyplanet ....As Stock Market Crashes Trump Does Nothing to Allay Virus Fears...... ....."US markets closed down sharply overnight. The Dow Jones Industrial Index (INDU) fell 454 points".... #TuesdayMotivation #TrumpsMarket #tuesdayvibes,0
MotherJones.com-7/2/12: Romney Invested in Medical-Waste Firm That Disposed of Aborted Fetuses, (and supported Roe Vs Wade) Stericycle Inc: #EpsteinAssociates #c2cRino #c2cStericycle #c2cFetus #c2cPP #c2cCrematorium #c2cRoeVsWade,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial #BoltonMustTestify,0
@CPHO_Canada A former CDC director says we know hardly anything about the virus: So if we don't know much, then how are you confident that the risk is low? That is just presumptuous.,0
Sounds good to me! Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals,0
: a86a3a17-9b4b-4b66-840a-065c1acf0a98,0
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe -,0
‘He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world . . . in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does.’ via,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome -,0
T🇺🇸State Dpt has is­sued a travel ad­vi­sory, urg­ing Amer­i­cans to re­con­sider travel to🇨🇳due to the risk of in­fec­tion in ..quar­an­tines im­posed in nu­mer­ous cities around t coun­try. T CDC rec­om­mends avoid­ing all nonessen­tial travel to🇨🇳,0
@jasoncrawford If words aren’t tied to very precise meanings their meanings drift over time. John McWhorter has written some interesting things along these lines on how difficult it is to understand Shakespeare:,0
.@KingAbdullahII Any Plan should come before the Quartet extended to Israeli and Palestinians for it is amended and voted by a two thirds majority plus my vote which makes seven votes. I support a Palestinian capital in al Quds.,0
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via,0
“If, as planned, AKK succeeds Angela Merkel as chancellor, the two most powerful people in the EU will be hawkish German ex-defense ministers.”,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Was already a fan of @Target Same day pick up over Amazon’s one day delivery (better for environment + workers rights) but even more impressed after reading about the strategy that allowed for it,0
It's not easy finding birthday giveaways, but persistence pays,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale,0
BITCH GRUNT! WHY WOULD I TESTIFY WHEN I CAN COMPLAIN, BOAST, AND LIE: McConnell had a choice, to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective. He chose effective. By ⁦wjmcgurn⁩ — Brit Hume (brithume) January 28, 2020,0
"Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency" This is how centralized governance failed to deal with emergency like this one.,0
: 35a13bef-be17-4caa-bdf4-f98b16f4aaaa,0
: 03962198-ff83-4cbc-99a2-1082d5c56213,0
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations,0
For those of you interested in combating the very hegemonic idea of the "living constitution", this is a welcome respite.,0
editorial board: "All Mr. Bolton reportedly adds is news of a conversation in which Mr. Trump made a direct connection between the two that nearly everyone already assumed. This still isn’t close to a high crime or misdemeanor.”,0
Get a look at the future of flight with the company pioneering one of the world’s first electric planes. via @Honeywell,0
The Fed Won’t Take Away Markets’ Punch Bowl:,0
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard,0
This is so true! - A great illustration of how estate dispositive plans change over time! @Pfwright The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat -,0
U.S. #Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat #Coronavirus with #HIV #drugs #China #Japan #US #SouthKorea #Canada #Australia #HongKong #Wuhan #Beijeng #UK #Malaysia #Singapore #LosAngeles #France #Thailand #Nepal #Vietnam #Taiwan #economy,0
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility -,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
This could be a problem, voting app in Iowa.,0
#Biden, #Burisma and the #Obama Administration Why didn’t White House lawyers manage the Ukraine conflict of interest?,0
Given immigrants can't get most US welfare programs, is this unreasonable? "educational attainment, their health, &amp; whether their income is less than 125% of the federal poverty level...could make it less likely for an immigrant" to get permanent residency,0
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via,0
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions -,0
The editorial board is calling on Amb. Bolton to tell all- even if it’s not on the Senate floor.,0
Remember when...,0
Good article.,0
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the average human temperature anymore. Theories? #health #epidemiology #History via by @mcjomcg,0
Why is this news? @michaellewis wrote about this a half decade ago. And what was done about it...,0
Heirs no longer want to inherit furs, once a sign of wealth. Estate planning has to be customized.,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela -,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in #Venezuela Interesting read.,0
“I read a couple of Anita Brookner’s novels this fall. Though 'Hotel du Lac' won her the Booker Prize in 1984, I loved 'Look at Me' just as much for its look at how glamour and other people’s lives fascinate us,” writes @laneflorsheim.,0
Ol' #CocaineMitch is really setting the Dem's hair on fire. Nice. via,0
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role in the Senate trial isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - #coverupmitch,0
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via,0
When pet damage is significant, a home could appraise at 2% to 5% less, said one home appraiser we spoke to. via,0
: 1fad59f3-bde1-4bc9-ac33-1ce7b1b5563d,0
Text messages that Jeff Bezos’ girlfriend provided to her brother are among the materials prosecutors are reviewing as part of an extortion probe via,0
@RepLeeZeldin @JohnCornyn Former national security adviser John Bolton wrote in a draft of his forthcoming book that Mr. Trump told him in August that he wanted to freeze aid to Ukraine until the country aided investigations into Democrats, including the Bidens.,0
Germany's chancellor in waiting shares her plans to make Germany great again. Also, she talks about God.,0
This is even more important than the actual ruling in the case. These nationwide injunctions need to end now.,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields -,0
: Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind.,0
Here’s a swing tip China (where most of this s*** origins), stop eating bats, rats, mice, snakes and possum. Ughhh. Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
Bolton refused to testify unless he was subpoenaed!! The house had their chance!,0
The #coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
@TRUMPSUSAMAGA Cato Institute is liberal? They are a liberatrian think tank? Forbes is liberal? Steve Forbed Republican. That's remarkably unaware of you. Considering you haven't linked one article denying the growing economy Trump inherited is not surprising.,0
Commodity prices slump on coronavirus fears,0
“Nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense — You cannot turn conduct that is not impeachable into impeachable conduct simply by using words like quid-pro-quo and personal benefit.”,0
Warren moved to establish “direct lines of communication w/execs of the most powerful financial firms n/d country.” While she attempted to project a hardline, no-nonsense attitude against Wall Street giants, she struck a friendly tone behind closed doors.,0
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations.,0
@SenJeffMerkley And yet, a constitutional law scholar says... #impeachmentsham,0
Shadow Banks Come Into the Light in Global Lending:,0
The White House is scrambling to respond to former aide John Bolton’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
Letters: Why So Many Midcareer Doctors Burn Out,0
: b3701317-9be9-4ac2-8d2b-fcdbb872c6bf,0
It’s no secret curb appeal helps sell a home, but a new algorithm is helping researchers determine just how much it adds to a property’s value. via,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial,0
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns via @BernieSanders #NotMeUs Keep our eyes wide OPEN,0
@zerohedge Shanghai Building Collapses, Nearly Intact &gt;,0
Yes, we are tired of unaccountable global elites. We want the Nation State to guarantee our freedoms.,0
“Let me repeat: Nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, would rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense....” #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica,0
Some Re­pub­li­cans said the ground had shifted after the Bolton revelations. “I’m not go­ing to deny it’s go­ing to change the deci­bel level and prob­a­bly the in­ten­sity at which we go about talk­ing about wit­nesses,” said ⁦@SenatorBraun⁩.,0
"if" means hell yes he did it, so what?,0
"As Virus Spreads, Isolated Taiwan Risks Being a Loophole in War on Epidemics - " ( ),0
The U.S. is deploying a carrier strike group and a number of bombers to the Middle East to serve as a deterrent to Iran via,0
More racism in action by an administration that does not know the meaning of compassion. With these criteria, most descendants of Europeans in the US. Shame on the Trump administration. Compassion, justice and peace for all—no exceptions!,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela | |,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus Consider the Spanish flu, which killed 50 million in 1918-19 as governments at war suppressed the news.,0
"If someone is making money in a way that most people do not understand, most people will vote for someone to redistribute that money in a way the most people will understand." Says a subscriber in comment to an article about HFT.,0
I said Hunter was not someone you would want to hire Why? Hunter was dishonorably disch from the Military Then all these Lefties say "that's not true" So I pull up the Wall Street Journal link to the article,0
@realDonaldTrump Still not ratified by Canada and will come into effect 90 days after last country ratifies. So what are they celebrating.,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
Billie Eilish was the first artist to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981,0
Utter Rubbish From Mr. Underwear. Trump DID violate Impeachment Control Act. If not, where is his ltr 2 Congress b 4 he "paused" delayed that money, citing ALL reasons for doing so? Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via,0
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via,0
"The Justice rebukes the growing practice of lower courts ruling beyond the parties to a specific case." Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - #MAGA,0
Liz Moore, the author of "Heft" returns with "Long Bright River," a thriller about two sisters on opposite sides of Philadelphia’s drug epidemic.,0
@realDonaldTrump Randy Perkins donated $500,000 to America First Action, a pro-Trump super PAC. The same PAC was dubbed “Committee 1” in a federal indictment alleging illegal donations from two Rudy Giuliani associates.,0
I wrote about the broader phenomenon of Iranian travelers (including green card holders and U.S. citizens of Iranian birth) being questioned extensively by immigration and customs officials,0
@realDonaldTrump "I feel like my family left me.",0
In defending Trump, did the editorial board just lie? In today’s opinion piece they said ‘the U.S. aid [to Ukraine] was delivered on time”. Seriously?,0
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus -,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus. Helpful info from ’s ⁦@betswrites⁩:,0
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via @sprint,0
AbbVie and Johnson &amp; Johnson are among the companies that have started shipping drugs approved to treat HIV, answering Chinese authorities’ calls to test potential treatments for the Wuhan coronavirus.,0
@Acosta Giuliani only need a million rubles.,0
“I have no life,” Mr. Gratteri said in his soft Calabrian accent. He travels between his home and office in a bulletproof car and rarely goes anywhere else. He hasn’t been to the beach or to the cinema in over 20 years.”,0
Thanks @betswrites for keeping us current on #coronarvirues #coronavirususa -,0
Deadly infection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening consumer spending and the country’s economy,0
Excellent primer on the coronavirus via ⁦@betswrites⁩,0
Newmont’s push to attract more investors comes after Barrick Gold made inroads with its $6 billion acquisition via,0
See Liz's quote here. She is a lawyer motivated by virtue. Dershowitz is not.,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Lease-Accounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says,0
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via Fact is Nothing Stopped Financial Aid to Ukraine...Complete #FakeNews @CNN to Fool US Voters...,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says via . @tradernickfx read this .....👑,0
Ebullient Mood in Davos Should Put Investors on Edge:,0
Here's how to upgrade your home-theater game before this year's Super Bowl,0
Markets don't appear to believe in the purchase promises in the US-China trade deal, at least as far soybeans are signaling. #trade #Asia,0
@SenSchumer We have the facts right here, Chuckie. Pelosi blew it. The end.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
: 4fe1a8ee-9a02-41d7-af82-1ee4b5be998a,0
#Israeli Prime Minister and His Political Rival to Meet With #Trump on Peace Plan. Benny Gantz said he would meet with Trump separately from Prime Minister Netanyahu, in a move to cultivate constructive ties with the U.S. president,0
Like Trump has said, he can stand in the middle of 5th ave and shoot someone and he won’t lost any support, I am not surprised, they all got their blinders on Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable,0
"The Puffin Foundation, with more than $14 million in assets split between two independent entities, were seeded with the fortune Mr. Rosenstein made in the Allen screw business.",0
Pegging rate is a tool that will do more harm than good, especially if inflation picks up... #QE #FED #economy,0
This was obvious from the start, Democrats have nothing. #ImpeachedForLife #impeachment,0
@WhiteHouse @Scavino45 Didn't @SecPompeo just ask a reporter “Do you think Americans care about Ukraine?” Reports say he did...very strongly...,0
But our regulator says everything is fine and no one is guilty??? Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
Your Mutual-Fund and ETF Fees Might Still Vary More Than They Should. Mutual Fund Fee Maze? Let eCIO help navigate the course. #mutualfund #nonprofit #investing,0
Stocks Drop on Coronavirus Fears,0
This is some bullshit.,0
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at impeachment trial,0
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower. Great example by another “mature” athlete.,0
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via,0
.@AlanDersh is a flip-flopper...which is more than he was wearing when he received a “massage” from the sex trafficking victim at Epstein’s Pedophile Palace.,0
@Reuters @senatemajldr @SpeakerPelosi @SenSanders @FT @CNBC @Forbes @FoxNews @SenateGOP @NRO @Harpers @NPR @nypost Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations Some Republican senators say manuscript bolsters case for further testimony,0
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency -,0
“Never before has there been such a force to transcend the sectarian identity,” says ⁦@AcrossTheBay⁩, the @FDD’s veteran observer.”,0
@OptimusForPrez @NicholasNieblas @gaiabiz @HouseGOP @RepAdamSchiff Really? Are you sure you really want to do that?! Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the Wuhan virus, as it was for SARS in 2003.,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag,0
It's a disgrace that the federal government is charging Americans for evacuation from Wuhan.,0
@IvankaTrump @SBAgov Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani.,0
From Discover on Google,0
"U.S. consumers have seen prices rise for washing machines because of the tariffs." Of course. #protectionism #TheSwamp via,0
Global property market a bit shaky despite global economic growth. Ominous sign???,0
From opinion: “Stakeholder capitalism” empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder,0
"For Li, it’s the only time in seven or eight years that he’s been the man of the moment. It’s a huge opportunity for him." | @LowyInstitute's @mcgregorrichard,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via,0
: bc31bd4a-c8f4-4f44-bfc0-edc0089889fe,0
Bringing up his patriotism and his parents immigration history, @AlanDersh also tried to address #Constitutional law of #Impeachment. Alas, it did not work effectively😳 #Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via,0
I second Jesse's take on the existence, and timing, of,0
this is who is running Treasury under Trump,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via,0
@timesofindia we should find out why so many approval for project was given at the same time,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via,0
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus -,0
@JulianNoel666 @CNN @washingtonpost @nytimes Yes I have watched it and couple of more similar to this. I think this article by must be nominated as #ArticleOf2019,0
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown - The Wall Street Journal #housing #Vancouver #development #planning #letstalkhousing,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton book wouldn't be impeachable,0
Forget the Frenchie toque and starched apron. One chef is making chef jumpsuits—part of a suite of new collaborations in the fashion-meets-culinary space:,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.⁦@iandenisjohnson⁩ ⁦@raykwong⁩,0
Definitely true in #ATX. Average wage for teachers in child care: $10-14/hour. Just found Indeed posts for dog-walkers: $14-21/hour &amp; $20-30/hour. Guess that show what our community values. Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. -,0
How Schools Can Get Children to Eat Their Vegetables,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness,0
Just a friendly reminder homebirth midwives are an undervalued resource for disaster response. Access to skilled maternity care in non-hospital settings can be life saving. #coronavirus #pandemic #diasterresponse #homebirth #midwives @world_midwives,0
Heightened U.S. Aviation Security Focus on Iran Travelers Draws Scrutiny - via @NewslitCo,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life -,0
Grocers testing micro-fulfillment centers --,0
@aseitzwald @lisabonos @chrismeagher My version of this story was way pre-Tinder,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
John Kim, former president of New York Life Insurance, kicks off his new venture fund, Brewer Lane Ventures, by investing in Socotra.,0
U.S. Warns Iraq It Risks Losing Access to Key Bank Account if Troops Told to Leave -,0
A Boundary-Busting Artist Seeks to ‘Learn Through the Chaos’ Two years after graduating art school, Vaughn Spann has museums collecting his work and a solo show opening in New York,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California - $KOAN #CannabisCommunity,0
Scale can be a burden for incumbent auto makers, one reason investors flock to Tesla.  ,0
World’s Most Expensive Precious Metal Surges Amid Emissions Clampdown:,0
“We don’t know how infectious it is, we don’t know how severe it is, and we don’t know how it’s spreading,” a former CDC director says of China’s coronavirus,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
@NSEIndia @BSEIndia @ProsaicView @suchetadalal Are these the high end Chitra Ramakrishnas and Subramaniam Anands ? Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
Hong Kong is in recession as fears of the coronavirus outbreak spreads. #cherribi,0
S H O C K I N G H O C K I N G,0
@GOPLeader @HouseGOP Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani.,0
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Meet ‘Chet.’ His Employer Knows What Time He Woke Up Today. via Graphics,0
Wow! Via “...the U.S. campaign spiraled into a foreign-policy debacle, thwarted by familiar adversaries, #Russia and #Cuba, as well as allies, #Turkey and #India—all countries that one way or another helped #Venezuela sidestep U.S. sanctions”,0
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency -,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Stocks and oil prices fell as the widening virus outbreak threatened to disrupt travel. However, Euro Stocks went up higher; where as China stocks are not revealed due to CNY holidays.,0
Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens via,0
As #Roundup settlements talks heat up, .@FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati talks to the about trial strategy and next steps with the #MDL by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life -,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance - a comprehensive insightful look at today in history by ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ &amp; ⁦@siobhanehughes⁩,0
The helicopter crash that killed basketball great Kobe Bryant and his daughter also claimed the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of the sports community in Orange County, where Bryant lived,0
Shadow Banks Come Into the Light in Global Lending - #GoogleAlerts,0
4/5 High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
What to Know About the New Chinese #Coronavirus from the assiduous .@betswrites via,0
4/5 High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations - insightful by ⁦@MichaelCBender⁩ &amp; ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via,0
When the 's @ChipCutter asked me if we had an employee orchestra, I said I wasn't sure but wouldn't be surprised. That convo led me to a huge group of passionate musicians who perform 80+ person concerts all year long. This was so fun to work on:,0
The goes full Nazi:,0
@briebriejoy Why didn't you support the candidate with the most diverse, most working-class coalition in 2016?,0
China’s Xi Gives His No. 2 a Rare Chance to Shine in Coronavirus Fight, With Risks for Both –,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay,0
The Wall Street Journal: "U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - The Wall Street Journal",0
Over a year later and this “long-shot bid” isn’t seeming like such a long-shot anymore,0
Tool from startup Pearl Inc. shows insurers whether the same X-ray was used for more than one patient and whether a procedure was necessary #dental #fraud #insurance,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
@GoldStarMom Absolutely. No national angst about this:,0
@joshtpm This article from 1999, by the author of “The Language of Law and the Foundations of American Constitutionalism,” and Director of the Bicentennial of the Constitution, is enlightening,0
@JoshuaLegere @chargrille @bceyre22 @CA_bobby77 @MSL19611 @B_L_Mencken @hfpnygiants @GCForcina @ewarren @SenSanders You do your own research; I'm not your research assistant.,0
Masks are less effective, as these #droplets can travel farther and in unpredictable paths affected by wind and other gusts. The droplets can be inhaled around the sides of the masks. #Coronavirus #Masks,0
Then lets get rid of CCP!!! China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus -,0
Like Warren G. Harding, Joe Biden is running on a return to normalcy. And it’s working, even if some of his ideas aren’t really unifying, writes @kyleopeterson via,0
A decade ago, ‘the fight was against one man,’ says one observer. ‘Now it’s against the entire system.’,0
@ChrisVanHollen I thought this video is of Joe Biden bragging about threatening to withhold $1B to fire the prosecutor leading a corruption probe of his son helped.,0
Disease-modeling experts at Imperial College London estimated late last week that on average, each infected person transmitted #coronavirus to 2.6 others. WHO said last week early indications were 1.4 - 2.5, far lower than measles.,0
@angie_rasmussen Just like #BigPharma!,0
Shale producers are under pressure as investors sour on the sector,0
Supermarkets are adding highly automated micro=fulfillment centers to tap into the fast-growing grocery delivery market. via,0
SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new #coronavirus have died. Many of those who have died are elderly or have other illnesses such as diabetes.,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via Loved some V.I. back in the day!,0
Reading ... - How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela : The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies. The opposition meanwhile is in disarray and is losing…,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid,0
Major win for the rule of law from SCOTUS today. This is another example of the @realDonaldTrump Administration ensuring that those we welcome to our country will be able to contribute to our rocket ship economy.,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.,0
Meadows Accuses Democrats of Orchestrating Bolton Book Leak via,0
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism,0
Trump--not just hateful and stupid, but also incompetent. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
ECB Indicates It Will Leave Negative Rates In Place for Some Time:,0
Clinton Prosecutor Starr: Impeachment Is Becoming Too Frequent via,0
What happens when a bunch of musically inclined Salesforce employees find each other? "Cloudy With a Chance of Beatbox," their in-house a cappella group.,0
Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via,0
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career: by @Katie_Roof &amp; @marcvarta #sportstech,0
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via,0
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric,0
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via,0
Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
A career State Department official overseeing Ukraine policy told congressional investigators that he had raised concerns in early 2015 about then-VP #JoeBiden’s son serving on the board of a Ukrainian energy company but was turned away by a Biden staffer.,0
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism,0
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies -,0
: f58d9d23-49b3-4068-b5ad-b3a246e6f260,0
How a tech company’s top two bosses took paternity leave at the same time, and everyone benefited via More new fathers are getting a taste of the pressures that working mothers have faced for decades. @biz @alexisohanian @PattyArquette @manishm345,0
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via,0
Dershowitz calls "abuse of power" campaign rhetoric,0
#ChuckSchumer said Mr. #Bolton’s allegation “essentially confirms the president committed the offenses charged in the 1st article of #impeachment” He added:“How can Senate Republicans not vote to call that witness &amp; request his documents?” #BoltonTestify,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
You Thought Brexit Was Hard. Try Starting a Museum in Its Honor.,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome -,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Target a US retailer has - 3,200+ full-time software developers - Focus on customer loyalty programs. Imagine DMART repeating this in few years for India...Power of AI,0
“You’re still too low level for flight following at this time.” The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life -,0
@meaganmday @Wade_Turnbull You know people who didn't use financial leverage to drive a recession in another EU member state.,0
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups! #MusicMonday,0
Yea, so? At what point do we say enough with Venezuela? ⁦@RosneftEN⁩ trades their oil? Shut them down! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@KellyannePolls⁩ #Elliott Abrams,0
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @DeceptionBytes and fellow #Anons #Bezos girlfriend has been singing...like #AllisonMack #QAnon,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
@HouseGOP Seriously? Gaslighting your own @GOP base with LIES... they should be insulted, but guessing they’re simply ill-informed and wish to stay that way? Unbelievable. Really. #GOPCoverup #DemocracyOnTrial #ExGOP #WitnessesAndDocuments #WhatAreTheyHiding,0
My heart breaks for people suffering and having to choose between food and survival over citizenship.,0
Wall Street Journal writing about how people don’t want their rich ancestors’ fur coats....,0
Story is above all telling as to how many countries simply brushed off US policy in our own back yard. China, Russia, UAE, sure, to be expected. But Turkey and India basically laughed in our face. Unpleasant. #MAGA indeed. 1/2,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with Deloitte COE @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via,0
@RuroninSC @LeeHolly81 @realDonaldTrump @maggieNYT Like I said, there are individuals who disagree.,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via,0
@davidamichaels markets The fund's big losses when the S&amp;P 500 jumped to records in 2017 became the talk of Wall Street: @chrisdieterich,0
It's a good day. Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - The Wall Street Journal. Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions,0
3/5 Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
The defense strategy hinges on the idea that the producer’s accusers were exploiting him for access to his industry contacts and success. via,0
Catalyst Capital Advisors, which bought and sold options, lost $700 million on bearish bets. It settled claims with regulators that it misled investors about procedures for limiting losses. Paid $10.5 million. via @davidamichaels markets,0
The State Department is organizing a flight out of virus-hit Wuhan to extricate diplomats and a limited number of private U.S. citizens,0
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors.: #Fed #MonetaryPolicy #inflation #PCE #CPI,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time.,0
Is “phenomenon” the most used billie eilish metaphor?,0
: 05bda67e-1be9-4f3a-b088-c01f91ff976c,0
The John Bolton Report,0
"Polygenic scores are ...causal in only one direction. They don’t drop because tests make you nervous or rise because you grew up rich. They’re impervious to racism and other forms of prejudice.",0
@LincolnKupchak @corbijo @JoshuaPotash @AlexandraChalup You would literally have to be TRYING to be uniformed to not know. It’s common knowledge.,0
@AmoneyResists They scratched the surface,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay WILL THEY BE PLACED IN ISOLATION FOR 2 OR MORE WEEKS SO AS TO NOT SPREAD THRU AMERICA???,0
“Probably bats are the origin from looking at the virus itself, and it got from bats into people in the wildlife market. This is absolutely déjà vu all over again from SARS.”,0
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Trial,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City,0
“If you want to know what a Trump second term would be like without a GOP House or Senate, think Richard Nixon in 1974...” Um, you know how Nixon’s second term ended, right?,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs via #2 - Poor customer service &amp; a CEO focused on profits b4 safety and passengers-that is why I don't fly @American any longer.,0
From Discover on Google,0
Very interesting perspective! via,0
U.S. drugmakers AbbVie and Johnson &amp; Johnson are shipping drugs approved to treat HIV to Chinese health authorities to see whether they might help contain coronavirus. @JaredSHopkins,0
The organization Baby2Baby has distributed 40 million diapers to date. Three years ago, it moved into disaster relief, helping low-income families affected by hurricanes, wildfires and other catastrophes.,0
State Department urges Americans to reconsider travel to China due to the risk of coronavirus infection; CDC recommends avoiding all nonessential travel to China,0
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. Via ⁦@coryramey⁩,0
Buttigieg is silent on an innovative snd successful charter school program for poor and minority kids because it offends Unions. Pete and the Purdue Charter,0
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial,0
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs - #1 - Article suggests customers have left AA and SWA for Delta and others because of the lack of the flying MAX8. Utter nonsense.,0
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
Fakes in the Warehouse; Micro Logistics Strategies; Apple’s Supplier Tactics: Today’s Top Supply Chain &amp; Logistics News via,0
What do my fellow social scientists think? #AcademicTwitter #AcademicChatter,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Devin Archer, Hunter Biden - Burisma Board Christopher Heinz, Senator John Kerry Stepson Chris Heinz, college roommate Devin Archer Devin Archer, Chris Heinz, Hunter Biden investment firm; Rosemont Seneca Partners @JoeBiden , @JohnKerry 🛏️ No wonder,0
The  coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland.,0
The U.N enables Cuba’s slave doctors. Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG,0
Sigh. Need to get my butt off the couch.,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
@dbongino Many of us have not forgotten the hateful manner he conducted himself when Trump was first running. He is the epitome of a vindictive and shallow person.,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
California regulators could potentially scuttle the $26 billion merger between T-Mobile and Sprint,0
Tech Earnings Will Test Rally in Growth Stocks Microsoft, Facebook and Apple, among other companies, will report results this week,0
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis.,0
Bolton Concerns About Giuliani in Ukraine, National security adviser John Bolton warned U.S. diplomats in June that Rudy Giuliani, President Trump’s personal attorney, could pose an obstacle to improving the White House’s relations with Ukraine, 10/2019,0
: 0f44edd1-5415-433b-b5bc-0234650e8c07,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
@DeanneBranch11 @SenatorLankford so should @DevinNunes and @MickMulvaneyOMB,0
@jaymarriotti @michael_loomer @bacchaus351 @FlyStatement @S_a_r_a_h_____ @Thomas1774Paine @FluffsterP @realDonaldTrump @DilleyShow And Canadians flock to America for medical care.,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
Just as Goldilocks takes a spoonful of porridge and finds that it is “just right,” so a small child can relax into the experience of being read a picture book. via,0
I took the test, no surprise, I’m a solid Harry. The Harry-or-William leadership dilemma,0
The Wall Street Journal: New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown. via @GoogleNews,0
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. via,0
“Never before has there been such a force to transcend the sectarian identity”: @AcrossTheBay,0
So, so sad. Wow 💔🥺,0
@SenatorLankford let him and mulvaney along with nunez all give insight under oath. care to exlain why these guys disagree?,0
Apparently Billie Eilish isn’t just big on streaming but she sells a lot of vinyl too.,0
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies -,0
An insightful summary of a finding by MIT Sloan Management Review 2019 about why "many AI initiatives fail". One key takeaway from it is don't limit AI strategy to IT strategy. The beauty shall be appreciated not by the CTOs but CEOs. via #BCSTT #D,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay But, if no symptoms show for 10 days while people ARE infected...they cannot all be "screened"...#iwonder if an 11+ day quarantine might not be better for public health?,0
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower,0
Insightful article discussing the uncertainties in planning by the retail industry because of shifting consumer preferences. As provider #healthsystems become more consumer focused, they will encounter some of the same uncertainties.,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
@JoeBiden @adamschiff Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
"The rules have the potential to reshape the type of immigrants who are allowed into the U.S. and significantly curb the number of people granted permanent residence each year." #immigration #PublicCharge,0
#Americans must reconsider #travel to #Asia Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
I see you. The anxious people, gauging my abilities in the exit row. The hungry people, packing tuna fish in a closed cabin. The parents, trying to talk softly, but needing to lay down the law. But the barefoot people? I’m sorry. This is NOT the way.,0
Absolutely important for traditional businesses to pick up hacks from platform companies to keep themselves relevant. "buy online pick up in store services, accounted for 80% of digital growth in the company’s most recent quarter.",0
John Bolton is a staunch conservative credible with Republicans and is not a man who will back down from his principles. The exact reasons why the statements in his book regarding the Ukraine are a problem for the Trump Administration. #ImpeachmentTrials,0
Rose Byrne chats about her favorite places in Australia, her go-to cocktail in Manhattan and why she has a "problem" with buying baskets,0
REPOST: Magnified by the internet’s algorithms, our primitive biases make our fears go viral.,0
“This time it feels different,” says Adla Massoud, a Lebanese documentary filmmaker. “It’s not only about governance,” she says. “It’s about what it means to be Lebanese, regardless of religion, class or clan.” #lebanon #protests #hezbollah,0
Antivaccine misinformation is spreading in India on WhatsApp: A Unicef official says rumors on the messaging app “travel faster than the vaccines” via,0
With the influx of public protests in Iran, the Iranian government is working to find ways to prevent future protests and find ways to mend the situation at hand. #cherribi #zohor,0
@jpaula58 @ray2272 @kasie @AdamSchiff Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
@JohnJHarwood Two spectacular instances of hackery in same day. #HackMadness . Not sure what BS anna navarro is up to...but no way she's a bigger hack than you.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
Global warming? Here's a worldwide *cooling* trend.,0
XPO Logistics desired more sales, and made effort on strategic alternatives through advises from top operators and advisers. #6029 @SOPHIA33277 Company hires financial advisers as it shifts from buyer to seller in freight logistics market 来自,0
Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her.,0
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to heal rifts opened amid protests and U.S. pressure,0
With 100,000 emerging cases of the coronavirus, the Dow drops over 450 points as there is a growing fear that the outbreak in China will result in slowed global economic growth. #cherribi #zohor,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - #Oil #maduro #Venezuela #UAE #Russia #Guaido #Putin #Iran #India #sanctions #Cuba #Florida #Trump #Bolton #ElliotAbrams #Inflation #Rosneft #gold #US #WilburRoss,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
❤️YES❤️🇺🇸Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Former national security adviser John Bolton is a potential problem for President Trump on several fronts.,0
Snarled with historic traffic jams, cities across the country are targeting one battleground: the curb. They are turning to what government officials and urban planners call “curb management strategies” to fight congestion. / #curbspace #curbingconflicts,0
Israel Prepares to Unleash AI on Health Care -,0
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981,0
: 6941b164-8952-4e6d-a5f8-bbe6bb6b71b6,0
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout, by @catherine_lucey,0
graphic sans text from this #coronoavirus #2019nCoV story,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape #Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via #CoronaVirus,0
Opinion: NSA's John Bolton on Global Dictators, Trump and the Media,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
""I want you to die feeling loved and peaceful." I begged him to reconsider, he refused. His eyes went flat. A bullish, macho cloud enveloped him. “It’s my life, sweetheart. This seems like the best option.”” #mondaythoughts #dad #love #endings #choice,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
After the global economy grew at its slowest rate last year since the financial crisis in 2008, the housing market is suspected to face an unexpected decline #cherribi #zohor,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
@alanhe @JaxAlemany @SenJoniErnst Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani.,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Did you forget about all those Google antitrust probes in progress? These state attorneys general sure haven’t…,0
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China via,0
The new Outback includes tech that allows you to catch up on texts and calls at stop lights. Auto columnist Dan Neil takes this city-slick Subaru for a spin.,0
As we got more news on the #people #who #died #alongside #KobeBryant. What a massive lost. We sympathiz with all the families that are morning the lost of their loved one. 😱,0
Streetwear by and for women is disrupting a category that has long focused on men’s silhouettes and sizing. Meet the new crop of designers getting recognition from both customers and industry powers including LVMH, Adidas and Kanye West:,0
The Wall Street Journal: New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown. via @GoogleNews,0
The independent workforce is increasingly being tapped for highly skilled, larger strategic project work,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand Over Next Two Years,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay,0
A decade ago, ‘the fight was against one man,’ says one observer. ‘Now it’s against the entire system.’ #lebanon,0
Sharing a Leadership perspective from our own CEO @dhelfrich21. Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center,0
@risetoflyy his final NBA game in 2016, the helicopter Mr. Bryant used was wrapped in black and dressed with his personal logo. Sounds like a different helicopter.,0
Im laughing. If an immigration officer thinks someone will use Medicaid or food stamps or other services like those,, they can bar them from coming to the US. If they THINK. Because they don’t have a right to these services? Too much power in wrong hands,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
There is fear, uncertainty and resignation in #Wuhan as Americans await a government evacuation flight out tonight. Many are forced to ask the tough question: do we go or stay with our Chinese families? Our dispatch: @jamestareddy and @Liz_in_Shanghai,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
.⁦opinion⁩ my Tuesday column: remember “tribes with flags”? In Lebanon, Iraq and elsewhere, people are tired of tribalism, ready to rally around the flag,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome -,0
My mom, my aunt, my cousin... we all turned down my grandmother’s fur coat when she passed away. Her cleaning lady ended up taking it home and she loves it....,0
: b1a47fd0-7d40-4f89-9351-94652329627a,0
Given the amount of business travel I experience, I have seen the atrocities. #Barefoot should be allowed if and ONLY if your feet do not smell and you refrain from placing them any place other than the floor.,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via,0
⁦@theMMPodcast ⁦@billburr⁩ -⁩ disgusting! Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers,0
#WR: The delay allowed the disease to spread rapidly as medical staff took fewer precautions. One patient with coronavirus reportedly infected 14 hospital staff members in Wuhan. " via,0
The U.S. hopes to complete a new trade agreement with the U.K. by the end of this year, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said,0
@TheGoldenRam33 @IGGYAZALEA This was not a good idea in 2019 &amp; early 2020: "The helicopter's exterior was meant to evoke the skin of a snake",0
Hopefully leaders at #Davos2020 will leave and work on concrete actions to tackle the climate crisis (even if they formulate them on their private jets),0
Shkreli, Associate Tried to Block Generic Versions of Drug, Suit Claims,0
Planters paused promos around Mr. Peanut's death because Kobe Bryant died, but the peanut-mascot funeral is still on for the Super Bowl,0
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus -,0
In #Italy, fans, friends and players remember #KobeBryant, the #NBA legend who learned basketball there via,0
“On Sunday, authorities imposed a temporary nationwide ban on the trade of wild animals and quarantined all wildlife breeding centers.” #CoronaOutbreak #ChinaVirus #China,0
The Wall Street Journal: Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers. via @GoogleNews,0
#ECU4842 The analytics collected from this feature might provide #PESTEL technological analysis on common characteristic of predators. Might give AI researchers a #opportunity for training systems to find predator accounts on different apps / contexts.,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
It makes sense, but TIL that helicopters follow highways for their routes The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Neiman Marcus Borrowed to Cover Summer Cash Burn -,0
Letters: In Waters vs. Dershowitz, Maxine Has the Better Impeachment Case via,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - - via @shareaholic,0
Dershowitz calls "abuse of power" allegation campaign rhetoric,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
@JoanieTX @Faith18Shields @tommarcus @MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump @wef Beau Biden's relationship to China was to get investment capital for a group that he was working for here in the United States. This money did not go to him. It was for the firm he represented.,0
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board,0
@KimStrassel via @BreitbartNews Congratulations to make America will save him. They call him into our agricultural product into office on their exports to make we,0
The Department of Transportation proposes allowing only service dogs trained to help travelers with physical or psychiatric disorders to fly for free via,0
"Because the CCP cares more about its social control than the well-being of China’s people, a similar situation [to the Spanish Flu] is imaginable today." NB: stability is the #1 priority, not health or disease.,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus -,0
@PramilaJayapal @BernieSanders Socialism for the 99% bad. Socialism for the 1% good.,0
‘It Was a Horror’: Students Attacked by Masked Marauders at an Indian University Several witnesses and victims said local police and campus security officials were absent or even stood by as the rampage unfolded.,0
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships,0
I’m hard pressed to think of anyone less credible than Bolton.,0
Fully AGREE!,0
SRCL Is this the same Stericycle where Mitt Romney invested his money?,0
For senators serving as impeachment jurors and presidential candidates at the same time, this is what weekends are like,0
@SenSchumer @nytimes In this article, he says he wants a trail and lists all the people he would like to testify. Makes no meeting mention of him being scared of witnesses or documents. Either Chuck is lying, or the author is. Which is it?,0
@aanthony2020 @JulieWinnMusic @PramilaJayapal @BernieSanders Are you worried about socializing the stock market? This should scare the shit out of you then,0
"Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations. Some Republican senators say manuscript bolsters case for further testimony.",0
The rapid turn on Bolton, a fixture in conservative circles for decades, was a striking reminder of how officials have struggled to leave Trump administration posts unscathed.,0
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships - Wall Street Journal #IntelligentAutomation,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus. Very little is still known about this virus, which for the moment carries the scientific name 2019-nCoV, meaning “novel coronavirus.”,0
Check this out if you teach statistics:,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
After basketball, one of Kobe Bryant's competitive second acts was tech investing. The venture/ startup sector pays tribute. Story w/ @Katie_Roof,0
“Almost half of the $1.5B in #Venezuelan crude exported to #India in the nine months after the U.S. #sanctions was purchased by an Indian joint venture with #Russia’s #oil giant, #Rosneft... India pays for the deliveries in #gasoline...”,0
Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy,0
“President Trump’s Middle East peace plan, to be formally unveiled Tuesday, is a detailed blueprint of more than 50 pages that outlines his administration’s ideas about how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem...”,0
@JAHaluska @ChicagoCouncil The accepted term is The North. There were long debates about this years ago.,0
I would ask for a parachute if I saw this next to me,0
What to Know About the New Chinese #Coronavirus,0
“AbbVie, Gilead, others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test effectiveness against deadly respiratory illness”,0
@troyd just googled helicopter crash victims and this was one of the first results.,0
the answer is only yes if you own the plane, right?,0
For First Time, J&amp;J CEO Testifies in a Talcum-Powder Court Case #tuckcc,0
#WR: This is a paragraph to remark "Any country would struggle to cope with a viral outbreak of this scale, but the deficiencies in China’s public-health system are endemic. " via,0
@lunibin @BernieSanders Less than this.,0
“They came of age in the 2000s. Most are too young to remember the Chicago Bulls of the 1990s and the player he was always compared with. Kobe Bryant was their Michael Jordan.”,0
@Alex_Bishop_91 @BernieSanders The Fed is thinking about going nuclear on socialism. I don't see you complaining about this.,0
give us your tired... your ... financially independent? i for one would not be here if that were the mantra on the statue of liberty. so many of us wouldn't.,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.,0
Dershowitz: Noncriminal conduct is outside range of impeachable offenses,0
Lose-lose for PM Li, the man who could’ve been the best man to head China. He gets blame if he fails and may even die if he gets infected by the #coronavirus. If he succeeds and be a hero, Xi will arrest him for corruption. Standard playbook of coward Xi,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
@cafecomferri Corona mortalidade &lt;&lt; SARS What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
@DonaldJTrumpJr Uncle Lev says, "I feel like my family left me.",0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
@paulosaelias @claudioedantas Fogo de palha.. What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Article here:,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
The warnings begin, still @realDonaldTrump not declaring any action plan to protect #Americans from the epidemic #coronavirususa @carlquintanilla @markets @Ufc26 @AlessioUrban @Rick_Singa What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
There should be a tax per transaction on this legalized form of insider trading. : Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses,0
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus,0
Jailed drug company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the Federal Trade Commission and the New York attorney general alleged.,0
@GOP @IvankaTrump Trump's cuts: $1.5 trillion from Medicaid $845 billion from Medicare $25 billion from Social Security Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years,0
The Markets aren't doing well The Feds have added over $150 Billion dollars into the Markets in the past month The last time this happened was in 1929 We all know what happened after that THE MARKETS CRASHED #ConmanTrump @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence,0
The CIA’s Former Chief of Disguise Drops Her Mask Entering the Oval with Brent Scowcroft, the national security adviser, and Robert Gates, the CIA director, Ms. Mendez delivered the briefing without raising the slightest suspicion.,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks.,0
Roughly 100 people in the U.S. have been investigated for coronavirus after showing potential symptoms. Five of those were confirmed positive.,0
Banks Build New Tools to Shift Short-Term Borrowing #banking #innovation #shortterm #lending #trends,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via,0
@MSKimball20 @seanhannity #LetLevSpeak Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani.,0
Another “old”-style restaurant chain goes belly-up.,0
On today's podcast I said how a linguist told me that kids with a Chinese L1 have an easier time with math as a result. Chat went nuclear, &amp; I got very confused about whether it was real or not, but a quick Google shows dozens of articles like this,0
Controversial author of Bell Curve fame argues that “polygenic scores will offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what is innate and what is added by the environment”. Get the popcorn,0
. @FairwayMarket, the New York City grocer, is looking for potential buyers in case an offer for five of its stores shrinks to three via @SomaBis,0
@stevensoileau1 @Lucy72794184 @LadyFyreAZ @charliekirk11 Ukraine knew they hadn't received the aid by the time the phone call was made.,0
@GregRubini Sondland gave Trump's Inaugural Fund a $1 million donation. That is how he got the EU Ambassador job. Even Murdoch's will tell you that, as will every other news source on the planet.,0
Federal antitrust regulators are probing a potential deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., the bankrupt milk-processing giant.,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life ...Outstanding Reporting by ...Ben Cohen &amp; Erin Ailworth ...of the Wall Street Journal ⁦@bzcohen⁩ @ailworth,0
Private-equity-owned gastrobar Bar Louie has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after closing 38 restaurants and arranging to sell its remaining locations to the chain’s lenders.,0
Editorial: If #coronavirus spreads, China might have to resort to a draconian lockdown that could trigger a recession that its trade deal with the U.S. was intended to prevent. When China sneezes, the rest of the world catches more than a cold.    ,0
Some Leftie just told that Hunter wasn't dishonorably disch So, here it is via the WALL STREET JOURNAL Hunter Biden was not fit for that job Only got it cuz Dad's in charge of Ukraine Policy Hunter's NOT WORTH $50,000/MONTH,0
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via,0
@ceciliavfx Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via,0
The Billie Eilish Revolution: How the Unconventional Teen Swept the Grammys via,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via #prepper,0
@realDonaldTrump "Both sides" of racist and antisemitic attacks and incidences is not a valid argument for peace and reconciliation. Your administration clearly has encouraged hatred and white supremacy, under the guise of nationalism: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump,0
We spoke to @tinashe about crafting the album "Songs For You" and staging a radical do-over in her career.,0
@redobbinated @mmpadellan THE WALL FKING STREET JOURNAL,0
Great article on Nehemiah Manufacturing in Cincinnati, who primarily hires people with criminal records. People deserve second chances.,0
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via,0
Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - “Israelis will say ‘yes’ or ‘yes, but,’” Mr. Miller said. “Key Arab states will probably say ‘maybe’ in order to stay on the right side of Donald Trump. Palestinians will say ‘hell no.’ ”,0
In the end, money/fame won't save you from horrific national- and state-level infra planning. There is a reason Trump is the only president or nominee in modern memory not to lose loved one to traffic violence. He lived his whole adult life in Manhattan.,0
Always thought I was the odd duck with a different temperature, but maybe I’m actually “normal”,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers. Is it ever acceptable to go barefoot on a flight?,0
@IvankaTrump There has been a rise in antisemitic attacks and incidences since Daddy was elected. Wonder why? @IvankaTrump,0
Prosecutors Have Evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer -,0
For , @ColumbiaJournMA alum @MicahMaidenberg (MA Business ‘17) reports that a lawsuit claims that Martin Shkreli and an associate tried to block generic versions of a drug.,0
Physicians ages 40 to 54 experience a higher rate of burnout than older or younger doctors, according to a survey of over 15,000 physicians. 95% of time used to be spent with patient-now it’s spent with computer.⁦@SeemaCMS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩,0
@ShrinivasDempo #MambaForever Some times in life, you should know what not to do. #RIPMamba The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
Maybe nature is trying to wean the Chinese off their appetite for wild animals. Or maybe the message is aimed at human meat eaters in general. (No, I’m not a vegetarian ... yet.),0
Sure. "Almost all human traits are partly heritable". First, soc. sciences must only replace its social determinism (Say, habitus) for a biological one (say gens). Then, eugenics. The dreams of Galton and Pearson via Dr. Mengele coming true on a Jan. 27th,0
It’s exactly what lunch should look like.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - The Wall Street Journal,0
Finally, the janitors from Iran, and their cousins, and their cousins puppy (who are fighting so hard to stop #s386) won’t get a green card.,0
“Jailed drug-company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated #competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the ⁦@FTC⁩ and the NY AG allege in a new lawsuit.” #antitrust #pharma #IP,0
President Trump's Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents,0
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims via,0
⁦I’m not a fan of fur, but if you’re interested in recycled fur, @EcoGriffe⁩ in Quebec City is doing *cute* things with it! If you’ve inherited an unwanted family fur, consider having it made into a throw pillow or heirloom teddy bear.,0
Retail CFOs Grow More Cautious About Investment and Expansion in 2020.,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
Many large companies are adding alternative-fuel #trucks to their fleet, including @UPS!,0
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
@BallsLiberal @Paddy7x7 @PeterMacKay Economy os indeed exploding. Feds had to put $70 billion into stock market to prevent collapse! Vets hate Trump,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
In which the @wsj says the Senate should hear testimony but not let something silly like witnesses get in the way of their predetermined acquittal. #impeach ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Prosecutor at a news con­fer­ence out­side Ep­stein’s for­mer Man­hat­tan res­i­dence: “To date Prince An­drew has pro­vided zero co­op­er­ation.” ⁦@coryramey⁩,0
We know what "streamlining operations" means - and it's bad news for workers.,0
Is it ever OK to go barefoot on a plane?: -,0
Make the ban permanent -for people, for wildlife. Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed -,0
@marknutter @Yair_Rosenberg @Susan_Hennessey For instance, here is an opinion piece criticizing Biden.,0
RIP Jim Lehrer, the late PBS news anchor and reporter. Good stuff here. Notable via,0
When I saw that LAPD had grounded their helicopters due to poor visibility at the time Kobe’s crashed, I was afraid this might be the explanation: it’s possible the pilot got disoriented and flew into the side of the hill. If true the tragedy is even worse,0
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni,0
Now we know about another short seller,0
Some Americans said remaining in Wuhan seemed safer than getting on a plane full of people who could be carrying the virus—and who are expecting a quarantine once they land. “My dad is adamant about staying where he is." @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai,0
A Northern Virginia estate that was owned by the late AOL co-founder James V. Kimsey has sold for about $45 million, a record for the DC area.,0
A few hundred U.S. citizens will be evacuated from Wuhan. Many more aren't leaving, having failed to secure a seat—or having decided to tough it out. "I would consider sending my daughter…But I wouldn’t leave my wife." @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai,0
This article has some great insight on what it's like to live with a 'just starting out salary'.,0
Trading global #stocks at slightly out-of-date prices has earned high-frequency #traders approximately $5 billion/year. #LatencyArbitrage @aosipovich,0
Top story: German Court Rules Against Facebook on Data Protection - see more,0
Top story: Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - see more,0
Top story: Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - see more,0
“If there are a number of Arab leaders who will say the plan is serious, the plan will have legs regardless of the almost certain Palestinian initial rejection,” Dennis Ross said. via,0
Fairway Market, the New York City grocer, is looking for potential buyers in case an offer for five of its stores shrinks to three,0
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via,0
Shareholders are certainly king in the big scheme of things, but there must be a balance in companies' focus. If you focus only on shareholders and ignore good business practices, there are bound to be problems that arise. via #shareholders #ECU4842,0
The #coronavirus is exposing #Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.,0
Three book dealers who source vintage volumes and create bespoke book collections for high-profile clients share trade tips and secrets via,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect.,0
Journalists and elected officials often mistake Daraprim for a #generic drug leading to incorrect reporting + bad policy. This should put the confusion to rest. "Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says",0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Some news from me and @mgordonwsj, the Trump administration has lined up tentative Arab support for its plan. More here:,0
Finally Talking About This!! ‘The Awkward Heirloom’: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat(s) ⁦⁩ I mean these animals have been dead longer than I have been living *only wears them home alone... bc ⁦@peta⁩ gives no fucks*,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
Kobe grew up In #Italy; fans, friends and players remember #KobeBryant, the #NBA legend who learned basketball there,0
Bolton’s fall from rock-rib neocon to supposed opportunist left heads reeling. “Bolton,” Kilmeade told Grisham, “who’s a contributor here &amp; has always been upstanding &amp; very candid, if nothing else, &amp; honest…” “Was,” Doocy corrected. “Was a contributor.”,0
Kobe Bryant Was Michael Jordan for Today’s NBA Players -,0
What happened to the Middle East? Ms. Ghat­tas, a Lebanese-born jour­nalist who has worked for the BBC and the Fi­nan­cial Times, lays out a story that whis­pers: We did it to our­selves. | Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas,0
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory,0
'Facebook ... figured out the average person spends 1.7 seconds looking at Newsfeed posts on mobile devices, so S4 helped its client L’Oréal create 2-second makeup ads' via,0
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - Excellent piece by Bill McGurn in opinion,0
The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler via,0
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
Fairway’s lawyer said a proposed buyer has the option to shrink its bid to three Manhattan stores from five. Story by @SomaBis,0
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.,0
On Earth, we take gravity for granted. In space, it could become the most precious commodity of all. Space archeologist Alice Gorman explains why.,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via,0
President #Trump’s #MiddleEast peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and #Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades #Israel,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
@TertiusIII @surgerysleeper @Godisgood1836 @malo_j @robster16a @LillyBear @imkimaaron @bradleycgibbs @michellmybell1 @BeccCobain @photoartist9 @JustSayingWhat1 @AltWoodstone @StevenWC_ @LibertyJen @Ponygal923 @zalphaprime @SierraDeciduous @TUnicornelius @StandBackUp2 @PaulDubuisson @rithcheng @DrAshSaleh @AnthonyT2_Mufc @Maccabeus24 @HLebwohl @LiamDan008 @HaircutSpock @atheeism @SlsStudios @Friendof_Darwin @Simple_Shaman @Denbar64 @sariel2005 @DebbieGarratt @Janetb172 @Pro_life_ANCAP @donholtmac @IntelligentCan2 @hugh_bothwell @Sam_DeLoach @commonsensejan @th1rt3en_TM @PeterHa28087897 @heart3626 @Swanswan0307 @11xcea @2Cents69 @nico_manocchio @Mwforhr Not what I said.,0
“La­tency ar­bi­trage raises costs for in­vestors by mak­ing every­one in the mar­kets less likely to post com­pet­i­tive price quotes for stocks...That, in turn, means in­vestors get slightly worse prices when­ever they buy or sell shares, traders say.”,0
Netflix says “The Witcher” is its most popular debut series ever. Fans applaud. Others scratch their heads.,0
“This trade agreement comes at a critical time for farmers and ranchers, increasing optimism that we’ll turn the corner in 2020.” Read more from the on the positive impact #USMCA and the Phase One agreement with China will have on agriculture.,0
: Bolton's book says what "nearly everyone already assumed": withholding Ukraine aid was tied to the investigation of Biden, but this bribery solicitation is not a crime or misdemeanor. Wait, what? #Impeach via,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Is Olear part of the 21st c Tammany Hall "#StopSanders" campaign w Bernard Schwartz, Pelosi, Schumer, Clintons, Obamas, Buttigieg, et al? Or is he just another antiSlav bigot who is profiting off of spreading hatred and fear? #BlameRussia,0
@donnasaysso @ambassador_roe @BethanySophiea It’s not a lie. Just Incase you still believe there was no good reason to oook into Ukraine’s corruption, here’s a timeline.,0
Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. #CoronaOutbreak,0
@gregolear Is Olear part of the 21st c Tammany Hall "#StopSanders" campaign w Bernard Schwartz, Pelosi, Schumer, Clintons, Obamas, Buttigieg, et al? Or is he just another antiSlav bigot who is profiting off of spreading hatred and fear? #BlameRussia,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
Blood, like urine, has traditionally been blue. @kotex thinks audiences are ready for reality in #advertising.,0
Explore C-suite #2020 trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Hermès is leaping into makeup. For now, there is only lipstick, for $67, with refills for $42. It comes in 24 colors (plus three additional options every season, for $72 each) and two different textures.,0
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via,0
#AbbVie, #Gilead and others respond to #Chinese authorities’ requests for #antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness #CoronaOutbreak,0
At a closed-door GOP lunch before Monday's trial session began, Sen. Mitt Romney of Utah spoke forcefully about the need to have former national security adviser John Bolton testify before the Senate, according to people familiar with the matter.,0
Too big to fail?,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
MyPOV; much needed social norms in the sky! from conf calls and vids w/o headsets to #barefeet #RoadWarriors Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via,0
#FICO is changing the way it calculates #CreditScores . The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
: b10ed427-dabf-4bf5-a9a5-42974679494d,0
🐐🐐🐐 Kobe, Forever 🐐🐐,0
Replacing the open-concept office? Yes. A BIG yes. To this.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via,0
President’s Eldest Son Relishing His Part in 2020 Campaign - @SenatorCollins #WeThePeople KNOW...YOU WILL PAY AT POLLS!,0
Meadows Accuses Democrats of Orchestrating Bolton Book Leak via,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt,0
Ordering prescriptions online - cut out the middle man - how will this impact vaccination rates?,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. This needs to be fixed.,0
Abrams was sent to ask Putin to drop #Maduro last year, and instead #Russia rallied a coalition of states, including most importantly #India (oil) and #UAE (gold), to circumvent the sanctions on #Venezuela and defeat Trump's effort to replace the regime.,0
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what via,0
*Pam Bondi is an agent of Qatar. *Michael Cohen was on Qatar's payroll &amp; has direct links to Qatar's royal family (Source,0
“I don’t care if you’ve got 100 hours or 10,000 hours, it can happen to anyone.” And it did.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data: "You’re still too low level for flight following at this time.” via,0
From opinion: The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler,0
This makes for horrifically harrowing reading,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Well, here’s the story Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Can people just stop flying in bad weather?! What's so hard?! People get killed. JFK Jr. Ron Brown? Others? Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life via,0
@BrandonSharks @pinksunshineday The stock market is one big bubble right now.,0
Real-estate veterans say the sale of late tech entrepreneur James V. Kimsey’s home sets a new bar for prices in the Washington, D.C., metro area. via,0
⁦@RadioFreeTom⁩ Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers,0
Since we're on the subject of Qatar thanks to Trump having a defense lawyer who works for a foreign government aka #PamBondi I'd like to find out why the Qatari government was paying Michael Cohen,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. - an unspeakable tragedy,0
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas via,0
@nj_back @AshleyBennettNJ @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi Best of all, Mr. Van Drew endorsed Sen. Cory Booker for president. Not surprisingly, Mr. Booker is now campaigning against Mr. Van Drew. #TakeBackNJ,0
Clinton prosecutor Ken Starr: Impeachment is becoming too frequent,0
On Kobe’s use of helicopters to achieve work-life balance and avoid monstrous LA traffic. A small example of the importance he placed on family.,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
This generation of NBA players always wanted to be Kobe Bryant. He was their Michael Jordan.,0
“It is bla­tant in­ter­fer­ence in the Is­raeli elec­tions masquerad­ing as a peace plan.” - Martin Indy,0
Arconic considers job cuts due to Boeing 737 MAX production halt: -,0
Technology of Thievery #capitalism #latency #flashboys #spoofing #rigged The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
“Xi always has the option of very publicly sacking Li if the epidemic worsens…After years of marginalizing Li…it does seem convenient that he’s suddenly been thrust into the lead on arguably one of the biggest political tests in decades.” @judeblanchette,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to heal rifts opened amid protests and U.S. pressure via,0
Kobe &amp; the rest of the passengers were all really great members of the community. This is such a Tragedy. The rips and holes in the fabric of so many lives will remain for so long. I just don’t get it sometimes. When good goes away and bad prevails. #kobe,0
The #coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via,0
@billygendell @briebriejoy Will you also undo @POTUS44 / @POTUS law forcing (extorting) other nations to discriminate on basis of citizenship? Under #FATCA foreign banks, terrified of US #sanctions for errors, increasingly denying banking to those w/ US indicia.,0
“What 5G does is make the remote worker feel less like a second-class citizen in a meeting,” Krish Ramakrishnan, co-founder of @BlueJeansNet via #5G #remotework,0
Even after Li Keqiang’s appointment, Xi continued to take top billing in official state media. On the state broadcaster’s main evening newscast Monday, Li’s visit to Wuhan was the third segment; Xi’s latest instructions on the outbreak were the lead item.,0
The problem with republicans is they are more reasoned than partisan. Every single time the dems act foolish the reps just take them seriously instead of stopping it. I hope the reps are as partisan in the senate as the dems were in the house.,0
For now, Xi Jinping stands to benefit from having an accomplished technocrat manage a crisis unlike any other the president faces, including political unrest in Hong Kong—one that in this case can’t be easily blamed on foreign interference. @JNBPage,0
@Text88022 @shayken13 @SpeakerPelosi How have Jared &amp; Ivanka benefitted from Trump’s presidency? What about Trump’s businesses? Trump chose not to divest or release his tax returns so how can we be certain he isn’t profiting off his presidency. There are potentially 500+ conflicts of interest,0
Xi Jinping's move to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus response turns a rare spotlight on Li Keqiang, once seen as a force for liberalization until he was sidelined. Xi could insulate himself from public anger by making Li take the blame. @JNBPage,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus,0
U.S. authorities want to speak to Prince Andrew about the Jeffrey Epstein sex-trafficking case but have received “zero cooperation” from the British royal, the Manhattan U.S. attorney said,0
Rest in Peace, Kobe Bryant and daughter, Gianna. What a tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Bryant family and the families of all victims. Apparently bad fog and poor visibility are to blame. Fly safe, friends.,0
@splatterhouses1 @w_terrence So, were you sleeping then or are you lying now?,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang,0
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility....so the only one who has credibility is the mentality deranged Trump @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
@eevanoff @LouiseTash @ASavageNation Agreed, but Mike Savage didn't say illegal. He just said immigrants. Even if he meant illegal, the ruling doesn't mention illegal.,0
@splatterhouses1 @w_terrence No they weren't. Doesn't fit your trolling though, does it? Lol. Bless your heart.,0
: 7a5971be-f36a-4345-8b27-a89e22646134,0
@MikeW95352304 @dbongino If by fantastic you meant, she brought the limelight to Kushner and Ivanka, then... yes she made great points,0
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. #KobeBryant,0
@MaryhenJimenez Spain 1978 Franco was already dead. South Africa 1991 was part of an "agreement" in the power struggle between Soviets and USA. But as maduro has even said he feels no pressure: And with Putin meddling a solution looks far away:,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via,0
Americans face credible security concerns from foreign 5G providers, yet @CommerceGov is pulling back commonsense restrictions. We need an interagency strategy to address the serious risks that come with the growing ubiquity of foreign-based #5G networks.,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
@JSchanzer I guess by the Israeli position they mean the right to exist as a nation? I suppose that's a good goal to favor..,0
#WR: We cannot make speculations until the Bolton's testimony... via,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
The White House is scrambling to respond to the John Bolton's book after being caught off guard by its revelations,0
“Bei­jing has con­tin­ued to al­low a wild animal trade de­spite warnings that it caused a deadly coro­navirus out­break al­most two decades ago and could trig­ger an­other global epi­demic...” Article à lire du,0
A plane full of #Americans is preparing to escape #Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak #China #CoronaOutbreak #CoronaExodus,0
Well said.,0
#IMMIGRATION/FINALLY/High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
The U.S. government is said to be working to evacuate Americans from #Wuhan on a flight to the U.S. as soon as possible #CoronaOutbreak #China #CoronaExodus,0
@bobclendenin @FloydMcCutcheo1 @brithume U goofed. U didn't mean thumbs-up on my tweet. I tweeted Trump's team showing this clip of biden admitting he w/held aid until Ukraine fired the lawyer investigating biden's son. The clip is a fact that BOOSTS Trump's case.,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
Blackstone’s CEO says there’s little doubt something ‘very profound’ appears to be happening. via #ESG,0
Renault Looks to Former VW Executive for Turnaround After Ghosn Crisis -,0
Opinion: Flashback to 1998 Reveals Democratic Impeachment Double Standard,0
The Trump administration said it would target e-commerce operators with broader enforcement, seeking to compel companies to help root out fakes via,0
Investigators hired by Jeff Bezos claim his phone was hacked by Saudi Arabia. In today's episode of The Journal podcast, @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf explain how Bezos and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman became archenemies. 🎧 Listen:,0
The defense highlighted how Haley remained in touch with Weinstein long after the alleged assault, asking to see him, pitching projects and reminiscing about their time together. “I wanted him to love me as a person… for professional reasons,” she said.,0
OP-ED: "Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where #Pandemics Breed" | By Christian Walzer and Aili Kang for The Wall Street Journal Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the #Wuhan virus, as it was for #SARS in 2003. opinion #wildlife,0
@DonnaFr86776149 @ananavarro Country over party is what I want! I just want the truth, &amp; we need witnesses &amp; docs to get there.,0
The White House is scrambling to respond to the John Bolton's book after being caught off guard by its revelations,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Here's the latest on what you need to know about #2019nCoV. via,0
@banton1234 @EWErickson Sure - Link to article for the graphic: Link to original study: Take care.,0
‘Arabesque’ Review: A Line as Distinctive as It Is Variable ‘Suave,’ ‘scrolling,’ ‘sinuous’: However one describes it, the ‘arabesque’ takes on a vibrant life of its own.,0
@nj_back Welcome to the Party—Now Go Home Why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew in the Republican primary. #TakeBackNJ,0
Now planned for Wuhan-ANC-ONT,0
Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns - And justifiably so. Internet voting isn’t technically secure... yet.,0
Hopefully they will be quarantined for two weeks when they arrive in California. It will be extremely stupid not to do so.,0
Here's your annual Martin Shkreli story, from @MicahMaidenberg : The former pharma exec worked to block rivals from introducing generic forms of anti-parasite drug Daraprim, new lawsuit says,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
- Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via,0
The Wall Street Journal article: "U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus.",0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via #ChinaCoronavirus #fuckChina,0
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers,0
Who’s winning in the investment bank league tables? See the 's scorecard to find out,0
McConnell had a choice, to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective. He chose effective. By ⁦@wjmcgurn⁩,0
This is one of the biggest pieces of policy I have been waiting for from ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ we must stand with Israel! Lets work with the Palestinian people.,0
Supermarkets are closing their pharmacies, as consumers are increasingly getting 90-day supplies of their medicines or getting prescriptions delivered in the mail. Meantime, profits are ever harder to come by as the health-care industry consolidates.,0
@EYnews In today's , Richard J. Shinder does a fine job of spanking the Davos crowd.,0
Jailed drug company founder Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an anti-parasite drug, the Federal Trade Commission and the New York attorney general allege in a new lawsuit,0
THREAD/4: Sources having found the vital macro-economic benefits of the #FoodStamps/#SNAP program, run by the #USDA, are so varied they are too numerous to fully mention here. But I'll list a few, starting off with a #WallStreetJournal article from 2009:,0
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via,0
Susan Mailer reflects on her relationship with her volatile father, who introduced his daughter to cocktail parties and celebrities. via,0
Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals -,0
Also, his unconsitent support for immigration reform, voting down a bill in ‘07 that would have legalize millions on immigrants in the US.,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid,0
@ehoichi @freemindom @fsugirl05 @damian_mah @iamronlee @jose__carbajal_ @malavemark @strathglass7982 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump This middle class:,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn. Read it &amp; weep or smile,0
SERIOUSLY???? Watch and see what happens when socialists are elected....,0
@thehowie @LindseyGrahamSC Perhaps you don't read the news. Here's a timeline:,0
Rate Alert! - Yields hit their lowest since early October on coronavirus fears and stock market sell off. Mortgage rates are approaching fresh lows. Check with me for your custom rate quote. (NMLS #238745).,0
Legalizing Marijuana in #NewYork Regains Attention Among Lawmakers,0
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns, @markgmaurer reports for @CFOJournal,0
How expansive has the relationship between tech companies and hospitals become? What are the implications of these mega partnerships? #healthdata #dataanalytics,0
The Wall Street Journal: How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela. via @GoogleNews,0
"I don’t have a history in the publishing business,” Thatcher Wine says. “I didn’t go to school for library science, or even for design or literature. I’m just completely free to make this up as I go along—and have a lot of fun with it.”,0
#Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what, writes @GeraldFSeib #Bolton #ImpeachmentTrial #Ukraine #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments #LevParnas #UkraineScheme #LevParnas,0
@RubinReport Growing up ilhan explains she taught to hate the Jews!,0
Who remembers this headline and wants justice??? ⁦@JussieSmollett⁩ Police Say Smollett Faked Hate Crime Because He Was Dissatisfied With His Salary -,0
John Kerry &amp; Cliton knew Hunter Biden's correction,0
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay Let them stay there. No, make them stay there.,0
🚨 The Justice Department is looking into the antitrust ramifications of the potential Dean/DFA deal. Scoop from @jacobbunge:,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
@SenateGOP the Truth will set you free,0
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what,0
@BrianKarem The Russians hacked Burisma so if there is any dirt we would have seen it by now. #GOPTraitors #RightMatters,0
@sandikpa64 @sodangfancy22 @DeporableDeb Ask yourself why Jared didn’t want anyone to know his ties with Soros. His loans with Saudi Arabia played a big part on why we are now supporting the culprits of 9/11. But keep hating democrats,0
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined,0
@hey_ebie @TheAHNShow Because daddy did this for him you can research on your own why he wanted that Prosecutor fired. Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
The #Trump administration’s bid to replace #Venezuela’s leader hit a wall after a meeting with #Russian officials last year—and hasn't recovered #Diplomacy140 #Putin,0
#CyberDigest | U.S. Turns Up the Spotlight on Chinese Universities | @Kate_OKeeffe @aviswanatha |,0
'Apocalyptic thinking has always been wrong as a forecast, and it will continue to be wrong.' Laurence B. Siegel,0
Congratulations America! SCOTUS is allowing denial of resident alien green cards for people that are public charges as well as those likely to be, based on income and family history. Victory!,0
“The Trump administration, confident Mr. Maduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions.”,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines, by @michaelsderby in markets - #repo -,0
Gastrobar operator Bar Louie closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders,0
@chardunbar2 @sodangfancy22 Kushner was broke.... he couldn’t pay for 666 5th Avenue building. Guess who lend him $$$$? SOROS and Saudi Arabia prince. But, suuuuuuure hunter Biden is the problem.,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via @MicahMaidenberg,0
@normanrbrink @HotlineJosh No, i don't and neither does the Wall Street Journal -,0
From Discover on Google,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters -,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City -,0
Some nuggets in here from me and @mgordonwsj on the Trump peace plan: the administration has lined up tentative support from at least some Arab states, Israel will have sovereignty over Jerusalem and the plan doesn't formally rule out a Palestinian state,0
: 81737753-844d-4fa9-b25b-18368ae66322,0
: 18d18527-10ff-4a28-9cef-9cce32985d14,0
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout - n,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
Xi claims himself as ‘god’, he doesn’t want anything unpredictable to happen because he knows he can’t control or fix anything. He can force people to denounce their religion or describe himself as Jesus, but the truth is he is just another pathetic loser,0
Tech-Focused Private-Equity Firms Pursue Billions as Sector Deals Rise - see more,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents,0
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up wildlife trade and public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat #AnimalRights,0
A U.S. military aircraft w/ at least two American service members on board crashed into #Taliban-controlled Afghan territory, defense officials said, posing a complicated search and recovery effort #AfghanistanPlaneCrash #US #Diplomacy140 #Afghanistan,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak #CCP #China,0
Targeted ads may soon show you what you really want before you knew you did.,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America This is troubling. Their PET Brand makes Carolina Peach Pie Ice Cream which is to die for!,0
A top U.S. banking regulator said he doesn’t see time to compromise with the Fed regarding a proposal that would update federal regulations under the Community Reinvestment Act,0
Cash, Plastic or Hand? Amazon Envisions Paying With a Wave - #ampliodigital #amazontips #sellercentral #amazonvendor #amazonfba @amazon,0
So we are still evolving🤔,0
Sprint Continues to Lose Customers as It Waits for T-Mobile Verdict,0
#Breaking If the #Senate calls John #Bolton as a witness and #Trumps blocks him, that would plunge the #impeachmenttrial into uncharted legal territory #Diplomacy140 #QuidProQuo #UkranianScheme #Giuliani #LevParnas #GOP #AmericansDemandWitnesses,0
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations.,0
@jaymarriotti @michael_loomer @bacchaus351 @FlyStatement @S_a_r_a_h_____ @Thomas1774Paine @FluffsterP @realDonaldTrump @DilleyShow California's Top 1% pays almost half of the State's income tax. Wealthy &amp; businesses are leaving. The same is happening with New Yorkers.,0
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ - interesting from ⁦@MHackman⁩,0
An entry-level Ferrari Portofino will run you nearly $219,000. But you only get one cupholder. via,0
@ErinAstrosFan @michele088 Once the initial group of 40 or so were noticed mid December and then Market was Closed by China Government in January 1st, the CDC should have acted. Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade -,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed,0
Trump says Bolton’s claim is simply to sell a book,0
. reports that after cash bail reforms were passed in NY, bail bond companies have been going out of business. This news marks one of the first tangible effects of the reforms passed last year. #cjr #justice,0
Johns Hopkins University is blowing up its business-school curriculum via The further dehumanization of medical care, and inappropriate adoption of the rush to big sata that is dstroying care.,0
For those dying to short 30s. consider this (no pos) Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields Yield caps would be a cousin to quantitative easing From &lt;,0
The Tax Increases to Come #RetirementPlanning #insane,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades - smarts from ⁦@felschwartz⁩ &amp; ⁦@mgordonwsj⁩,0
Cool to see this @wsj article about the #AmazonSymphonyOrchestra and other musical groups in tech! 🎻,0
Cleaning Up After Comey - Will Comey be jailed?,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus #CommunismKills,0
NEWS: AbbVie, J&amp;J and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness. Those HIV drugs, protease inhibitors, are being evaluated for treating coronavirus,0
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
From opinion: The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost #Coronavirus #China,0
#Wuhan mayor blames China’s central govt for lack of transparency: "As a local govt official, after I get this kind of info I still have to wait for authorization before I can release it…This is 1 thing people didn’t understand at the time.”🙄 #2019_nCov,0
Maduro’s persistence shows the difficulty of forcing regime change without military force, says a former US ambassador to Venezuela. But military force has its own set of problems.,0
@marknutter @Yair_Rosenberg @Susan_Hennessey The Wall Street journal supports these facts as well,0
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades,0
Most adults I know don’t want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? But roast it and it can be delicious.,0
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via . Come on Mayor Pete. Distinguish yourself from the field.,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it.,0
A sharp selloff shocked the market amongst fears that a viral outbreak in China will affect world economic growth. #coronavirus #WallStreet Don't forget to purchase tickets for the Fletcher Political Risk Conference on 2/28 via our profile's pinned link.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses,0
If the #Senate calls #JohnBolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the #ImpeachmentTrial into uncharted legal territory.,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
Hard No.,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak—While Others Stay,0
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China,0
Why don't we see more tech PE buyouts of Series A/B companies that never reached their full potential, or even pre-breakout?,0
Just the beginning: #Boeing supplier #Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via,0
@redconmike @PatHedger18 @Google @twilabrase According to reporting, they have your full health record, name, DOB, lab results, and medical history.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via,0
#Breaking Likelihood of the Senate voting to call more #witnesses in the #impeachmenttrial appeared to mount as some #Republican senators said new allegations about #Trump’s motivation for freezing aid to #Ukraine bolstered case for further testimony:,0
It was foggy in LA the day that Kobe Bryant crashed. Any number, however big, when multiplied by zero is zero.,0
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory.,0
@SenSchumer @nytimes We need to hear about Hunter Biden's qualification to be on a Ukraine Energy Company making $50,000/yr. &amp; why his daddy got the prosecutor going after him fired...,0
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it,0
Smart move by the court. Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
“The U.K. is our most important relationship, it’s a very strategic relationship,” Mr. Mnuchin said. “The U.S. and the U.K. have very similar economies. I think this will be a very important relationship.” via,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters #digitalhealth,0
Travis Kalanick, the co-founder of the popular app Uber, has decided to liquidate his share of the company entirely. #compliance #companynews,0
The (Staggering) Tax Increases to Come via,0
Air traffic communications, flight data, and hazardous weather conditions are being examined as the investigation into the helicopter crash on Sunday that killed Kobe Bryant and 8 others gathers steam.,0
Coronavirus Is No Small Threat to Travel Stocks - by @jonsindreu,0
Some say cheetah print is the new neutral—but these 10 looks show off the pattern’s vibrant side.,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
O @lcoutinho , vc acha que o @padilhando vai ler desta vez? : Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via,0
As the Democrats fight to destroy America, Iraqi fights for their freedom. Iraqis Head to Streets After Security Forces Move to Quash Protests,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale— How to Impoverish the American Nation,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
#coronavirus might be coming to Ontario, California as US evacuation plan changed, take toll from San Francisco to Ontario, California. Pray for passengers return safely and healthy. Government please keep this under control 🙏,0
Communist Cuba has been farming out their doctors for decades, but this article exposes the dirty truth and that of the UN's involvement. The U.N. and Human Trafficking,0
"You're still too low level ..." The final minutes of Kobe Bryant's fatal helicopter ride revealed concerns over altitude and visibility.,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via,0
@SenAlexander Senator, I respectfully ask that you request to hear from Bolton, as I believe it is important for the nation to have real withnessses, and he can speak directly to motive.,0
@JusticeDemTx @FleeceGeek @gator_bh @BreitbartNews yes it was and the corrupt FBI, CIA and Obama Administration used it to spy on Trump. Steele was Brit intel, but he got his info from Russia.,0
My dad immigrated to the US as a kid, started working before he turned 10 &amp; went from entry level underwriter to ins. co. President/CIO. VC deals aren't my usual Twitter fodder. But my father shows why we should embrace/support immigrants #VentureCapital,0
Will 5G Reinvent Working From Home? - Wall Street Journal "While 5G may pave the way for immersive videoconferencing, experts say employees and employers will need to expend effort to make remote work actually work." #remotework #futureofwork,0
Boeing supplier Arconic said it expected to lose $400 million in sales and could cut jobs this year as a result of the plane maker’s halted production of the 737 MAX.,0
The deportation of an Iranian student who held a valid visa to study in Boston has cast further scrutiny on the practices of immigration authorities,0
Does this even matter? In a time when ageism is a real problem in the industry, we have to be careful not to inadvertently create stereotypes.,0
@SenSchumer You should be whining to your comrade Pelosi about that, Chuckie. This Schu-Schiff-Sham-Show is all due to her total incompetence. And just like the Kavanaugh hearings, the Mueller report, and the Mueller hearings, you will lose ... again.,0
Welcome to uncontrolled exponential increase in the national debt.,0
: bc122069-d1c2-45bd-b81d-4b0923d38153,0
Canada has the same immigration rule as this for Americans. This is a very positive step.,0
investigations editor @michaelsiconolf has shaped so many high impact stories. Today on #TheJournal, you get to hear him and @Scheck tell the wild story behind Jeff Bezos' allegation that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman hacked his phone,0
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via,0
Nothing definitive, but one worked worked from 1996-2000 at Progressive "which last year took a $156.1 million charge." Ted, it seems to me, became $BRK 's presumptive CIO Monday morning, December 23, 2019:,0
Media: "@KraftHeinzCo's Planters brand apologized for distributing prayer candles for Mr. Peanut as part of its Super Bowl campaign about the mascot’s death and said it would consider what’s next after a helicopter crash killed Kobe Bryant." @natives,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
Micro-fulfillment centers, which use robots to automate picking online grocery orders and are small enough to be in existing stores, are growing in the US; startup @FabricLogistics constructs its first site in the US and plans to have 6 by end of 2020.,0
: 7ffe846a-581f-4c46-a419-f1b4e1897572,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
J&amp;J tried to keep CEO Alex Gorsky from testifying in talc litigation, arguing that he had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders. On Monday, he testified for more than four hours,0
In December, reported that the FTC is addressing #antitrust concerns related to how Facebook’s apps interact: We learned recently via @ABAesq that tech companies are likely to be further scrutinized. Read more: #anticompetition,0
Akin to DuPont and Bayer it’s a dry run for the elite’s Politics of Injury division. And if you are yet to subscribe to Communist China as a Rothschild proxy then the rumour it was released from a lab will be a rumour, and Xingjian is a done deal via,0
Interesting article about aerial photography,0
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout -,0
Hey @jaketapper You blew it. The point raised: Was it really US foreign policy TO MAKE A THREAT THAT #Ukraine HAD 6 HOURS TO FIRE ONE OFFICiAL as @JoeBiden bragged he did? @CNN @TheDemocrats @GOP,0
In wake of outbreak, Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade.,0
“Those people have all the social utility of a bunch of rats admitted to a granary.” Charlie Munger 'Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says',0
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting via,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
Coming 🔜 to @Tinder dates #panicbuttons and #safety #checkins. 💁‍♀️ @engageyouthco,0
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center. via,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale -,0
IQ and the Wall Street Journal,0
Liz and Bernie's Estates Sale,0
Sorry, but, we shouldn't allow them back until this is cleared. What do you think? Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay,0
@TomKibasi @EuphoricEuler Amazon pays taxes according to our screwed up tax code. We need to fight for an overhaul of the entire tax code.,0
Facing probes and growing public backlash, leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call for new laws,0
: 4170a446-ad0b-4412-a1c8-eb8a1b374856,0
The operating arm of Eagle Bulk Shipping will pay about $1.13 million to settle the allegations that it violated U.S. sanctions on Myanmar via,0
Trump team criticizes Pelosi for monthlong trial delay,0
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal via,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life -,0
This might clarify the Bolton/Barr exchange re Ukraine: Bolton Expressed Concern to Barr About Giuliani Work Being Linked With Government Probe via,0
The Huanan food market sold wild animals enjoyed as culinary delicacies or used as traditional medicine—an ancient trade Beijing has allowed despite warnings that it could trigger a global epidemic,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Toomey suggests witness trade at GOP lunch,0
"I wanted to be just like Kobe." The youngest players in today's NBA grew up in the 2000s. Kobe Bryant was their Michael Jordan.,0
My ninth crossword #wsjxw is out now! Hope you enjoy.,0
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
With social responsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from Deloitte. Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Drugmakers Rush to Develop Vaccines Against China Virus @wsj,0
Medicare for all to cover healthcare and drug costs: What it is and what it isn't - #MedicareforAll #healthcare #drugcosts,0
Insanity. Why would anyone vote for Democrats if this is the best they've got?,0
Wrote about @Bayer and "federated learning," a Silicon Valley technique they're hoping can improve drug discovery #AI #data #pharma via,0
MUSIC, MAKES THE PEOPLE COME TOGETHER 🎵 ___ #amazon #google #salesforce,0
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via,0
Sanchez Energy’s unsecured creditors are seeking court permission to pursue claims they say are worth hundreds of millions of dollars,0
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
“I often dip into these places where I feel the depths of sincerity while playing him,” says Penn Badgley of playing Joe Goldberg on "You." We talked to actor about how he became the biggest creep on TV.,0
A long-weekend guide to Palm Springs, packed with tips on where to eat, shop, hike through a desert canyon and soak in hot spring,0
An excellent article on the importance of reading to infants,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via,0
Gone are the days when new hires spent years learning the ropes before being handed important work. The Class of 2019 will be thrown right into the fray. #LiberalArts,0
Money Mondays: Any English Majors in the group? @SJWriters #SJWriters,0
Lizzo kicked off a somber Grammy awards, saying, ‘Tonight is for Kobe’ via,0
U.K. Court Orders Russians to Pay $900 Million Over Bank Collapse:,0
Distressed Clothing: Offensive or Just #Fashion? #fashionblogger,0
Johns Hopkins University Reimagines the M.B.A. Via #mba #bschool @JohnsHopkins,0
How Microsoft Tapped the Autism Community for Talent,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Good news for all of us! #OurCommunity #RealEstate,0
Good news for all of us! #OurCommunity #RealEstate,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL's foremost offensive mind.,0
#MorningMilk What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In ...,0
While the UK focuses on a trade agreement with the EU, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin hopes to complete a trade agreement with the UK by the end of 2020. @wsj,0
The ‘Corrupt Purposes’ Impeachment -,0
This is getting interesting: "Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses" via,0
Western Investors Are Shark Bait in China’s $1.4 Trillion Bad-Debt Ocean -,0
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
The tech talent challenge: Genuent's Talent Path finds new tech workers and farms them out on consultant contracts, typically for less than it would cost to hire an intern outright,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life -,0
@DuckFootball @quack12podcast @alaskalute @TheRoboDuck I loved RoboDuck!! I remember the day he was hatched. Such an impressive gymnast &amp; appreciated his athleticism. Probably could have done some fun things with him &amp; the Duck together.,0
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via,0
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch going twice...,0
Travel restrictions are going to be extended by the Trump administration to 7 new countries, four of them in Africa.,0
@RepMikeJohnson The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
What to do, what to do? Hmm 🤔,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
"...Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp., Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc. are now calling for new laws on a range of issues—even though some have worked to torpedo others designed to restrict their activities.",0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says (via @aosipovich),0
Russia now handles more than two-thirds of Venezuela’s crude oil, current and former administration officials said, including helping to conceal export destinations.,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
@SoCalValleyGal @Camrynne_Heart @madturk7 @RepRaulGrijalva Nice cherry picking.,0
Seattle's latest musical sensation is not what you'd expect. It's the Amazon Symphony Orchestra. The first chair flutist is a technical recruiter; a software engineer is on the viola.,0
Folks, please take a listen to the podcast with two of our Brazil reporters - Luciana Magalhaes and Samantha Pearson - who have worked for a year to document the back story to a dam collapse that killed nearly 300 people.,0
According to @MarketWatch, I should retire to the Mount Vernon-Anacortes, Washington area.,0
Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally.,0
Today, Team Trump announced an unprecedented surrogates operation for the #IowaCaucuses! Our Caucus Day operation is just a preview of what is to come in 2020. There is no stopping us! #WellOiledMachine,0
@alfranken You stole an election. You should have been in the monkey suit with the gorilla in Trading Places. Mischief in Minnesota?,0
@BetsyDeVosED Thank you Betsy. You are the best Sec. of Educ. School vouchers and parent choice of schools will improve scores. Ignore the union trolls. They are the enemy.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America and the effect it might have on milk prices.,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ via,0
Johns Hopkins University is blowing up its business-school curriculum via,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
The House claims it, and only it, can define executive privilege. via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.支持👌,0
@MikeLevinCA "Reporting" is not proof.,0
Deutsche Bank tells court it holds tax returns sought by Congress in Trump probe - but info blocked from light of day by whom ? via,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
wsj: u.s. surveillance craft crashes in taliban-held area in afghanistan,0
China will be the death of us,0
This headline smells of regulatory capture. Tech Giants to Governments: Please Regulate Us,0
Wuhan is a city of 11 million people, yet Westerners in Wuhan travel to Beijing or Shanghai for routine medical treatment. In other words: Wuhan has 3 million people more than NYC, but cannot even provide routine medical treatments. #ncov2020,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via,0
: cf0b9251-6cc7-4247-bcc6-a2c888e52e83,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via,0
Stocks Are on Course for Biggest Move Since October,0
@DiMartinoBooth And yet, in an era of low ‘inflation’ , #rent and #wages increase, resulting in businesses w/o high leverage unable to obtain bk loans because, ‘ too risky’,0
The NBA has postponed Tuesday's game between the Lakers and Clippers. It was scheduled to be the first Lakers game since the death of Kobe Bryant.,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via,0
Village Inn, Bakers Square Restaurant Chains File for Bankruptcy,0
The Tax Increases to Come via,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Interesting read -,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ via,0
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus -,0
The likelihood of the Senate voting to call more witnesses in the impeachment trial appeared to mount as some Republican senators said new allegations about Trump’s motivation for freezing aid to Ukraine bolstered the case for further testimony,0
From : #5G continues to be a hefty investment for #telecom companies with no clear winner in sight. Why bet on winners and losers? $SRVR - Mission critical assets powering 5G and #cloud,0
“To date Prince Andrew has provided zero cooperation.”,0
The FAA under Transportation @SecElaineChao is gaining a reputation for acting "improperly" in ways that benefit the big corporations they regulate:,0
While nationalism may be a dirty word among elites in Switzerland, the nation-state remains the most successful vehicle for advancing liberty, economic advancement and individual achievement in the history of the world, writes Richard J. Shinder,0
Looks like that #evacuation flight from Wuhan China is going to land in Ontario. (ONT) with a fuel stop in Anchorage (ANC) - hasn't landed for pickup yet. (Reminder I block the cuckoo conspiracy folks) #nCov2019,0
President Rouhani threatened to resign if the armed forces didn’t take responsibility for shooting down the plane. He also criticized the Guardian Council, saying disqualifying reformists and moderates threatens #Iran's democracy and national sovereignty,0
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines - The Wall Street Journal,0
Prince Andrew has denied allegations by a woman who says he had sex with her while she was a teenager. In a statement last year, the prince said he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations,0
HFT firms gaining from speed advantages is at the expense of other HFT firms -- not the average investor,0
“The courts have never ruled on a dispute quite like this between the executive and legislative branches, and they may decide to stay out of it” #ImpeachmentTrial #Bolton,0
Kobe was a great player, but he was not a perfect man, esp in this rape matter. WTF, WaPo??!! If any newspaper should behave better, given its own losses, it is the Post. Jeff Bezos: are you going to hunt down your girlfriend's brother for leaking chisme?,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in #Venezuela. #SOSVenezuela #Jan27th,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Congrats to Anaïs Mitchell and Jason Collier for Grammy wins last night. Here are the songs they had in heavy rotation while working on the projects that won them their statues.,0
#Equifax, Norsk Hydro Executives Describe Chaos After Attacks. () #Data #Breach #DataBreach,0
Closing For Profit Charter Schools Worsens the Eduction Crisis The first Step ic. Completion Between Private - Charter (Profit &amp; Non Profit) - Public Schools Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - The Wall Street Journal,0
A majority of American workers get healthcare through their employers⁠—but for many, the cost is too much.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Never has there been more proof of a request for Russian Collusion in an election when in Presidents own words promised flexibility in negotiations if elected,0
Toomey Suggests Witness Trade at GOP Lunch via,0
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands,0
A fitness trainer has died after going to a Wuhan hospital His family had expected the death certificate to state the coronavirus - Instead, it recorded “pneumonia” and didn't make the corona virus death stats!,0
Fed might revive strategy for coping with downturn --,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
Anti-monopoly momentum is growing. #BreakUpBigTech,0
Tell us something we didn't already know: “We underestimated the importance of the Cuban and Russian support for the regime," Elliott Abrams says about his disastrous #Venezuela policy.,0
In Canada, Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
The Wall Street Journal: The U.N. and Human Trafficking. via @GoogleNews,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
BOOM! via,0
THERE IS A GOD: "The move follows five straight years of declining applications to American M.B.A. programs, according to data from the nonprofit Graduate Management Admission Council, and a 14% drop in applications to Johns Hopkins over the same period.",0
Bolton Claim Ties Trump to Aid Freeze,0
Flight data, air traffic communications, and challenging weather conditions are being examined as the investigation into the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and 8 others continues.,0
When Pam Bondi said it was important to talk about the Bidens because if there was a suspicion of corruption, the Democrats' case against the president crumbled, several Republican senators nodded. via,0
And the saga continues: #SAVRposts,0
Portuguese Banker Named in Angola Fraud Case Is Found Dead:,0
@spkerr333 @UnimpressedTX @RichLowry Some call this “juicing” the economy.,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains has filed for bankruptcy after years of losses,0
Billie Eilish sweeps Grammys, while Lil Nas X and Lizzo win big. via,0
ICYMI: @intel had a great quarter thanks to #datacenter growth. No surprise with the rise of #cloudcomputing but still good execution.,0
@SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump Really?,0
I'm waiting for the paywall to drop to read this one ....They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
The way Selena Gomez knows her new music is good is that it reminds her and her friends of a younger version of herself, before her life became so public.,0
Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money,0
@kubakipper @SenTinaSmith Some chains...,0
The Chart-Topping Rock Band You’ve Never Heard Of Breaking Benjamin has gained a huge following between the coasts but is largely invisible to everyone but its fans,0
The in-built features of the system [tight info control, deference to superiors, fear of Beijing's [and Xi's] wrath..] cannot be ameliorated by a few resignations. Alas, one cannot expect miracles until CCP tyranny is no longer here.,0
Recording appears to show Trump calling for ambassador’s ouster,0
Lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than well-being of its people. via,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via #retail #ecommerce #iot #logistics #lastmile #digitaldisruption,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via,0
Shokin had *sabotaged* the Burisma investigation, by slow-walking the process until British authorities couldn’t keep freezing assets. (This was one of the things that got people mad!) That’s according to such a left-wing rag, The Wall Street Journal.,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ No No No ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is Not Dictator The Ex President Zero wanted to become like Furer Thank to USA Founding Fathers Thank to US Constitution - 3 Branches Nd US Checks &amp; Balances Thank to GOP Majority Prevented this fiasco,0
Conservatives have pledged to support the non-amendable bill to implement CUSMA — but Freeland claims there’s “uncertainty” about whether CUSMA will pass.,0
Our current for-profit health care system puts everyone at risk. #MedicareForAll would reduce the spread of any sickness because everyone would have the care they need, when they need it. #coronavirus,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields,0
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch. Sen. Loeffler says Romney just "wants to appease the left." 's @LindsayWise reports via,0
Cash, Plastic or Hand? Amazon Envisions Paying With a Wave #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory -,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
Recording Appears to Show Trump Calling for Ambassador's Firing,0
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via,0
This is needed right now. Bidens in Ukraine: An Explainer -,0
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life,0
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers -,0
@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.,0
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized #Housing Slowdown via @sechaney “It mat­ters be­cause the hous­ing mar­ket is a big as­set mar­ket which has quite large po­ten­tial impacts on con­sumer spend­ing,” via Adam Slater @OxfordEconomics,0
“This won’t be a rubber stamp.” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will likely have to strike a deal on the North American trade pact with opposition parties.,0
Inside #Google’s Quest for Millions of Medical Records - #TechJunkieNews,0
Francisco Partners is in the market for capital and aims to raise more than $5 billion for a new buyout fund focused on technology,0
Canada begins the USMCA ratification process now that the trade deal has been approved by the U.S. and Mexico. via,0
Private Photos of Indicted Donor Depict Ties to Trump, Giuliani,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Better late than never. New Jersey just figured out that if you give an agency a % for ever incentive they give out, they have the incentive to give out a lot of incentives. via,0
SMALL SOLUTION, BIG CHALLENGE Grocers looking to expedite online orders are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4K orders a week but still be housed in the back of stores or in cheap urban areas. #ecommerce #fulfillment #retail,0
Southland’s bankruptcy would be a setback for the company’s chairman, veteran oilman Bob Simpson. Story by @LHVGarcia,0
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. Story by @beckyyerak,0
The chapter 11 filing by the operator of Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, follows the bankruptcies of several family-friendly and casual-dining chains including Marie Callender’s and Houlihan’s Restaurant + Bar. Story by @sparkyrandles,0
Today was a busy bankruptcy filing day. Here is my latest story: Gastrobar operator Bar Louie abruptly closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders. via Bankruptcy,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis,0
@SenTedCruz The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost vía,0
Winners list from the Grammy Awards via 2020 Grammy Award Winners 1/27/2020,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis,0
@jaketapper @joejohnscnn @JDiamond1 NSC Counsel Eisenberg reports to Cipillone. Hard to believe he would have kept the Bolton manuscript from his boss.,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Commodities markets are digesting China's decision to extend the Lunar Year, stretching out a period in which Chinese imports of natural resources typically decline. “I think we’re close to peak hysteria.” via,0
Global home prices &amp; housing investment are slowing, threatening to harm economic expansion worldwide. Affordability concerns and geopolitical tensions have kept away some would-be home buyers and pushed down prices, via @sechaney,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
“There’s a whole basketball generation out there that patterned their game upon Bryant’s — if you think NBA fandom just segued artfully from Michael Jordan to LeBron James, you’re missing a big, essential group of people for whom Kobe was The One.”,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
@GenFlynn You Mr Flynn don't represent the morals of our country as far as I'm concerned you can rot in prison,0
The arrest of penetration testers in Iowa last year has the industry abuzz over the personal dangers faced by cybersecurity staff. Mental health and burnout are also a concern. via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
From : “When two consumer-product veterans started @NehemiahMfg a decade ago, their idea was to create more opportunities in a struggling part of Cincinnati. Now, workers with criminal records make up around 80% of the company’s about 180 employees.”,0
The importance of understanding mechanism. This beautiful piece by Amy Dockser Marcus in #wsj describes how the gaps left by statistical inference in health care can change one's life.,0
Bar Louie abruptly closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders via,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday.,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others have emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data,0
Next trial involving #Roundup #weedkiller is postponed to allow for more settlement talks; @FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati discusses the potential impact on thousands of related cases by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion via,0
Private-equity-owned gastrobar Bar Louie has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after closing 38 restaurants and arranging to sell its remaining locations to the chain’s lenders.,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
@SenTedCruz The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.,0
The #InternetOfThings Is Changing the World by,0
At a closed-door GOP lunch before Monday's trial session began, Sen. Mitt Romney of Utah spoke forcefully about the need to have John Bolton testify. McConnell advised patience. New Sen. Kelly Loeffler attacked Romney on Twitter.,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore Deloitte’s article. Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
@youngdog77 @William25894180 @HealthCareHuck @brithume They had their chance.. They decided not to. Why?,0
Trump only wants immigrants allowed in whom he may want (to pay) for sex ...,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection I guess the kids today don't hang out in diners the way we did.,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt,0
This is why we are writing a new book: #HeartDisease is striking more young, seemingly healthy adults as the @wsjhealth reports, highlighting the importance of early detection &amp; treatment to save lives &amp; hearts! #wellness #prevention #health #healthcare,0
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it,0
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory,0
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed,0
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch,0
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial -- Live Analysis - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @emilycadei,0
Move gives drivers more control in response to state’s gig-economy law.,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
Hundreds of Americans are preparing to fly out of Wuhan, but more U.S. citizens aren’t leaving, having failed to secure a seat on the single U.S.-bound flight or decided to ride out the emergency,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection,0
Amtrak’s plans to launch a new fleet of higher capacity Acela trains next year could be jeopardized by manufacturing and contract delays, the railroad’s inspector general warned in a report Thursday. via (Paywall),0
McDermott International’s existing lenders are providing the chapter 11 loan,0
In the next recession the #Fed might to turn to capping Treasury yields, a monetary policy maneuver that hasn't been employed since World War II. 💵🏛️,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
Companies Restructure to Escape the Brunt of U.S. Sanctions - #sanctions,0
Here's a story I wrote more than four years ago:,0
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt,0
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via,0
Phones That Can Read Your Mind,0
The Davos Crowd Embraces Big Global Government,0
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @alextdaugherty,0
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans,0
The U.N. and Human Trafficking,0
Joe Biden on GOP calls for his testimony: "This is all a game",0
Just another day in ‘Murica,0
Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That. - #txlege #txed,0
Canada Begins USMCA Ratification Process. I spoke to the Wall Street Journal's @paulvieira about it.,0
Micro #fullfilment and #distribution centers are a new #logistics trend. Trying to bring #warehouses closer to the customer will also remain expensive in contrast to #lastmile #delivery, unless price for fuel won't go up. via Logistics,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus,0
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution,0
The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro with Juan Guaido hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered,0
Corona Virus may shave off about 1% point off China's 2020 growth rate,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus,0
Here are some pretty compelling predictions about the future of job interviews from &gt;&gt; #jobinterviews #staffing #recruiting #AI,0
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter,0
The QE-without-investment chickens coming home to roost once again... A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via,0
So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It #TechJunkieInvest,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
Like Warren G. Harding, Joe Biden is running on a return to normalcy. And it’s working, even if some of his ideas aren’t really unifying, writes @kyleopeterson,0
Europe’s economy remained a global weak spot as 2020 got under way,0
The Tax Increases to Come,0
High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
Blocking would-be immigrants likely to be a public charge has been policy since even before Ellis Island. High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
Shakespeare Says 'Lets Kill All the Lawyers,' but Some Attorneys Object -,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak—While Others Stay,0
Two years ago I inherited my mother-in-law's mink stole. But I haven't worn it lest someone on the street throws acid or red paint at me. #nonewfur “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
Stocks Drop on Coronavirus Fears,0
As Jane Raskin addresses Senators about Rudy Giuliani, it’s worth noting that she appears in this celebratory “Team Trump” photo posted by Lev Parnas Uh, oh Private Photos #WitnessesAndDocuments #TrumpAbuseOfPower #TrumpObstruction ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ @GOP,0
#Newcastle about to be bought by #MBS, aka Crown Prince Bone Saw of #SaudiArabia...?,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
The Vatican is in trouble. Only a fraction of the annual Peter's Pence collection goes to the needy Hard-earned, donated monies are going to administrative costs &amp; more. Fiscal mismanagement, questionable investments are factors #OneVoice2020 #wtpTEAM,0
“You can make more as a dog walker in New York City than as an infant-toddler caregiver. It’s scary.’’ via,0
To succeed, #AI must be central and integrated to overall business strategy via,0
"He Is a Dictator" The deranged Democrats sum up their "case" for impeachment. They only want to remove President Trump because they stand no chance of winning otherwise. via,0
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. via,0
Avg property tax bill in US ~$3,500, w many residents in #NewYork, #NewJersey, #Connecticut &amp; #California well over $10,000/year. In #WestchesterCounty, NY, avg property-tax bill &gt;$17,000, highest in US. #MondayThoughts #realestate #taxes #housing,0
J&amp;J didn't want its CEO to testify. A judge ordered him to take the stand.,0
@realDonaldTrump LIAR! America won't be great again until we're rid of you.,0
Terrific article on "Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail" - AI should be managed as a cross-functional collaboration that brings together: via,0
Prosecutors have evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend gave Texts to Brother who leaked to National Enquirer,0
From opinion: The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost,0
$JNJ CEO Gorsky testified today for the first time in court regarding litigation over the safety of the company's talcum powder, @Loftus reports,0
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies -,0
The Pan American Health Organization, or PAHO, another reason to gut the U.N. as it is aiding in human trafficking. @MaryAnastasiaOG via,0
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split,0
Despite concerns over a global #housing slowdown, the NAM housing market continues to show signs of strength. Chris Fisher outlines four key considerations when planning for US #building demand In response to the article,0
“Some demographers say the baby who will live to 200 years old is already born... People in their 60s today look very much like people in their 40s not long ago." People spend a lot of time wondering if they’ll have the means to retire. Do they want to?,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed,0
Top story: The Tax Increases to Come - see more,0
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall.,0
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus via,0
Iran’s leadership is not limited to Hassan Rouhani. By banning many moderates from competing in the legislative elections, the Guardian Council is trying to cement those rifts and secure a large victory.,0
Dow Drops Over 450 Points on #Coronavirus Fears Oil, Europe equities slump as new infections are detected outside China,0
It’s the nature of a hit in the streaming era: A program that drives obsession in many viewers often draws blank stares from others,0
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies -,0
$KR Kroger-Backed Lucky’s Market Files for Bankruptcy,0
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via,0
Lizzo kicked off a somber Grammy awards, saying, ‘Tonight is for Kobe’ via,0
After Bolton accurately criticized Bush's concessions to North Korea in this op-ed,0
$WHR Whirlpool Profits from Higher Prices,0
News from @lindsaywise: At a closed-door GOP lunch before today's trial session, Mitt Romney spoke forcefully about the need to have Bolton testify before the Senate. After the lunch, Loeffler took to Twitter to attack Romney by name.,0
What Else Do @Amazon, @Google and @Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat,0
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela via,0
Some brides are increasingly opting for styles likelier to be found on a fashion week runway than in a bridal salon. They often wear multiple looks throughout their wedding weekends instead of that one picture-perfect gown. ,0
"Scooter Startups Take Steps to Curb Inefficiencies, Address Safety Concerns",0
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans,0
Romney makes "forceful" case for Bolton testimony at GOP lunch,0
Groceries exit from pharmacy business. via #retail,0
All Democratic hopefuls would increase Taxes Stifle Growth Make your life Harder Economy will return to days of Ex President Zero and worse Worse of All are Sanders and Warren Economic Nightmare The Tax Increases to Come,0
Advertisers balancing taking risks with being nible. Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies -,0
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it.,0
@NASAGoddard At this point, it’s a race for second-best summer intern at NASA, writes Mike Kerrigan via,0
#ILeftTheGOP because they just keep lying. Trump claims he's brought new voters to the GOP “by the millions,” but the evidence is uneven to support that.,0
How Russia, Turkey, India and other countries helped Venezuela sidestep U.S. sanctions. via,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via,0
I'm a Harry.,0
#Europe's #Banking Regulator Paves the Way for Bank Mergers - #GoogleAlerts,0
Bolton Expressed Concern to Barr About Giuliani Work Being Linked With Government Probe via,0
"Will 5G Reinvent Working From Home?" 👥“What 5G does is make the remote worker feel less like a second-class citizen in a meeting." 👥 By Steven Melendez #remotework #5G #tech,0
A quick 5 min video tutorial on the PMI and how it is related to market performance. How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy via,0
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via,0
Listen. Everybody does not need to move to Florida. I was here first. (And I should now make real estate investments before the rest of you blow it). 🤷🏽‍♀️ So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It -,0
.@jasonzweigwsj column offers optimism for all investors! via,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Actor Rose Byrne on travel dos and don’ts for her native Australia. (Spoiler: “Don’t get involved with any stingers!”),0
#MondayMorning At least eight people were killed in a northern Alabama dock fire that destroyed at least 35 vessels via,0
2.5. Tie reimbursement to outcomes to increase access. Other insurers, like life insurance, have a vested interested in the health of their clients (Goldman expanded on this concept in #obesityepidemic 5/8,0
@COMM240 This article by provides a simple definition of the Web 2.0 while showing the ways it can be used in marketing today.,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
@TheJoeMarino @amazon Amazon turned into eBay without telling anyone,0
Wall Street Journal,0
The diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, is on exhibit in Germany. "For decades, she said, she was unable even to speak to her children about the Holocaust, let alone seek publication of her writings." via,0
Lucky’s Market, a specialty grocery chain that is majority-owned by Kroger Co., plans to sell at least some of its few dozen locations to Aldi during a chapter 11 bankruptcy triggered by stiff competition and high costs.,0
Central Banks Warm to Issuing Digital Currencies:,0
Venezuela: The U.S. has warned officials in Russia, Turkey, the U.A.E. and India about sanctions violations in private meetings, U.S. officials said, but hasn’t moved to blacklist companies or individuals suspected of breaking the sanctions. via,0
Letting go with @KraftHeinzCo - company will discontinue some low-selling or unprofitable products: (h/t ) #foodindustry,0
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl ad campaign following Kobe Bryant's death,0
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
Critics often blame today’s socialist surge on millennials’ laziness. Edward Glaeser argues that young people have radicalized politically because the modern American economy isn’t working all that well for them. via,0
"Cisco is thinking outside the box—its own, to be exact.",0
Notice last time this was tried was after WII. Policy will become more and more extreme. These markets won’t tolerate is higher rates, and for a reason: excessive debt burden. via,0
Relaxation Guide For Stressful Times -,0
Letters: Why So Many Midcareer Doctors Burn Out via The Congress in its infinite wisdom has done its best to destroy medicine as a caring profession.,0
And the fallout widens. Now Boeing supplier Arconic is weighing job cuts amid MAX production halt.,0
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory -,0
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’,0
@rachel_maria65 @katz_mum @RudyGiuliani For doing exactly what he's accusing the Bidens of and lobbying for a foreign government. Federal Prosecutors Probe Giuliani's Links to Ukrainian Energy ... Federal Subpoenas Seek Information on Giuliani's Consulting ...,0
NATO aims to boost number of training &amp; military advisory personnel in Iraq in response to Pres Trump’s call for alliance to do more in Middle East, rpts:,0
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure - “The near-collapse of the nuclear deal and growing threats from the U.S. have vindicated Supreme Leader’s narrative that Washington could not be trusted,”said Hossein Mousavian,0
This is a good read by @SuneEngel.,0
Global health and business: “Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact”,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
It has begun... Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally:,0
The last flight of Kobe's life began in fog and ended with air traffic controllers trying to reach his helicopter with these words: "... state intentions ... you’re still too low level for flight following at this time." w/@bzcohen,0
1) A NYSE #Hindenburgomen using a basic definition (as well as a Nasdaq Titanic Syndrome) triggered today with 111 new 52W highs and 102 new 52W lows. Not perfect (and often ridiculed due to their names) - e.g. a big cluster of Nasdaq ... #SPX #NDX,0
Getting the work band back together: ⁦@ChipCutter brings us this melodious tale of tech’s surprise orchestras and a cappella groups.,0
Deadly infection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening consumer spending and the country’s economy,0
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via,0
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans via,0
⁦in today’s , ⁦@DrCebiWilber⁩ notes the best way to solve the big corporate exemption problem is to end burdensome tariffs and find a global solution to the global problem.,0
@porcelain2015 @JennaEllisEsq @realDonaldTrump Ooo I’ll also mention the bottom 10% of wage earners income is growing the fastest. Everyone else is also growing gang busters. You don’t know what you’re talking about,0
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says via,0
Francisco Partners, Hg to raise new technology-focused private-equity funds via,0
The Davos Crowd Embraces Big Global Government via,0
The head of Italy’s second-largest company is fighting prosecutors’ accusations that he approved bribery payments to Nigerian officials via,0
@starboard_light @davidfrum Nope, this is though.,0
Like today's episode? Read more here! : Prince Harry’s Shift Puts Spotlight on Royal Finances #Aprenderingles, #ESL,0
Man. The pilot that was flying the helicopter with Kobe in it yesterday was the same one that took him to his final NBA game in 2016, when they customized the chopper in that wild Black Mamba skin. (via ),0
What are 'yield caps' and how do they fit into the Federal Reserve's plans?,0
New from the : Smooth Sailing (Tuesday Crossword, January 28),0
The most likely outcome is that the Senate and the White House will have to negotiate any disagreement about witness testimony without any legal guides. Without legal precedents on the matter, it will be up to the Senate to decide how to proceed. via,0
#GovernmentFailure wrecks economies &amp; the environment. The @USArmy Corps of Engineers’ failed flood-control scheme caused “unprecedented devastation” to the #Mississippi Sound &amp; the state’s economy.,0
As Qs remain over who knew about Bolton's allegations, a source says John Eisenberg, the top NSC lawyer, was aware the NSC had the Bolton manuscript but never saw it and wasn't told what it said.,0
Professor William B. English weighs in on capping treasury yields. #SOMfinfac,0
@EntStrategyGuy Well I asked @JBFlint and he told me about 5 million subs. Not sure it's good that me having a sub to find out that info is good loL,0
Ultrafast trading costs stock investors nearly $5 billion a year, writes @aosipovich for . More here:,0
Walmart’s Secret Weapon to Fight Off Amazon: The Supercenter,0
@TMIWITW @dcexaminer @legallybae @AmbJohnBolton @TomRtweets Answer here:,0
More with less: The company has about 4,000 IT employees, down from roughly 10,000 before Michael McNamara became CIO in 2015 ⁦@Target⁩ 🎯🎯🎯,0
This is wild,0
Doctor at Wuhan Hospital Dies as Coronavirus Outbreak Spreads -,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death #compassion,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus,0
The coronavirus has investors in travel stocks worried. heard explains why the concern may not be unwarranted. #WhatsNow,0
🤢 : Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane?,0
@jozeficus @DrWhiteClaw @thehill 5 million people have already left the city before the quarantined started. Multiple countries pulling out of China. Not fear mongering only saying what's true, its already in 16 countries and counting, but it's just the common flu.,0
Rodney Scott has been named the new chief of the Border Patrol, the fourth person to lead the agency during the Trump administration.,0
@SethMaggard @RichLowry Calling someone and subpoena's are different. That's the discussion.,0
I've never flown spirit, but I've always heard bad things lol. Apparently, they are doing something right.,0
The last flight of Kobe Bryant's life. story:,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration Come here to freeload? Not any more! Now if that could be applied to those already getting handouts!,0
The Wall Street Journal has dug into the ways information overload and stress can affect your health and relationships and the best ways to clear your mind.,0
If the White House tries to block Bolton's testimony, Congress and the executive would be on the precipice of what the Nixon DOJ called a "constitutional confrontation of the highest magnitude." There is no legal precedent to guide that fight.,0
Her retirement facility has a fitness center, but she belongs to 2 additional gyms. "I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes...I need tough workouts so I can have strong quads.” says a 75-year-old TX woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower via,0
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and Trump blocks him, the impeachment trial would be plunged into uncharted legal territory.,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
@NeverGetGot @michellemalkin @AmbJohnBolton Obviously has something to say. Forget the book- Back in November 2019, he said so. #LetTheManTalk🇺🇸 1st Amendment,0
See #JaneRaskin lie, get caught, coverup 4 #Giuliani #Trump says he doesn't know #LevParnas #SeeIvana #SeeEric #SeeDonJr with #Lev #SeeLevInIsraelwithAll #SeeLev at #Erics6YearOldBirthdayParty #ShamTrial #WeWantWitnesses #RemoveTrumpNow #16,000Lies,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory.,0
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting via #Trump2020 #IowaTrump,0
This might be behind a paywall, but there's solid info on helicopter flight safety included,0
The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler,0
Professional #hackers are often viewed as rock stars within the #cybersecurity industry, but experts say that not enough is being done to assess how the risks and stress associated with this work are affecting them. #Pentesting #Compliance #Security,0
News Brief: Investments How Trade Finance Differs from General Financing General financing is usually used by companies to maintain solvency or liquidity for their daily operations or to fund special projects. Read about #tradefinance in the &gt;&gt;,0
While democrats were blinding you with a shiny object #Bolton This ruling brings us back to the time when my grandparents immigrated here! Pay your own way without being a drain on the taxpayer! Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸#KAGA2020,0
Great work by @bzcohen and @ailworth piecing together the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others on Sunday. via,0
A company in Cincinnati is looking to new labor in this tight labor market—80% of its employees have criminal records. With annual turnover far below industry averages, other companies are taking a similar approach, via @RSimon18,0
We talked to actress Rose Byrne about some of her favorite things: "In the back, my parents’ wedding photo breaks my heart. My mom was 23 and my dad was 25. I love their goofiness.",0
exactly,0
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data.,0
Having signed a phase one deal with #China, Trump now wants to have a #tradeagreement with #EuropeanUnion before the #2020PresidentialElections and threatened #tariffs. Read more:,0
turn them into teddybears or for fur on moccasins,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via,0
A divided Supreme Court allowed the Trump administration to begin implementing rules that make it easier to deny limited-income immigrants residency or admission to the U.S. because they use public-assistance programs or might use them in the future.,0
I am extremely proud to work for Nehemiah Manufacturing Company! Great article by The Wall Street Journal on what we do and why we do it. Love making our #Cincinnati community a better place!,0
Be interested in your thoughts on this @dvdjhnhll (no pressure). Personally, I sympathise with "alarmists" in the "fake climate debate" but wonder whether they provoke the efforts of their opposition as much as they draw attention to their cause.,0
Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
"'Fail fast,' entrepreneurs are often told, and you’ll learn valuable lessons that will help you in your next venture. But this is a myth." ––Francis Greene presents her research on why entrepreneurs really fail to learn from their mistakes for,0
The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder,0
Legalizing Marijuana In New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers-gov. Cuomo And Legislators Differ On How To Distribute Funds From Taxing Cannabis #POTSTOCKS #FINTWIT,0
Papyrus’s operator says in court papers it intends to close all its stores by the end of February,0
Did you know that #competititon is growing between #renewable energy and #traditional energy sources? Read US and global renewable energy leader @MarleneMMotyka's 2020 industry outlook in the @CIOJournal.,0
Distressed clothing: Offensive or just fashion,0
Ponzi scheme counts Berkshire Hathaway amongst victims. DC Solar offered investment fund/sale-leaseback based on its generators. Investors who bought the generators leased them to a DC affiliate, which was then supposed to sub-lease them to end-users.,0
The Fed may be on track for a fifth tweak in its IOER, this time raising it versus the federal-funds range, rather than lowering it.,0
The Fed's balance sheet plans may face another complication: Seasonal issues and other factors are reducing Treasury bill supply, which could cause Fed to alter how it grows balance sheet.,0
Some pre-FOMC reading: Fed is struggling against market's rising sentiment central bank money market interventions are stimulus, not technical in nature.,0
@PatriceJeanB I reported in this story that the figure is around 5 million, per sources.,0
Designing the Market's Mechanisms By Robert P. Murphy via,0
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout @TeamTrump @TrumpWarRoom,0
‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder via,0
#Housing prices around the world are cooling, driven by a global growth slowdown and new regulations on foreign property investment via,0
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role as an impeachment manager isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs, where the Democrat won his seat from a longtime Republican incumbent in 2018,0
Democrats’ War on Fracking Will Cost Them in Battleground States,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.,0
Italy's center-left Democratic Party held off a strong challenge from Matteo Salvini's far-right League Party in a regional election for control of Emilia-Romagna. Democratic incumbent, Stefano Bonaccini, eked out a 51-44% win over the League's candidate.,0
Over the years, executives and employees of Under Armour went with athletes or co-workers to strip clubs after some corporate and sporting events via,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus Consider the Spanish flu, which killed 50 million in 1918-19 as governments at war suppressed the news. By Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
A Survivor’s Diary Emerges From Auschwitz -,0
#Schumer Whiffs #Impeachment,0
Watch the Trump Impeachment Trial,0
... What could go wrong? ...,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers-Gov. Cuomo and legislators differ on how to distribute funds from taxing cannabis,0
Bottom line: There is almost no legal precedent to guide whether a senior government official can be muzzled in a trial of his former boss.,0
Wall Street by the Charts: Measures to Contain Coronavirus Falter, Rattling Global Markets,0
#StatutoryResident New York Imposes $10 Million Tax Bill on Connecticut-based Hedge-Fund Manager -,0
US and Russian forces engaged in direct combat only one other time in history: at the end of WWI, when the US joined other allies to invade Siberia and try to reverse the Bolshevik revolution. They lost,0
A divided Supreme Court allowed the Trump administration to begin implementing rules that make it easier for the government to deny limited-income immigrants residency or admission to the U.S. because they use public-assistance programs or might use them…,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant by @jasongay,0
“History doesn't repeat itself but it often rhymes” - Mark Twain,0
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City U.S. evacuation flight set to ferry some citizens to California, while hundreds remain,0
Link:,0
Trump Invites Israel’s Netanyahu, Gantz to White House to Discuss Peace Plan -,0
Real service dogs and their owners...are the reason we need to crack down on fake ones! "People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them..." writes Jason Haag via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
I saw this on Twitter, and had to actually go check to make sure it wasn't a hoax. Nope, it's actually true. Not only are we stabbing the myth of the American Dream in the gut, but now we're twisting the knife.,0
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains has filed for bankruptcy after years of losses as it faces ongoing pressure from new casual dining brands and larger competitors.,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers-Gov. Cuomo and legislators differ on how to distribute funds from taxing cannabis,0
The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder via,0
Putin outfoxes Trump on Venezuela. They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. #Putin #Venezuela,0
We're no longer askin' if there was a conspiracy. We're countin' how many.,0
ANOTHER WIN FOR TRUMP! Supreme Court allows Trump plan to deny green cards to those likely to rely on government assistance! High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal,0
‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder via,0
Canada Begins USMCA Ratification Process That Won?t Necessarily Be Smooth Sailing - The Wall Street Journal,0
Village Inn files Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Anyone remember the bizarre Fallon spots (no, not the talking bacon.),0
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela -,0
Some dealerships dress up car-loan applications with fake, inflated incomes, according to consumer lawyers, @AAndriotis reports. #WhatsNow,0
Interesting developments of internal conflict among leadership in Iran... [Hassan Rouhani] was kept in the dark for 3 days (nice symbolism) about the IRGC attacking the Ukrainian plane...,0
"A charter jet ... ferrying 230 or so diplomats, their family members and an “extremely limited” number of private citizens back to the US." 100 journo bluechecks follow me. Odds one will get the names of those "private citizens" and their nationality?,0
‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder via,0
The wrote a piece about our ⁦@amazon⁩ symphony. How cool! #oboesunite,0
@EarlRockwood @ByronYork 1)The president WITHHELD the funds for two months. 2) it does not require the actual saying of it in order for it to be extortion 3) Zelensky enquired about the funds on the SAME DAY AS THE CALL 4) trump only released funds because he got caught,0
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans -,0
"The plan to build the driverless Cruise vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a broader revitalization effort at GM’s lone remaining Detroit factory, located just a few miles from the auto maker’s skyscraper HQ along the Detroit River",0
And Syria. And Ukraine. And... “How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venzuela." via,0
U.S. Hospitals Aren't Ready for the #Coronavirus: Wall Street Journal #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web:,0
How many Ukrainian born A Holes we got running around in the white house. We have straight been over run by Ukraine. This is so dirty even ⁦@mikeroweworks⁩ would look the other way.,0
.@timsullivan510: “We aren’t here to optimize the financial performance of the EDA.” Fees for the tax credits accounted for 36% of the EDA’s revenue in 2017 and 29% in 2018. That figure is expected to drop to ~10% and 12% for 2019. via,0
Warren &amp; Sanders want to raise taxes the most, but more striking is how much more the supposedly moderate Democrats want to take from the private economy. But now and again the mask slips, as with the proposals to raise the payroll tax on all workers.,0
"Across the city, health-care workers are leveraging their expertise to snag extra cash, often earning more per hour than they could with more common side gigs like delivering packages",0
Quench Bio has raised $50 million in Series A financing to develop drugs for inflammation based on a recently identified drug target,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via DOWN 428 POINTS!,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers-Gov. Cuomo and legislators differ on how to distribute funds from taxing cannabis,0
We absolutely need tighter infection control protocol to be prepared for outbreaks like #coronavirus — but we know that #SafeStaffing is also at the heart of this challenge.,0
Defending @RudyGiuliani ?? Interesting strategy🤔,0
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall.,0
Health-care workers across New York City are leveraging their expertise to snag extra cash, piercing ears or administering IV drips,0
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. via,0
Good thing EnCap sold 20% of their GP business to Dyal in Dec 2015 for $700-800mm. They got the timing right on that one I’m going to guess the Southland mark then was... 🤔... 1.2x Wonder what other GP sales are a tell...,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
powerful.,0
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests,0
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’,0
People deserve a #secondchance. And success isn't just about employment - it requires a whole-person approach, like we strive for @RisingSunOpp.,0
“Chinese leader Xi Jinping usually reserves the top position on important issues for himself, but in this instance he appointed Mr. Li to head the Communist Party’s virus-response task force.” [#XiJinping acts innocent.] #Wuhan #coronavirus #China #Beijing,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
Flight evacuating Americans from Wuhan will stop in Anchorage and then land in Ontario, east of Los Angeles.,0
"the economy is in a good place" seems to be the Fed mantra via Graphics,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
@ttyson7 @JToc33 @lindasm87705438 @CBSNews The only part of Obama's legacy to survive 8 years of failure -- is a grotesque monument of arrogance honoring his failed presidency. Maybe you can help chip in?,0
Red teams operate in high-stress and high-risk environments and often have only colleagues to fall back on for support, veterans say,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
State attorneys general, Justice Department officials to meet on Google investigation,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth: #housing #RealEstate #CommercialProperty #GlobalEconomy,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ Wow! The Dems stop at nothing!,0
As Jane Raskin addresses Senators about Rudy Giuliani, it’s worth noting that she appears in this celebratory “Team Trump” photo posted by Lev Parnas. Story here:,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
"It doesn’t take a college degree in economics to realise that our remaining 1.5° carbon budget and ongoing fossil fuel subsidies and investments don’t add up." The gap between ambition and concrete action to reduce emissions remained glaring at Davos.,0
The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share,0
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe via @wsj #Google #Antitrust,0
Uh oh. Hey, @google -- Whatcha gunna do, whatcha gunna do when they come for you?,0
Why the VIX Keeps Investors on Edge,0
Mergers have been long touted as a possible answer to the eurozone’s banking woes #EU #Banking #Regulator,0
THE...WORLD'S...MOST... DANGEROUS...MAN...WHICH...1??? Saudi Prince Courted Amazon’s Bezos Before Bitter Split,0
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via,0
: ab3cbd25-2e92-4fa0-b0ea-91fd3ea6aac1,0
@mom_cadet @JohnCornyn @jaketapper Wrong. You watch TV or YouTube? Quid Pro Quo Joe.,0
Some links for those interested in this story: - piece after fund blew up - Marketing deck from before fund blew up It was a HF conversion, something we've written about before.,0
Congress should take tax collectors out of the business of regulating political activity, writes Bradley A. Smith via,0
: b4d5626e-777a-4d46-9a73-7afc3f25fd0d,0
GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks - The Wall Street Journal,0
The Fed repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion. #repo #Fed #rates #markets #bonds #liquidity #risk,0
EDITORIAL: #China’s Censorship Helps Spread the #coronavirus. Consider the Spanish flu, which killed 50 million in 1918-19 as governments at war suppressed the news.,0
Going to the store? No need to take your card or phone if Amazon has its way. The tech giant is working with the likes of Visa and JPMorgan to let consumers pay with wave of a hand #innovation #retail #digital #transformation #commerce #instore via,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Wonder if Publix, interesting to see how rapidly grocery is evolving: Grocers testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4k orders weekly from back of stores via,0
Caesars Offers 11 Tips for a Smooth Migration to the #Cloud. @OracleERPCloud #OracleCustomers #YourTomorrowToday,0
Today’s #Logistics Report: Cutting Rail Jobs; #Warehouse Demand Peaks; Screening China’s Ports: via,0
The next downturn will be unlike anything we have ever seen. Synchronized and correlated globally with little room left to lower rates. A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via,0
: 43a58200-9b9a-4338-87fd-5263e1411383,0
@DonaldJTrumpJr Hawley has no idea how the law works. All he understands is right-wing dogma.,0
Suspected source of coronavirus "a cluster of vendors in a downtown market offering carcasses and live specimens of dozens of wild animals—from bamboo rats to ostriches, baby crocodiles and hedgehogs." Wow. via,0
Cincinnati company Nehemiah Manufacturing Co. has been offering criminals employment for nearly a decade, overcoming obstacles along the way. Now, 80% of their workforce have #criminalbackgrounds: - via #fairchancehiring #backgroundscreening,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via,0
U.S. population growth slowest in a century,0
The best part of leaving the country for vacation is you get to escape the joke of our politics #TermLimits #NeedToTuneItOut,0
We talked to Anthony Hopkins about improvising on set, playing opposite Jonathan Pryce and acting for six decades.,0
The arrest of penetration testers in Iowa last year has the industry abuzz over the personal dangers faced by cybersecurity staff. Mental health and burnout are also a concern. via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
Fuck you,0
@Rhys604 Solyndra Corp suckered the U.S. Govt for $535 million in "green energy" and now DC Solar Solutions got us for $810 million in tax payer money? Yeah, green energy is great. But only when it's not tied to politics/politicians.,0
A sense of emptiness. A need to hide their true selves. Younger workers feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. #work #jobs,0
Great piece in the ⁦⁩ on the impact employment w/ social services can have on justice involved individuals. Tmrw we will host our 4th #InsideCriminalJustice graduation and have students who are eager to enter the work force with your help!,0
California Regulators a Potential Obstacle to T-Mobile, Sprint Merger - The Wall Street Journal,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers-Gov. Cuomo and legislators differ on how to distribute funds from taxing cannabis,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
Canada’s Liberal government on Monday began the task of ratifying the revised North American trade deal, a process that could take months and force PM Justin Trudeau into some deal making with rivals to ensure quick passage.,0
"US speculative-grade companies have almost $1.2 trillion of debt maturing over the 2020-2024 period. That's up 14% from the year prior, setting a new record",0
A new flight-tracking system is faster and more accurate than radar, but it also fundamentally changes how air-traffic control works vía,0
December was a benchmark month as #women became the majority in the workforce. As workforce demographics continue to change, #inclusion efforts are essential to success,0
@anypigslft @charles_gaba @BernieSanders Get real. Bernie did 39 rallies in 13 states for Hilary in 2016.,0
Why didn’t y’all tell me?! Lies are responsible for me no longer being able to get a supersized fry for sharing 😂,0
Isn't this.. a good thing?,0
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers #flying #travel #airplanes #manners #etiquette #health #sanitation,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
@MarshaBlackburn More Putin money plus china voting machines.,0
#Kinship President @LSudakov spoke to @wsj about charting the future of #petcare: “This is a paradigm shift from ownership to collaboration. We want to disrupt ourselves.” Check out the full piece!,0
In a barrage of 85 different ads that have aired more than 72,000 times in the past two months on Iowa local television, no Democrat has mentioned a primary rival by name via,0
The Puzzling Economic Impact of Transformative Technologies,0
@RepAdamSchiff Why didn't the House call Bolton as witness ?,0
Uber is letting drivers at airports in Santa Barbara, Palm Springs and Sacramento charge higher rates in response to California’s new gig-economy law vía,0
Apple Was Headed for a Slump. Then It Had One of the Biggest Rallies Ever comm:,0
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via,0
👀, oh? "The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is conducting two previously unreported probes into Lime’s scooters, according to Robert Dalton, an attorney adviser at the agency.",0
Australian house prices bucking the global slow down trend: New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown via,0
On the 3rd anniversary of the #Muslimban, when the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals hears arguments about its impact, US High court allows rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely #publiccharge.’ via #refugees,0
@HillaryClinton The House should have called him. But they didn't. The Senate must not do the work of the House.,0
“You can make more as a dog walker in New York City than as an infant-toddler caregiver. It’s scary.’’,0
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role as an impeachment manager isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs, where the Democrat won his seat from a longtime Republican incumbent in 2018,0
Security deposits rise just like rents. Is insurance the solution? via,0
Arconic said it expected to lose $400 million in sales and could cut jobs this year as a result of Boeing's halted production of the 737 MAX,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
U.S. investment vehicle New Cotai is seeking bondholder support on a potential restructuring of $856 million in debt,0
"illustrates investors’ belief that private technology continues to be a good investment" #tech #privateequity,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
More supply chain impact from Boeing 737 MAX grounding: Arconic weighs job cuts amid 737 MAX production halt via @bob_tita @ @dougcameron,0
Union Pacific’s planned cuts continue a broader plan to streamline operations. The company’s profit fell nearly 10% in the fourth quarter. via,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
More Americans are buying homes 🏡 “Home sales hit their high mark for the year in December, a sign that favorable mortgage rates and low unemployment are starting to lure more house hunters back...” #PositivePopulism #NextRevFNC @SteveHiltonx,0
In 2016, Kobe and Jeff Stibel officially launched Bryant Stibel,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.,0
#Grateful #Purpose ‘The exact instant you realize that you have less time in front of you than you do behind you is the moment the crisis begins’ via,0
"Noah made the film that we talked about, and it seemed just exactly like it should be, and I just can’t tell you how rare that is," says Scarlett Johansson about working with Noah Baumbach on "Marriage Story.",0
Even moderate Democratic 2020 presidential candidates have quietly proposed to raise the tax rate on labor by double digits and it’s received almost no attention.,0
Why Some #AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail,0
Nationalism is Winning Down with Globalism and EU Thank you ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ You gave rise to Nationalism &amp; defeat of Globalism &amp; Radical Islam Migration &amp; Agenda 21 ! Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus -,0
The 50th #WEF is over. Here are the key ideas coming out of Davos: - continued “#blockchain, not #crypto” narrative; - a belief in the inevitability of cashless futures; - the rise of #CBDCs. Source:,0
If Elizabeth Warren is going to forgive student debt, this voter wants a tuition refund. So, do I. I put my kids through college the old fashioned way. I saved and made sacrifices.,0
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
#MerylStreep Tribeca penthouse sells for $15.8 million.,0
Sekulow Says Democrats' Evidence Regarding Trump Is Circumstantial via,0
McConnell Urges GOP Colleagues to Be Patient via,0
Old article Where Virginity Is For Sale in India via,0
Are you Saying Ukraine Received No US Aid in FY 2019? If Not Given to Ukraine, Where is the Aid? Why Wasn't @BarackObama Impeached? 💋,0
Lead pic in this article includes me on #doublebass playing with Google's orchestra! 😁,0
Bolton: 'No Coordination' With New York Times via,0
Too much real estate fund cash? #MakeItHappen #ShareTheLove ❤︎,0
Biden on GOP Calls for His Testimony: 'This Is All a Game' via,0
You screw people over enough, and eventually they screw you back. Funny how that works, isn't it, @realDonaldTrump?,0
An inspiring company built around an entrepreneurial bet on people who are generally avoided as too risky.,0
To help position students for success in #highered, students need proactive guidance starting in high school, *not* their freshman year of college. We applaud the efforts of schools like Democracy Prep to help put (and keep) students on the right track.,0
Biden on GOP Calls for His Testimony: 'This Is All a Game' via,0
In discussing Apple with @trippmickle, Director of Research Mike Bailey noted, "This is almost a violent rerating.” Read what he compares it to in this article.,0
🚢🔏 Trade finance is drawing interest from a new sector. Namely, Allianz SE and AIG are moving into the space. This influx could help close the reported $1.5T trade-finance gap holding back international commerce. #commerce #trade #internationalshipping,0
Fed Adds Just Over $40 Billion in Temporary Money to Markets,0
Pakistan has jailed the charismatic Pashtun leader Manzoor Pashteen. Here’s something I wrote in 2018 about the peaceful Pashtun Tahafuz Movement that he leads. #PTM v ⁦@AEIfdp⁩,0
Just saw this article. Leaving it for some1 to address! Where Virginity Is For Sale in India via,0
Maybe the only thing i dont get of all this is how the UAE seemingly an ally of Washington has not been able to stop gold purchases in the country from Maduro government.,0
From @wsj - While there is a ton of talk of #5G coming soon- it is still far off Mission critical #infrastructure needs to be built out requiring more #datacenters, #celltowers, and #fiber $SRVR,0
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets #SOFR #Libor #rates #banking #Fed #trading #investing #derivatives #swaps #markets,0
Barriers to big data analytics: "Everyone knows that curb appeal affects a property’s value, but actually quantifying that impact presents a challenge, Dr. Villupuram notes",0
Dow Drops 350 Points on Coronavirus Fears -,0
Tehran is working to mend internal rifts that have broken into the open as it faces greater pressure than at any point since the 1979 Islamic Revolution,0
Recent actions by central banks around the world to stabilize growth and an initial U.S.-China trade accord are driving a steady markets advance that has been hard to bet against. #markets #stocks #trade #momentum #WallStreet #investing,0
‘“Comrade Ma Guoqiang and I are willing to accept responsibility,” Mr. Zhou [#Wuhan Mayor] said. “If in the end you say someone has to be held accountable, you say the masses have opinions, then we’re willing to appease the world by resigning.”’ #Beijing,0
How concerned are you that future changes to the tax law could effect your retirement planning? #retirementplanning,0
Burdened with an $8 billion debt, the Indian government wants to sell Air India. The airline is struggling to pay for fuel and wages, and the New Delhi government is looking to sell off 100% of its stake in the national carrier.,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
Canada Begins Nafta Ratification Process That Won?t Necessarily Be Smooth Sailing - Wall Street Journal,0
You can still see it in the URL, however.,0
Texans need property tax relief This article may surprise some Members of the TX Leg but it’s no surprise to Texans We need to balance our budget while alleviating the crushing weight of property taxes on Texans We can do better We must do better,0
Supreme Courts Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
yeah it's cool to have the longest transport strike in French history but it's also cool to have seats in parliament. Something for the ultras to think about,0
What will be the impact of this new form of quantitative easing on ERISA Plan portfolios? #Fiduciary, #Plan Fiduciary. via,0
Inside China's wild meat markets, where shoppers indulge their taste for bamboo rats and baby crocodiles -- and the coronavirus outbreak may have started via @jnbpage,0
A week ago @UNCTAD released its global foreign direct investment data for 2019. As reports ( 2019 was the fourth year of contraction. Blame was apportioned to "U.S.-China trade war" and "global tariffs". Not a word that growth stopped 12 years ago.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
Hundreds of regional grocery stores are closing or selling pharmacy counters, which have been struggling as consumers make fewer trips to fill prescriptions and big drugstore chains tighten their grip on the U.S. market.,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
The Supreme Court allowed a Trump administration rule denying green cards to legal immigrants who use or are likely to use public aid, as litigation continues -,0
@LeeeLauren @jamiegrahamusa @BrandonStraka It isn't showing up in the polling. It sounds like Peggy Noonan's yard signs column.,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses,0
"Oxford Economics estimates that the housing slowdown cut growth in advanced economies by 0.3 percentage point between 2017 and 2019.",0
The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share.,0
@GottaLaff U.S. sets evacuation plan from China’s locked-down coronavirus-infected Wuhan via,0
How Vladimir Putin outfoxed Trump on Venezuela via,0
: eb63ed4a-59ca-46af-b87d-abe29ffd5cd2,0
Likud members framed the Trump plan as a step on the road to Israeli annexation of parts of the West Bank, hoping that the expected Palestinian rejection of the plan would give Israel cover to follow through on Netanyahu’s election pledges.,0
The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from a US ally Turkey.,0
Today's most-read Heard: Coronavirus is no small threat to travel stocks @jonsindreu,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. #Fed #recession #finance #markets #economy #QE,0
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via,0
Fedspeak Cheat Sheet: What Fed Officials Said Ahead of Their January Meeting via Graphics,0
Check out the article on "Grocery delivery goes small with micro-fulfillment centers" where 2020 #InnovationLab alumni @fabriclogistics announced it is starting construction on its first U.S. grocery site this quarter:,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
This is so very sensible of the court &amp; very good for the country! Congratulations to the Supreme Court for making such a wise decision! The #USA shall prove it's not a sucker to be taken advantage of... #ToSovereignty #From2020ToTrump,0
Supreme Court allows Trump rules denying immigrants residency over public assistance,0
Glynn’s take: RBA might be done cutting rates,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind.,0
I'd love to hear what CCP heavies are saying behind closed doors about Xi's leadership over the past year, including this latest twist.,0
An age-old question: Where can I get free food on my birthday? The answer in NYC: Hardly anywhere,0
@jaytrenary @SeanBrodrick @joegilster Correct. Per @wsj story earlier today ...,0
“[#Wuhan Mayor] Mr. Zhou’s careful attempt to shift blame to the central leadership mirrored complaints that local officials have expressed in private for years about Chinese President Xi Jinping’s rigid, top-down leadership style.” #XiJingping #Beijing,0
Heard on the Street: U.S. lenders must now set reserves for the expected lifetime losses of a loan, not just losses for a year out. Sallie Mae was ready for the change. via,0
The Rap in Blondie’s ‘Rapture’ -,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
...Warren gets 16% as a 2nd choice, Mr. Buttigieg 15% &amp; Messrs Biden &amp; Sanders 12% each. Monmouth finds that 23% pick Ms. Warren as their 2nd choice... Fifteen percent say Mr. Buttigieg is their 2nd choice, 14% pick Mr. Sanders &amp; only 10% choose Mr. Biden,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration America is no longer the "Shining City upon a Hill" Disgusting!,0
The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s leader hit a wall after a meeting with Russian officials last year--and hasn't recovered. @AndrewRestuccia @jessdonati @IanTalley,0
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China,0
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors.,0
International Contractors Sued for Allegedly Paying Protection Money to Taliban,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
A “perfect” photo of two corrupt politicians before their final judgment ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ #ImpeachTrumpNow,0
This is happening: "The robots are trying to get deeper into your grocery order" @jensmith,0
Mergers have been long touted as a possible answer to the eurozone’s banking woes via,0
C-suite leaders know that long-term business success requires the integration of advanced #digital tech into operations Yet those who are most successful in leveraging these capabilities to meet their goals, have in place a comprehensive #strategy,0
John Bolton’s claim made in a manuscript of his forthcoming book contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid. The new revelations bolster calls by some Senate Republicans for witness testimonies. via #JohnBolton,0
Either Russia has something on ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ to encourage ⁦@POTUS⁩ to not interfere with Putin’s ambitions, or @POTUS is easily outmaneuvered. Either way, bad for USA. #NeverTrump #TrumpRussia,0
@Scheck @JordanSchachtel Second:,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
This is a fair issue - However, I've probably talked with 20 or so vets the past few days who got a dog that isn't trained, but it helped them out a lot. But like everything, people abuse it.,0
THE INCESTUOS NATURE OF MONEY... One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal,0
editorial board argues that Trump is too incompetent to be a dictator, so he shouldn't be impeached. via,0
Deadly Infection Keeps Chinese Consumers From Spending -,0
Really?,0
@Scheck @JordanSchachtel Well first u allowed an oped to raise questions: and spare me the "its not our view" since its very difficult to publish opeds that editors dont like. I know from experience and have published in most elite media,0
@prchovanec I guess your talking about Biden, since Bernie wants to halt deportations, decriminalize border crossings, and end ICE, at least according to the .,0
Renault Looks to Ex-VW Executive for Turnaround After Ghosn Crisis,0
So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It,0
A U.S. military aircraft with at least two American service members on board crashed into Taliban-controlled Afghan territory, defense officials said, posing a complicated search and recovery effort,0
Data stays put and algorithms do the traveling in "federated learning," helping Bayer and other pharma companies with drug discovery,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
2/ President Trump's lawyers began laying out their case in defense of him this past Saturday. They argued that the House Managers presented no direct evidence of the president's wrongdoing, and that they may have hidden facts that would vindicate him.,0
The comments from some lawmakers—which followed the leak of a manuscript by former national security adviser John Bolton —marked a shift from the weekend, when it looked likely that a vote on whether to call witnesses would fail.,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration -,0
“Mr. Zhou used an interview with state broadcaster #China Central Television to push back against criticism of #Wuhan’s handling of the #virus, saying his hands were tied by rules that required #Beijing’s approval before releasing sensitive information.”,0
Why Baby Boomers Are Their Own Worst Workplace Enemy - named 1 of 5 best #babyboomers posts of 2016 #blogging,0
It just became a lot harder to be a poor immigrant in America. Supreme Courts Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
U.S. sanctions on Venezuela wind up hurting even companies the @USTreasury wants to protect, @kcbroughton reports. In response, their lawyers get creative.,0
In an alternative universe, Opportunity Zone tax credits would be used to fund programs like this instead of upscale condos in major cities.,0
@TheBeebs2U2 @nytimes Individual 1 did break laws,0
Study finds that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
Planters is pausing promotion of Mr. Peanut's death following the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant, but Mr. Peanut's funeral is currently still on for the Super Bowl,0
The Wall Street Journal: The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters. via @GoogleNews,0
China Claims U.S. ‘Black Hand’ Is Behind Hong Kong Protests,0
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns via,0
Re: The Five Traits of True Tech and the GRuMPS™: Growth, Research and development, Margins, Productivity and Spending ratings system ... curious ⁦@tobi⁩ as to how you’d self-assess for ⁦@Shopify⁩ ? (I’m buy&amp;hold since 2017) 🙏,0
markets: The Cboe Volatility Index climbed Monday to its highest level since the start of this year,0
A lack of affordable housing in large cities and a waning appetite for real estate by foreign investors both played a part in the global slowdown, @sechaney reports.,0
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California -,0
Best plan: sever ties with all these rapacious states and go somewhere that doesn't treat you like their piggy bank,0
The U.S. government is said to be working to evacuate Americans from Wuhan on a flight to the U.S. as soon as possible via,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
One of the many athletes mourning the loss of Kobe &amp; Gianna Bryant today is Sabrina Ionescu, who became close with the Bryants while rising to become the best player in college basketball. Get to know the Oregon star, who is taking over the game,0
It’s not just people and tax-revenue that high-tax blue states are losing. California, Illinois and New York each projected to lose a Congressional seat, while Texas expected to pick up three, Florida two and Arizona one. “Blue State Redistribution” {}:,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus - #wuhanpneumonia #coronavirus #nCoV2019,0
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade - #wuhanpneumonia #coronavirus #nCoV2019,0
Before Mamba, a Panther: Italy Mourns Bryant, Who Learned Basketball There -,0
Sad to hear this news. Made a difference in how I think about innovation. “Doing deals doesn’t yield the deep rewards that come from building up people,” said management guru Clayton M. Christensen, who died at age 67 via,0
Please pray for China. Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency -,0
The U.S. Supreme Court allowed the Trump administration to deny limited-income immigrants residency or admission to the country because they use public-assistance programs or might use them in the future. By @brkend via,0
This is not a surprise to anyone who has worked in wildlife trade/wildlife health in SE Asia. The trade is a melting pot for microbes - this is well known. Will this outbreak lead to lasting change? I fear not,0
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses. It’s not Bolton. It’s deep state NSC faking a leak to influence the famous four Rinos,0
The Wall Street Journal: New York Imposes $10 Million Tax Bill on Connecticut-based Hedge-Fund Manager. via @GoogleNews,0
“The comments by Wuhan Mayor Zhou Xianwang were broadcast on China’s state television network just hours after Premier Li Keqiang arrived in the city to meet infected patients and front-line health workers—an attempt to tamp down rising public frustration”,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag,0
I'm glad I'm not the only one expecting this. Keep in mind the DNC is using an untested, unsecured phone app for the "official" count in all caucuses. The "bombshell" will not sway a single vote, but it will make fine cover for outright theft. Be ready.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says by @aosipovich,0
Winning.,0
The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder,0
Medical-Device Stocks Risk Short-Term Heartbreak - (40x earnings),0
Under current administration, the Supreme Court is trying its hardest to drastically reshape the makeup of our country. This is wrong.,0
Before they became arch-enemies, the #Saudi crown prince and #Bezos seemed to hit it off, WhatsApp exchanges show. Clearly #Khashoggi and WaPo's coverage drove a wedge between them,0
"These urban growth boundaries have failed to adjust sufficiently to growing populations, choking residential development despite high demand. Rising housing prices are the inevitable result of this government-imposed scarcity." #mnleg #LetsFixHousing,0
Phoney Service Dogs hurt Veterans,0
Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren't Worth It,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its death-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign, but currently still plans a Peanut funeral for Sunday,0
U.S. Justice Department to Act Against Generic Drug Price Fixing [Jan 23, 2020] @ASHClinicalNews Source: [Jan 15, 2020] {Paywall} #hpeonc,0
@realDonaldTrump Donald, John Bolton didn't show up when asked to testify...,0
“Global monetary policy just keeps driving the #market.” Our Director and Senior Portfolio Manager Nancy Perez spoke with ’s @AmrithRamkumar about how she’s interpreting this strong forward momentum: #Economy #Stocks,0
Supreme Courts Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
US Supreme Courts Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split,0
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand Over Next Two Years via,0
“The mayor of #Wuhan … said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen, suggesting the central government was partially responsible for a lack of transparency that has marred the response to the fast-…”,0
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via,0
Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations -,0
The pharmacist is out: Supermarkets close pharmacy counters,0
Sears Advisers Have Racked Up $200 Million in Fees as Vendors Await Payment - #BankruptcyLaw,0
@SouthwestAir &amp; @FAANews continue to put Southwest's profits over passengers' safety with special treatment, all while Southwest made record profits of $3.2 bill in 2018 and $2.3 bill in 2019. @FlyersRights @ncl_tweets @WilliamJMcGee @CRAdvocacy,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via,0
Crazy government...,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
It’s no secret curb appeal helps sell a home, but a new algorithm is helping researchers determine just how much it adds to a property’s value. via,0
Supreme Courts Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration. This lifts the injunction imposed by a liberal court. Although it’s not the end of the matter, it’s a good indicator of the prospects for success.,0
#LongReads This line is so telling: (Apple is becoming) a company less identified with visionary leaders and more of an operations juggernaut with rich profit margins it intends to keep | Jobs, Cook, Ive—Blevins? The rise of #Apple’s cost cutter &lt;9/18&gt;,0
Supreme Courts Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people.Chinese police are interrogating people for “spreading rumors” on social media about the virus. via,0
Real estate supercycle: "New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown...Gains in home prices slow as world-wide residential investment continues to decline",0
U.K. Court Orders Russians to Pay $900 Million Over Bank Collapse:,0
Getting rid of all your stuff? A wide array of companies and services can help you decide whether to donate it, sell it or keep it. via #joneshomes,0
From opinion: People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag,0
@HealthMentor1 Wall Street Journal article today on a 75 yr old woman who will do a stair climbing competition at the Eiffel Tower next month:,0
Those DISGUSTING EVIL BASTARDS must learn-STOP EATING ANIMALS If they die than so be it Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
The #IPO of #mattress company #Casper will be a test of how much #WallStreet’s appetite for money-losing #startups has changed after #Uber and #WeWork. via #stockmarket #retail #DTC,0
Going to the store? No need to take your card or phone if Amazon has its way. The tech giant is working with the likes of Visa and JPMorgan to let consumers pay with wave of a hand vía,0
. quotes @realNerdOnTheSt, Yousef Abbasi, Global Market Strategist for US Institutional Equities for INTL FCStone Financial Inc.,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City -,0
Companies Restructure to Escape the Brunt of U.S. Sanctions #sanctions #secondarysanctions #ofac #venezuela #russia #canada,0
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory,0
@BetteMidler This is why? It’s hypocritical joe Biden actually threatened and you liberals say nothing.,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday.,0
@SecPompeo @GovRonDeSantis The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.,0
My family came here as refugees from the USSR in 1992 with ~$100 to their names. We were all “public charges.” Fast forward to today, my mom is a programmer, my dad is a civil engineer, and I work in cloud computing. This decision is a disgrace.,0
US Supreme Court allows #publiccharge rule to go into effect while litigation continues - the use of benefits like Medicaid, housing assistance or food stamps could make it harder for immigrants to receive permanent residency, undermining #publichealth,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it.,0
Big win for @POTUS The gov can use the designation to deny an immigrant a green card for permanent U.S. residency &amp; 2 determine which noncitizens can be barred from the U.S. Using benefits like Medicaid &amp; food stamps could render a person inadmissible.,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak,0
Number of #babyboomers entering retirement is expected to grow for several years, while the number of college-bound high school grads is projected to decline.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
Junior creditors want to undermine Sanchez Energy’s senior bondholders, questioning their claims to energy leases,0
Canada Begins Bumpy Nafta Ratification Process,0
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via,0
@StevenJHarper1 @davidfrum I mean Obama approved of this extortion (and yes, I know all the spin doctors working overtime to justify this, but it's on video).,0
move that nullifies an order by a federal appeals court that blocked the immigration restrictions while litigation was ongoing,0
Vacating titles goes too far, but the MLB commissioner is right to take a tough approach to sign stealing and all forms of cheating, writes Fay Vincent,0
In this important article, Martin Indyk, a former US diplomat and a former US Middle East peace envoy, explains his two main reasons why the US should disengage from the Middle East region.,0
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split,0
On the contrary, the Democratic Majority In US House Abused their power ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ did NOT abuse the power of President Another reason NOT to vote Democrat for US House! The House claims it, and only it, can define executive privilege.,0
Tech giants want regulation so they can lock in their dominance through #CronyCapitalism ⁦@AFPhq⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩,0
"China’s Xi Gives His No. 2 a Rare Chance to Shine in Coronavirus Fight, With Risks for Both President sets up Premier Li Keqiang as potential hero or scapegoat of crisis",0
👏👏👏 Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California,0
Jewish constitutional law professors hardest hit,0
"Use public-assistance programs or might use them in the future" Screw all our ancestors who came here with lint in their pocket and bootstrapped it - if you maybe could possibly use assistance GTFO? This is such a crummy, shallow version of America.,0
Time to enlist government to help entrench themselves,0
@guidry_ken @BlueSnoozeBlue @RepAdamSchiff All of the Financial Trades disagree with your Chicken Little opinion. Not happy with your EBT deposits?,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance (@brkend / Wall Street Journal),0
Prosecutor called out Prince Andrew for not following through on his statement that he would cooperate in the Jeffrey Epstein investigation. By ⁦@coryramey⁩,0
#SchumerMustTestify Schumer wrote publicly that Russia could re-exert influence over neighbors and US could help Russia become "whole again." Result- &gt; Russia invaded Ukraine/Crimea. Obama let them get away with that.,0
So much for basic human compassion and the values associated with the Statue of Liberty. Giving immigrants a helping hand as they get started in America is as American as apple pie.,0
⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ are forgetting how ⁦@BarackObama⁩ operated. #thuglife,0
Marketers, are you leveraging Industry 4.0 capabilities to better understand and serve your customers and markets? @DianaMOBrien #ReadinessReport,0
𝑺𝒖𝒑𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒆 𝑪𝒐𝒖𝒓𝒕 𝑨𝒍𝒍𝒐𝒘𝒔 𝑻𝒓𝒖𝒎𝒑 𝑹𝒖𝒍𝒆𝒔 𝑫𝒆𝒏𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑰𝒎𝒎𝒊𝒈𝒓𝒂𝒏𝒕𝒔 𝑹𝒆𝒔𝒊𝒅𝒆𝒏𝒄𝒚 𝑶𝒗𝒆𝒓 𝑷𝒖𝒃𝒍𝒊𝒄 𝑨𝒔𝒔𝒊𝒔𝒕𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆 . 👍🇺🇸👍,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Tehran is working to mend internal rifts that have broken into the open as it faces greater pressure than at any point since the 1979 Islamic Revolution,0
› articles › past-terror-attacks-on-british-targets-1495575... Past Terror Attacks on British Targets - May 23, 2017 - 10, 1996 The IRA announces an end to a monthslong cease-fire by exploding a bomb in London's Docklands (above), killing one and in,0
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory via,0
So much to love about this story: A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
In #Italy, fans, friends and players remember #KobeBryant, the #NBA legend who learned basketball there via,0
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ offered #ImmigrationReform based on a merit system similar to Canada and Australia. ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ rejected the offer and decided to go to court. Trump had even offered #DACA legal status! Democrats left we intransigent.,0
The president is expected to roll out the details of the long-delayed political blueprint his administration has crafted since 2017 via,0
Some residents of high-cost states are decamping for cheaper locales. The head of US residential lending at TD Bank, lives in the Chicago area and said he recently went to a party where it felt like everyone was planning their moves to Florida. via,0
@DFBHarvard Call in Schumer as a witness. He offered to help Russia become "whole again." While Obama was president, Russia decided to invade their former satellites. Heck!! Call in Obama as a witness.,0
The newly published diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, starts where the diary of Anne Frank stopped, according to the curator of a new exhibition in Berlin. via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏,0
Brewer Lane Ventures, new fintech and insurtech VC fund launched by New York Life's ex-president, held a first close toward a $200M first fund.,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
When used responsibly, #data can help us get context:,0
The Cboe Volatility Index climbed Monday to its highest level since the start of this year,0
This is ridiculous. “In the future?!” If you have child w/disability qualifying 4 SSI (disability income), they are denied residency and citizenship? Not America. “Supreme Court Allows Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance”,0
@gaye_gallops @sfchronicle Guess who else is coming to San Francisco? 😷,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat,0
You think the nation can't sink any lower, and then it does. Supreme Court alllows administration to deny legal immigrants a green card if they ever have, or ever might, need public assistance #publiccharge via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance via #evil #cruel #thecrueltyisthepoint,0
Perhaps the brisk air in Davos is waking investors up to the obvious? Whatever the reason, kudos to The Blackstone Group CEO for speaking up on climate change. “Ironically, it ends up being good economics,” #ESG #climate,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
From @wsj: Chip design firm @ArmHoldings predicted one trillion #IOT devices would be built between 2017 and 2035 $SRVR,0
Tehran is working to mend internal rifts that have broken into the open as it faces greater pressure than at any point since the 1979 Islamic Revolution,0
some really great bird/art content down in Texas atm,0
ECB Indicates It Will Leave Negative Rates In Place for Some Time - The ECB will only start raising its key interest rate, currently set at minus 0.5%, once eurozone inflation “robustly” meets the central bank’s target of just below 2%,0
"Salesforce’s “Cloudy with a Chance of Beatbox" took the stage last year at Salesforce’s Dreamforce convention, an event that drew 170,000 customers and other attendees to discuss technology and hear from speakers such as former President Barack Obama.",0
Democrats are working hard to hide the fact that 1. Schumer gave Russia the permission to ACTUALLY invade Ukraine/Crimea (said US should remove anti-missiles, help Russia become "whole again") 2. Obama ACTUALLY let Russia invade Ukraine/Crimea,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance Beautiful to see common sense prevail.,0
Shale producers are under pressure as investors sour on the sector via $XLE $USO,0
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Killed in Helicopter Crash,0
The West’s new populism confounds the plutocratic liberal elites whose agenda has long dominated the developed world, writes @gerardtbaker. via,0
State department charters plane to evacuate US citizens from Coronavirus Ground Zero Wuhan, China to San Francisco. "Sunday’s four-sentence notice said nothing about safety procedures, such as a possible quarantine...",0
Important story in,0
Shale producers are under pressure as investors sour on the sector,0
Trump Administration Plans to Expand Travel Restrictions to Seven Countries -,0
Winning.,0
markets: The Connecticut hedge-fund manager was caught up in New York state’s tax system in part because he still owned a five-bedroom waterfront vacation home on Shelter Island,0
Our latest: Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory. @wsj,0
China’s Xi Gives His No. 2 a Rare Chance to Shine in Coronavirus Fight, With Risks for Both President sets up Premier Li Keqiang as potential hero or scapegoat of crisis,0
The survey found that companies with AI initiatives led by the chief information officer saw value in 17% of cases. But when other C-level executives led AI efforts, that rose to 37%.,0
Have you heard about the new changes to FICO? If you're struggling with debt, these changes could make it even harder for you to get a personal loan. #AlternativeLending,0
Even the supposedly 'moderate' Dems—like Biden—would drastically raise taxes and take from the private economy.,0
@CNNPolitics No one was "blindsided" when Russia ACTUALLY invaded Ukraine. Chuck Schumer gave Russia the "go ahead." President Obama did nothing useful.,0
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via #driverless #selfdriving #autonomousvehicles #transportation #technology,0
Not enacting rent control has created a 'market opportunity ' across the Sunbelt as companies like Kushner Cos. plan to increase rents in apartment buildings. Investors Aim to Avoid Rent Control in New Apartment Deals,0
Most adults I know don’t want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? But roast it and it can be delicious.,0
At least 8 killed in #Alabama dock fire that destroyed at least 35 vessels by .@jencalfas,0
Justices let public-charge rule go into effect while litigation continues,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying #immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance (Welfare). Justices let public-charge rule go into effect while litigation continues! Let's take care of U.S. citizen poor and homeless FIRST. It's our tax dollars.,0
Sarah Abbasi, the founder and creative director of bridal label Sahroo, originally started her label as a traditional ready-to-wear brand. After launching ads featuring a pantsuit in different colors, she found the white set outperforming the others.,0
Shale producers are under pressure as investors sour on the sector,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us via,0
@Martin_Indyk explains his two main reasons why the US should disengage from the Middle East region.,0
The Tax Increases to Come via,0
Remote work is good for both companies and society. Upwork’s Future Workforce Report found many companies hiring outside their geographic area and reaping the benefits. @wsjcustom,0
How incredibly naive of the opinion Editorial Board to say, "there probably isn’t a business in America that doesn’t want or feel obligated to promote women and minorities"! #corpgov via,0
@rizzoTK Schumer suggested we sacrifice Russia's neighbors (Crimea, Ukraine) to Russia. (US get rid of antimissile defenses; US Help Russia become "whole again." ) Russia accepted Schumer's offer. Obama was President during the invasion.,0
The Tax Increases to Come via,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus -,0
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance via,0
GM’s Cruise plans to unveil production details for its robot taxi soon. ‘This is a fully engineered vehicle that’s on its way to production,’ Dan Ammann, Cruise CEO, says.,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via,0
"Rick Bechtel, head of U.S. residential lending at TD Bank, lives in the Chicago area and said he recently went to a party where it felt like everyone was planning their moves to Florida.",0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak—While Others Stay,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
Never have I read an interview hearing someone’s voice more than this one,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag,0
#Communist #censorship in #China and the #Coronavirus are a deadly cocktail. State-owned media is sweeping news of the virus under the rug. This accelerates the virus’s spread. Censorship kills.,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via,0
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death,0
#Russia dominating,0
@tomdmeyer @Ben_Dahlke @SohrabAhmari Random-assignment studies get around the selection bias issue and still find positive effects from private (especially religious) schools. E.g.,,0
What are the challenges that working mothers still face? #UnpaidWork #GenderData,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance via,0
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Texas Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. (Corrects earlier tweet, now deleted, that misidentified the center),0
Renault is planning to name former Volkswagen executive Luca de Meo as its chief executive at an extraordinary board meeting this week via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
This great piece highlights how much of the video on Amazon Prime are from sources that are conspiracy-oriented and NOT the type of content that would typically get access on services like @Netflix and @Hulu...something to keep in mind @PrimeVideo,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
Prosecutors Have Evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer - The Wall Street Journal,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance via,0
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus -,0
#Lenders extended $2.4 trillion in #home #loans last year, the most since 2006 (post-crisis),0
AOL Co-founder’s Riverfront Estate Becomes Priciest-Ever Home to Sell in the D.C. Area The 3-acre property, which includes a house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, sold for $45 million,0
How Job Interviews Will Transform in the Next Decade #futureofwork #remotework #economicdevelopment,0
Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy i knew it!! #faster #nike #runner,0
@jdawsey1 Trump did NOT hand Ukraine/Crimea to Russia on a silver platter. Democrats Schumer and Obama handed Ukraine/Crimea to Russia.,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
SCOTUS, grants the ad­minis­tra­tion’s emer­gency re­quest to start en­forc­ing the rules for now, a move that nul­li­fies an or­der by a fed­eral ap­peals court that blocked the im­mi­gra­tion re­stric­tions while lit­i­ga­tion was on­go­ing.,0
"For many younger workers, a day at the office comes with a sense of emptiness and the need to hide their true selves...Yet they find their jobs less meaningful and feel more friction between their values and those of their companies",0
What happens when #Republicans rule the SC: US #SupremeCourt OKs rules denying #immigrants residency if they use public assistance programs “or might use them in the future.“ via,0
Why top chefs are turning their attention to old diners,0
The $45 million sale is still the priciest residential sale on record in the Washington, D.C. area,0
Hire the right people and then get out of the way... #hiring #leadership #management,0
While the #coronavirus appears less virulent than SARS, the #CoronavirusOutbreak is poised to do more damage to China’s economy than the 2003 SARS epidemic.,0
In Noonan column cited favorably by Starr, she also wrote, unfavorably to Trump, about Pelosi's tactics: "It appears [Pelosi] was playing for time as investigators tried to develop more evidence. But... for what? The president couldn’t look more guilty.",0
Thank you @SenSanders! Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
On the 75th anniversary of the liberation of #Auschwitz, the Supreme Court upholds Trump’s rule to weed out poor foreigners needing public help.,0
How the Record-Breaking Sale of a Lichtenstein Painting Changed Agnes Gund’s Life via,0
If I win the lottery.. 🤣🤦‍♂️ - Take a trip below the surface of this 18,200-square-foot contemporary Craftsman-style home, and you’ll find yourself on the desert planet of Tatooine.,0
@AngrierWHStaff Starr's 160 page report in 1998 called for impeachment for "abuse of power." The very thing he says is not a basis today because it's not a violation of a statutory law.,0
Supreme Court says Trump administration can begin enforcing new rules to deny admission or residency to poor immigrants who might use food stamps and other public-assistance and welfare programs while case moves through courts. via,0
The Connecticut hedge-fund manager was caught up in New York state’s tax system in part because he still owned a five-bedroom waterfront vacation home on Shelter Island,0
ALLEGATION: NY Times alleges that John Bolton's book alleges that Trump tied Ukraine aid, etc FACT: Schumer said we should help RUSSIA BECOME WHOLE AGAIN. FACT: Russia invaded Ukraine/Crimea while Obama was Prez.,0
Hold the civets.,0
A few things that (perhaps, only perhaps) you did not know about #Davos and how it came about 50-long years ago. And it became what it is today.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance -,0
Many funds relying on this source of funding to lever their way to a minimally acceptable return versus demanding the right return from the marketplace... via @PaulJDavies,0
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency, and threatens to quit:,0
"Like war, impeachment is hell. Or, at least, presidential impeachment is hell," Mr. Starr said. Having never served, just like Trump, how in the hell would he know?,0
MyPOV: very well put on how the @davos @wef crowd see the world. Is it self-preservation or a commonwealth of self-interest? #wef20 . #StakeholderCapitalism empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, Richard J. Shinder,0
A divided Supreme Court has allowed the Public Charge rule to take effect. This will have a huge impact on legal immigration to the U.S. @MigrationPolicy estimates it could cut immigration from Latin america and Africa in half,0
@FrankFigliuzzi1 @MSNBC @DeadlineWH It is so easy to show Starr contradicting Starr. From 1998 : "Mr. Starr uses 160 pages to lay out why those facts may constitute grounds for impeachment for perjury, obstruction of justice and abuse of power." ABUSE OF POWER.,0
this outrageous policy is xenophobic and racist against welfare queens the world over,0
Voters across America (and especially high tax states like NJ with leadership wanting to raise those state taxes even more) must focus on stopping this madness before it kills economic and job growth in our country. Tax Increases to Come,0
DIVIDED 5-4 ⁦@Scotus⁩ Allows #Trump Rules DENYING any Immigrants Residency who use any type of #PublicAssistance ... so only wealthy white people will be able to immigrate to the #UnitedStates #WhatEvil #HowChristian ‼️ Is THIS what #Jesus taught?,0
Vulture Investors Swoop Into China to Feast on Soured Loans,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus -,0
See you in Iowa 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout -,0
@Pepechungus @son_of_hood @PixelatedBoot @criscrismai68 @Ian56789 The ordinary French people are sick of the violence. that’s why the remaining GJ have latched onto the pension reform protests.,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
Virus causes soul-searching over wild animal trade in China,0
New Jersey’s Economic Development Authority will change how the agency makes money after a state task force raised concerns about a potential conflict of interest,0
SARS Provides a Faulty Road Map for Oil Prices #OOTT,0
@MaximusPublius @WillPortello @ritabarbato17 @AndrewCMcCarthy So much wrong in so little space. A) There was no active investigation into Burisma. B) A reason cited for Shokin's removal was his *refusal* to assist in the UK's investigation on Zlochevsky.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance via EXCELLENT🗽🗽🗽,0
.@amazon's in-house orchestra -- how's your bassoon section? Asking for a friend. 👀,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Some of the country’s biggest tech companies followed suit. TikTok-owner Bytedance Inc. and social-media giant Tencent Holdings Ltd. both sent out notes urging mainland Chinese employees to work from home until at least Feb. 9. #coronavirus .⁦@rivm⁩,0
Bayer Looks to Emerging Technique to Overcome #AI #Data Challenges. Company plans to use ‘federated learning’ to access data it doesn’t own to identify promising drug compounds and help spot a rare gene mutation,0
#MoscowMitch Urges @GOPSenate Colleagues to Be Patient. The GOP-passed rules for the trial allow a vote on whether to open the door to Mr. Bolton or other witnesses, but lawmakers will not have to make up their minds for several days.,0
“We want Air India as a brand to continue to fly but we need to privatize it,” Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri said. The deadline for bids is March 17. via #corpgov #mergers #acquisitions #M&amp;A #divestitures #buyouts #takeovers,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
California regulators could potentially scuttle the $26 billion merger between T-Mobile and Sprint via #corpgov #mergers #acquisitions #M&amp;A #divestitures #buyouts #takeovers,0
State attorneys general, Justice Department officials to meet on Google investigation via,0
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via #corpgov #mergers #acquisitions #M&amp;A #divestitures #buyouts #takeovers,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via #corpgov #mergers #acquisitions #M&amp;A #divestitures #buyouts #takeovers,0
The Supreme Court allowed the Trump administration a rule denying green cards to legal immigrants who use or are likely to use public aid,0
Up to 10 million women across six mature economies, including the U.S. and Canada, will need to switch roles or careers by 2030 as their office-support jobs disappear by @RachelFeintzeig,0
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall. via,0
#WINNING Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Trump’s request for NATO to do more in Iraq caught the alliance by surprise. But it’s got a plan: to absorb trainers from the global coalition against ISIS into its mission. No new boots on the ground, but will the “rebranding” assuage Trump?,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
@GayleLeslie7 Bernie's campaign financials are as transparent as pea soup. He has the OR PAC and smaller local/regional ones that collect money/sell things "for the PAC," which really means "we'll do whatever the fuck we want with it." More here:,0
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal via,0
People who lie about their emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who really depend on them, writes Jason Haag. A new federal rule will keep untrained ‘emotional support animals’ off planes. via,0
Rep. Seth Moulton (MA) supports Biden (60).,0
Deep disagreements among #Iran rulers is not new. Airing it in public, including in @NYT is new.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Finally. This should make Ann Coulter happy (and all of us who want legal immigration).,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Francisco Partners and Hg are seeking to raise new technology-focused private-equity funds,0
The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler,0
@Jali_Cat @SenSchumer @AmbJohnBolton @TheJusticeDept @Jim_Jordan @GOP Schumer shot the "starter gun" for Russia to invade Crimea/Ukraine. Hillary gave uranium to Russia. Obama was President when Russia invaded Crimea. Why would Russia EVER want Trump as POTUS?,0
One other bit about corporate orchestras that I love: Almost nothing can kill them. The HP Symphony Orchestra, the Kodak Concert Band and the 3M Symphony all still exist today as community groups, surviving layoffs, business downturns and cuts in funding.,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Rules Denying Immigrants Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Terrain has shifted after allegations by former national security adviser John Bolton emerged contradicting elements of the White House’s argument.,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us #data #regulation #tech,0
"We underestimated the importance of the Cuban and Russian support for the regime”-US Offcl "Cuba provides Mr. Maduro w/ intelligence &amp; security services, helping to minimize defections in his govt." Svcs rendered how, exactly? Violence &amp; repression @wsj,0
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization.,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant by @jasongay,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance vía ⁦⁩,0
@WVPitt It's already an issue. Multiple studies have shown this current batch of new retirees that ushered in the era of divorce and 1-2 kids who have moved away are the most depressed and the loneliest.,0
We need a latter day Ella Grasso. The national consensus is clear: America’s current abortion system is wrong and must be rolled back, writes Carl Anderson via,0
Kobe Bryant first learned to play basketball in Italy. I spoke to his first coach: “He started re­ally play­ing bas­ket­ball in Reg­gio Cal­abria. It makes me very proud that this young kid be­came a star. But I’m ter­ri­bly upset about what hap­pened.”,0
What the biggest swing county in Iowa says about 2020,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a #pharmacist who now works at @Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
Mothafuccas Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance via,0
Tech-Focused Private-Equity Firms Pursue Billions as Sector Deals Rise via @rightrelevance,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
"No one is too small to take a stand." How wonderful to see The Story That Cannot Be Told in The Wall Street Journal! #historicalfiction #Romania #politics #thewallstreetjournal #kidlit #middlegradebooks #fairytale #folklore,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
The U.N. and Human Trafficking -,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
: 34ed5016-524a-4ae2-81ce-04877bef8fbe,0
More detailed info about the virus.,0
@jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai Still no word on quarantine plans for the 200+ American citizens and their family members flying back to the U.S. from Wuhan. @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai @efindell,0
So... Bank-Mergers in the European Union are supposed to get easier because „the belief grows that scale is the key to reviving the struggling sector“. Nice move on #TooBigToFail, @Lagarde! 🤦‍♂️,0
“In an apparent nod to the reports about the John Bolton book, he says: ‘We deal with transcript evidence, we deal with publiclyavailable information. We do not deal with speculation, allegations that are not based on evidenciary standards at all.’”,0
Band geeks unite! Classical orchestras are thriving in an unlikely place: corporate America. My a-hed on the symphonies thriving inside Amazon, Google, the Texas Medical Center in Houston and beyond:,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
He once oversaw the country’s student-loan portfolio. Now A. Wayne Johnson is quitting the Trump administration and calling for student debt to be canceled via,0
Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
The Wall Street Journal. - Supreme Court Allows Trump Administration to Implement Immigration Rules Denying Residency Over Public Assistance,0
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses,0
@RalphMusgrave @tyillc @twittarmatthaus I’d have to hunt for it. I don’t recall the preferred stock terms. Here was one of many TARP articles at the time.,0
#MondayThoughts: #Housing markets across the world, from the #UK to China to #Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the #global #economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the #financial crisis. #realestate #investments,0
We are coming to Iowa! ⁦@TeamTrump⁩ will be sending over 80 surrogates to the Iowa caucuses in an unprecedented show of strength. ⁦@parscale⁩: “This will be the strongest, best funded, and most organized presidential campaign in history.”,0
: 6ace34fe-de60-4420-8b18-edfece318081,0
Renewable energy is a misnomer. Building one wind turbine requires 900 tons of steel, 2,500 tons of concrete and 45 tons of plastic, writes Mark P. Mills via,0
As the Fed continues to flail,they keep coming up with ever more desperate measures. This one is effectively UNLIMITED QE "With yield caps, by contrast, the Fed would commit to purchase unlimited amounts at a particular maturity to peg rates at the target",0
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger -,0
Want to kill a robust economy? Then, raise taxes on companies and the middle class. We know this is what Democrats would do, because they have all said it.,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
Independent grocery pharmacies are closing across the country due to PBMs and the increased DIR fees assessed retroactively on pharmacies that serve Medicare part D beneficiaries. DIR fees have increased 47,000% since 2010 #fixDIR,0
“I could see red outside our bedroom window,” said Ms. Durham, 32 years old. “I opened the curtains, and I could see the dock was up in flames.”,0
In 2056, billions of people will be wealthier, healthier and happier than ever before, thanks to the greatest democratization of wealth and well-being that the world has ever known, according to a new book. via,0
High-frequency traders earn nearly $5 billion on global stock markets a year by taking advantage of slightly out-of-date prices, imposing a small but significant tax on investors, a new study says. —  #HFT,0
@JoeBiden The most important task for Democrats in 2020 is to get Donald Trump out of the White House. Vice President Biden is the best candidate to do that.,0
markets: Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession,0
markets: Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus,0
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession,0
@ThoughtSlime I have an article you might be interested in 👀,0
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak,0
Why Bolton Represents a Big Wild Card in Impeachment via,0
"tulipomania" Trump is a pluperfect idiot since he thinks he controls the markets. via,0
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger,0
Trump Attorneys Consider Retooling Arguments After Bolton Revelations via,0
Bolton Attorney and NSC Trade Blame for Leak via,0
The younger the child, the lower the caregiver’s pay. “It’s really misaligned with scientific data about the importance of the first three years,” says advocate for early education via,0
David, what r ur thoughts on Lyn's comments to Hussman's tweet re: flaws in Fed capping rates. This would let them *deflate* the debt &amp; hurt tbill investors. Ty. article on Fed potentially capping rates in next down cycle here: @DaveHcontrarian,0
#JobsOverJail a job is one if the best ways to reduce #recidivism employing returning citizens will rebuild lives and promote growth.,0
Schumer: If GOP Rejects Calling Bolton, 'They're Going to Be Part of the Cover-Up' via,0
Companies Falter in Making Diversity and Inclusion a C-Suite Job - Wall Street Journal #DigitalMarketing #EmployeeAdvocacy,0
In the early days, shared-scooter companies Lime and Bird would sometimes ship parts and scooters by air, at 10 times the cost, to meet inventory needs,0
Graham Says He's Open to Bolton for Biden Witness Trade via,0
@marcorubio The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.,0
Six elegant bags in crocodile, python and iguana add an exotic touch to any outfit.,0
GOP Senators Decry Last-Minute Nature of Bolton Book Revelations via,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost,0
Interesting. reporting that federal officials are asking around the dairy industry about the potential market impact of bankrupt Dallas-based Dean Foods' merger with the Dairy Farmers of America.,0
Murkowski 'Still Curious' About Possible Bolton Testimony via,0
All #Heresay! Why Bolton Represents a Big Wild Card in Impeachment - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
NEW: Tuesday's planned evacuation flight from Wuhan, originally scheduled for San Francisco, will now land in Ontario, Calif., east of Los Angeles. Another scoop by @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai, with some great color from the anxious Americans in Wuhan.,0
Kobe Bryant's Life and Career in Photos,0
This story that the Trump Administration is ignoring restrictions mandated by Congress on buying Huawei products is not getting the attention it deserves amid the Bolton and Kobe hoopla. Another quid pro quo? What did Trump get from China in return?,0
Alexander Holds His Cards Close to His Chest via,0
The MSM hated @AmbJohnBolton before they loved him.,0
Graham Says He's Open to Bolton for Biden Witness Trade via,0
Some people with seats on the flight were told the destination would Ontario, Calif., a city east of Los Angeles. via,0
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split #MBSandJBpeasInApod-oneAmurderingTyrantTheOtherAgreedyTaxCheat,0
Bezos Hack Report Puzzles Cyberexperts Investigation by FTI appears to be inconclusive, several specialists in cybersecurity say #JeffBezos #cybersecurity #technews,0
So much winning. By all means, let's use the exact same methodology that has proven totally useless in Cuba.,0
@Aaronsayswhat @growinginYoga @Progress_isGood @_kurtbond @EvesBlue19 @ThisThatOther2 @HelloDearVoid @denisewu @ToddHeadleeAZ @realDonaldTrump Say what?,0
Ken Starr just quoted from @Peggynoonannyc's column. "Impeachment has now been normalized. It won’t be a once-in-a-generation act but an every-administration act. Democrats will regret it when Republicans are handing out the pens.",0
The U.S. hopes to complete a new trade agreement with the U.K. by the end of this year, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said,0
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 are seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest projection since third-quarter 2017,0
A national up to date registry should be kept on any and all companies, institutions etc where sexual abuse of any sort should be compiled and out for the public!!!!Why we still know, and are doing, so little about teacher sex abuse via,0
So much concern that cooling prices will slow the global economy, but then there's this: "Cooling home prices could have a positive effect: Pricey markets could become more affordable and make a collapse in the property market less likely.",0
2020 Kia Telluride: A SUV that is equipped to provide parents with a peaceful ride -,0
@yoghurteater Really? Yet you still couldn’t provide an example of a brexiter using violent threats?,0
A Veteran Screenwriter Makes Jane Austen Sexy -,0
Harvard Professor Clayton M. Christensen Turned His Life Into a Case Study,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
@RepRalphNorman @realDonaldTrump Antisemitic incidents in US surged 57% in 2017, the largest increase since the Jewish civil rights group began collecting data. Jewish groups scolded the president last year for not mentioning antisemitism in a statement about the Holocaust.,0
@yoghurteater Yes let’s.,0
Encap’s Southland files Chapter 11 after $800mm equity marked at a 1x last quarter. Another example of egregious private marks in E&amp;P land.,0
So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It,0
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via,0
Nope. Never. Not even a little bit. "Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane?" via,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.: #exchanges #trading #HFT #HFTs,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months The inevitable may be slow, but eventually...,0
Apple’s biggest surprise won’t be a new iPhone, but a push into home technology. They’re going to invest heavily into their HomePod and surprise everyone with a TV,0
What issues are top of mind for CPOs? Top three things that need more focus to deliver additional value. Find out now... via @Deloitte#supplychain #Sourcing #Procurement #SpendManagement #Technology,0
‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder,0
Great article in about micro-fulfillment in eGrocery, featuring our client @TakeoffTech. Thank you, @jensmith!,0
#Wuhan mayor blames Beijing for secrecy surrounding #nCov epidemic.,0
Will 5G Reinvent Working From Home? - The Wall Street Journal #5G CC:@Ronald_vanLoon,0
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe,0
#coronavirus: Premier Li now tasked to lead China govt efforts to combat the virus outbreak; as Xi concentrated power, that’s a rare spotlight on Li. He could now be remembered as the hero of the cri­sis; or the guy who screwed it up. ⁦@JNBPage⁩,0
$DEAC Mobile Sports Betting Is the Moneymaker as More States Legalize Some states that disallow mobile wagers, like Mississippi, have brought in less tax revenue than expected from sports gambling,0
A good read - fewer than 2 out of 5 report business gains from AI in the past three years!!! Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. via,0
@Thatdirtywragon @jackcalifano I call it bullshit.,0
😢 New rental completion hits three-decade high, as for-sale home prices continue to climb Just more of what we don't need; high end-luxury rentals. Join The 200 and let's get to focus back on affordable homeownership &amp; end the #Housing #Crisis for good!.,0
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers via,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via,0
#BreakingNews More troops heading to #Iraq.,0
The Tax Increases to Come via,0
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey,0
Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus,0
The Tax Increases to Come via Even Joe Biden would raise the top marginal rate on work to over 50%.,0
Sprint Continues to Lose Customers as It Waits for T-Mobile Verdict,0
The 3-acre property, which includes a house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, sold for $45 million.,0
“Right now, the company is priced like many things in the market - to perfection.” For $AAPL to have doubled and now be worth $1.4 trillion is a little ridiculous IMO. ⁦@trippmickle⁩ B1,0
John Kim, former president of New York Life, kicked off his new fintech vc firm, Brewer Lane Ventures, with its first deal. He led the B round in Socotra, an insurance infrastructure startup.,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws,0
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split,0
$GM GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks,0
How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy via,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via,0
The Fed’s commitment to low rates will likely remain in place until inflation is clearly above its 2% target, giving investors a green light to not worry about the central bank tightening policy for a very long time via,0
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout - The Wall Street Journal,0
latest on #coronavirus: Wuhan mayor says his hands were tied by rules that required Beijing approval before releasing sensitive info; Premier Li, now heading govt efforts to combat virus, visits Wuhan. By ⁦@joshchin⁩ and team,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela,0
"To combat the creation of hollow online selves, parents should encourage identity-building activities such as team sports, meditation or volunteerism...",0
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via,0
Matthew Rees reviews “Immortality, Inc.” by Chip Walter,0
The Wall Street Journal: The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters.,0
"In most industries, federal laws protect workers with disabilities, including mental illness. Church is an exception.",0
Warehousing as a service: Retailers are turning to ‘pop-up’ warehouses and short-term leases to position goods closer to customers. #logistics #ondemand #warehouses #supplychain #infill #realestate / @flexe Logistics @TeamStowga @CBREIndustrial,0
The Awkward Heirloom: No-One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat -,0
With the leadoff Iowa caucuses days away, President Trump’s re-election campaign wants to remind voters that Democrats aren’t the only game in town,0
GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
Renault Looks to Former VW Executive for Turnaround After Ghosn Crisis,0
“EDA staff told the task force that the fees didn’t af­fect how they de­ter­mined awards, ac­cord­ing to the re­port, and the task force didn’t find ev­i­dence to con­tra­dict that.” More waste of taxpayer money ($11m &amp; counting) by the rigged task force.,0
The 2020 Subaru Outback XT is an outstanding SUV no matter where it dwells.,0
Honestly, he has a point. It also applies to the housing market...why should those who were speculators be saved by those who were fiscally responsible?,0
“We want Air India as a brand to continue to fly but we need to privatize it,” Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri said. The deadline for bids is March 17. via,0
Chinese Authorities Rush to Build New Hospital to Contain Coronavirus,0
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
A look at how companies are restructuring to free themselves from U.S. sanctions,0
: 50cd5234-2b9b-43ad-bef9-b615ad7c86f7,0
Doing some research for my first billionaire romance and stumbled across this. What's in your wardrobe? (Mine still has my fave jeans from 4 years ago lol.),0
Can India afford to get prickly with big foreign companies? This is the question raised by the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party’s frosty welcome to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos last week. Read @dhume's opinion here.,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat,0
As China seeks to dominate the field of artificial intelligence, the lack of robust intellectual property protections for U.S. computer-based technologies is deeply concerning, write Paul R. Michel and Matthew J. Dowd via,0
GILD said Wednesday it's in discussions with U.S. and Chinese researchers about the potential use of its experimental drug remdesivir as a potential treatment. Gilead said remdesivir has been active against other coronaviruses in lab and animal studies.,0
Pleased to share our op-ed in the from Friday. It's great to write with Chief Judge Paul Michel (ret.) of the Federal Circuit. Important issue of #patents, #intellectualproperty, and U.S. innovation.,0
Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns,0
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California - Wall Street Journal,0
@HillaryClinton Hillary Clinton&amp;Ukraine A letter released Monday raises questions beyond the Bidens;highlighted news reports that, during the 2016 presidential election,“Ukrainian government officials tried to help Hillary Clinton..." #YourCanOfWormsIsAsBigAsHis #Grifters,0
LIVE ANALYSIS: Trump's impeachment trial resumes with the president's defense team holding its second day of arguments,0
A year ago today, the @USTreasury removed sanctions from RUSAL, the Russian aluminum firm, after its holding company agreed to a divestment deal that further stripped billionaire Oleg Deripaska's voting rights,0
In 8⃣ days, the Legislature opens its 2020 session. The Wall St. Journal wrote this weekend that it has serious obstacles to reforming our corrections system to a minimum Constitutional standard. We'll see if they succeed.,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via @andrewlbeaton great story with valuable leadership lessons,0
When Apple Didn’t Pad Its Margins - Wall Street Journal,0
markets: Apple's first iPad was also the first time the company took a deliberate hit to margins to grab share. And it wouldn't be the last. djtgallagher for heard explains:,0
markets: A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy,0
U.S. Sets Evacuation Plan From Coronavirus-Infected Wuhan @wsj,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. @jessdonati,0
3⃣ NBA Legend Kobe Bryant Reportedly Killed in Helicopter Crash – by @bzcohen via Wall Street Journal,0
@redmcgraw1 @ErinOTooleMP Maybe this is just a blip. Maybe not.,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ via,0
#Reading AB InBev Taps Machine Learning to Root Out Corruption -,0
Apple's first iPad was also the first time the company took a deliberate hit to margins to grab share. And it wouldn't be the last. @djtgallagher for heard explains:,0
@crystalhefner hopefully this can lead to Chinese government intervention on how Chinese treat animals there. Laws to protect all animals wild or not. The Wall Street Journal: Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade. via @GoogleNews,0
Interesting! And so many questions about measurement, inference, and sampling, in one seemingly simple research study. #Statistics,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay beautifully written. via,0
"We believe the best way to continue to maximize shareholder value is to explore our options." via,0
Can Hydrogen Fuel the World's Fast-Growing Energy Needs?,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Coordination between state attorneys general and the Justice Department, on a similar scale to the effort during the 1990’s Microsoft suit, is not a good sign for Google. If bipartisan support holds up, federal antitrust action is highly likely.,0
HAPPENING NOW: Health risk fears relating to the #coronavirus take a hit on the stock market 📉 (via ),0
First stop on the Trump train: Iowa! 🇺🇸 “Our Caucus Day operation is just a preview of what is to come. This will be the strongest, best funded, and most organized presidential campaign in history.” — @parscale,0
Europe: weak link in modest global recovery. Did IMF get their sums wrong?,0
@DCBooksChatter Here is the list that was referenced in this week's episode:,0
Crowdfunding firms sought to transform real-estate investing the way Amazon changed retail. It hasn’t worked out that way. via,0
GOP Senators Decry Last-Minute Nature of Bolton Book Revelations,0
Trump Hosts Israeli Political Rivals @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp,0
A beautiful personal essay about the uncertainty of #pregnancy complications by @rachelfeintzeig, featuring thoughts by Ariadne Labs’ @neel_shah in . “As a mother-to-be discovered in her distress, much of #prenatalmedicine is still a mystery” →,0
The Other Message in Redbone’s ‘Come and Get Your Love’,0
#Alabama’s prisons are understaffed, overcrowded and violent. The homicide rate is the highest in the U.S., and increasing. Last fiscal year, 11 incarcerated people were killed—more than in any year on record in two decades.,0
The Indian government plans to sell its entire stake in Air India, making it more attractive to potential buyers but risking triggering protests by workers' unions,0
Grocery store pharmacies across the country finding it harder to stay in business More grocery store pharmacies are closing as the healthcare industry consolidates, and retail pharmacy giants like CVS and Walgreens continue to dominate, ...,0
When you consider a new job, do you think about the cultural fit? You should. ~,0
Despite sanctions, military threats and public protests, the Islamic Republic will survive as long as the establishment remains united. And for now it is. My latest on #Iran,0
Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns,0
Q4 2019 survey includes a special section on climate change. Read more in the @CFOJournal.,0
Nine in 10 #CXOs expect #climatechange to have a negative impact on their organizations per Deloitte’s #ReadinessReport. Read more in Risk.,0
#Economy Week Ahead: Durable Goods, Inflation, Fed Policy via econ,0
Nine in 10 #CXOs expect #climatechange to have a negative impact on their organizations per Deloitte’s #ReadinessReport. Read more in Risk.,0
Team Trump coming in hot for the Iowa caucuses! "The campaign sees the night as an opportunity to test its organizational muscle across the state’s 99 counties and put on a show of strength in a key general election state.",0
“Russia now handles more than two-thirds of Venezuela’s crude oil.... Yet with an election, impeachment and attention turned to the Middle East, Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner...”,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via,0
Italy’s centre left seems to have held off Salvini. For now?,0
To improve efficiency and fulfill orders more quickly, grocers are testing micro-fulfillment systems. @jensmith shares more on :,0
The SynFrog costs $150, which includes five refurbishments in which the synthetic frogs are refilled and resealed. Science class will never be the same. via,0
Sen. Ron Johnson: “My guess is John Bolton tells the truth.” Johnson spoke to Bolton in August about his concerns about the frozen aid, he told last year. Bolton told him to talk to Trump directly.,0
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency -,0
Junk bond maturities shrinking, less risky? Methinks that’s where the rot may start.,0
gave wrong link in (now deleted) tweet last wk- Corrected: used crap is US economy today? Funny because 2nd-hand garments is Africa's major economic driver. We're now 3rd world.,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy,0
Watch Live: Trump impeachment trial is set to resume,0
Global housing markets are losing steam.,0
EU: no curb on bank mergers. Often near fatal, think of RBS &amp; CreditAnstald.,0
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via,0
One of America's most beloved performers, Eddie Murphy has been making audiences laugh since he was a teenager.,0
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard,0
“Netflix Subscriber Growth Falls Short in U.S., but Leaps Abroad Streaming firm faces rising competition in home market, and misses its October domestic forecast”,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Deutsch Bank appoints former state envoy to board. Need help in high places?,0
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger,0
@atorres519 @kylegriffin1 @realDonaldTrump EDUCATION U.S. Job Openings Outnumber Unemployed by Widest Gap Ever,0
Not that facts matter to Republicans in the #SenateTrial, but former national security advisor #Bolton accuses #Trump in his new book #Trump of #QuidProQuo. #PresidentTeletubby is obviously guilty. Awkward.,0
You may have noticed fewer grocery-owned pharmacy counters in the past few years—turns out that's a national trend. Too small to get competitive rates on drugs compared to PBMs like CVS and Walgreens, they're the latest victims of industry consolidation:,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
Murkowski on hearing from John Bolton: I said before, I was curious about what Ambassador Bolton might have to say, I'm still curious.”,0
Thank you @sethmoulton for supporting the next President of the United States, @JoeBiden !! Your neighbors to due South of you appreciate it! :),0
@pggntfn @KDejong25 @nytimes And then there's this:,0
@LadyBouachir @KMOV Not lethal defensive aid, only nonlethal. Or are you referring to The Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances? Appeasing Russia on Obama's part even with nonlethal aid. Article from 2015. There're many reports like this.,0
Scientists are increasingly realizing that we are wired to focus on bad things far more than good. In 2020, we can resolve to reverse that. via,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America,0
Murkowski: “I said before, I was curious about what Ambassador Bolton might have to say, I'm still curious.” by @nataliewsj,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via @sharonterlep @_jaewonkang,0
A U.S. oil company confirms one of Mexico’s largest oil discoveries of the last two decades vía #pemex #petroleo,0
Fed plans to add yield-curve control as a tool to fight next recession. In October FOMC minutes, Fed officials already discussed its pros and cons.,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy,0
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands via @annie_gasparro,0
Derby’s Take: Looming Treasury Bill Shortage Creates Problem for Fed,0
@desertveteran @CraigRozniecki You still there Cavalry??? These FACTS getting in the way of your feel feels hahahahaha.,0
The U.N. and #HumanTrafficking - The Wall Street Journal,0
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via,0
If we completely cured cancer, average lifespan would only increase by 2.8 years. That’s why we need explicit anti-aging research.,0
Excellent analysis of tax increases to come if the wrong [Dems] get elected,0
'Their push to join in the policy debate is motivated in part by a sense that a wave of new regulation is inevitable. Top executives want to help steer the outcome as much as possible, and many also fear the impact of a patchwork of laws around the world.',0
@jackie16467946 @DeanObeidallah @realDonaldTrump Weak dollar huh. And stop lying a out making 60k in gold.,0
A U.S. oil company confirms one of Mexico’s largest oil discoveries of the last two decades via #OilandGas #OOTT #Energy #Upstream,0
Help! I’m Trapped Inside TikTok and I Can’t Get Out,0
Forget Democrats and Republicans. The interests of a third party, History, are more important, writes @peggynoonannyc,0
State attorneys general, Justice Department officials to meet on Google investigation,0
From : #5G continues to be a hefty investment for #telecom companies with no clear winner in sight. Why bet on winners and losers? $SRVR - Mission critical assets powering 5G and #cloud,0
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to heal rifts opened amid protests and U.S. pressure,0
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via,0
@Rewire_News In NYC over 50% of pregnant Black women pay blood money to rogue OB/GYNs to have their unborn black children poisoned, suctioned, sliced, diced, dismembered &amp; bloody exsanguinated to death w/ impunity. More are murdered than are born alive! #ProLife #KAG,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ What a disgraceful Clown!,0
Excellent opinion piece ... Schumer Whiffs Impeachment -,0
@desertveteran @CraigRozniecki Hey Cavalry. Maybe do a quick google search before embarrassing yourself. In this battle of wits you are obviously unarmed.,0
Now, one of the world’s richest men and one of the most powerful princes are archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal. via,0
The FISA judges hire an FBI apologist to restore the secret court’s credibility.,0
Air-Traffic Control Is in the Midst of a Major Change,0
Globalization is one big tautology: DoD objects to a rule intended to strengthen nat’l security on [checks notes] nat’l security grounds| Proposed rules making it harder for U.S. firms to sell to Huawei from overseas facilities are withdrawn,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
Grocery delivery goes small with micro-fulfillment centers. #eCommerce #eGrocery #logistics,0
Can @Navarro_Cheer's Coach Monica still perform like one of her champions in “Cheer”? “I did a back handspring a couple years ago and my body hurt for a whole day after it,” she says. “I admire their hard work and I watch, but that’s about it.”,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
.@BetsyDeVosED is at #moleg today, speaking to the annual meeting of the Federalist Society. Yup. The organization that judges were just recently banned from joining:,0
Experts say true New Yorkers never dab their pizza slice with a napkin to blot the oil. And ketchup on a hot dog? Ugh. via,0
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via,0
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East,0
Good explainer on tech giants trying to fend off public accountability and checks to their power: First, it presents what tech co's are claiming to want "please regulate us!" Then, provides historical/comparative examples to show whats likely going down,0
"Home Grass Delivers the Green without the Fuss!" - The Wall Street Journal #TurfTekUSA #Turf #SyntheticLawn #SyntheticGrass #TurfLawn #YearRound,0
Rep. Seth Moulton has endorsed Joe Biden for the Democratic Party’s nomination for president, citing what he said was the former V.P.’s ability to build a coalition within the party and proven foreign-policy credentials. via,0
In a Wall Street Journal ranking of industries and companies for diversity and inclusion, financial firms came out on top via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
@etxberria55 NPR... really??? A liberal one sided news outlet... BYE...,0
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis.,0
Use innovations in your science classes,0
Eating animals kills both ways. Meat is deadly. “Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade” -,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via,0
“We’ve had 10 years of demand exceeding supply,” Hamid Moghadam of Prologis said. “Demand is actually constrained in many cases because of the unavailability of space.” via,0
A new cloud over the global economy may be formingt as housing markets around the world seem to be losing steam. via,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies,0
I have no problems if your feet remain in socks and on the ground. But putting bare feet into someone else's bubble is always a no-no, whether on a plane or not.,0
Trump Reportedly Wants to Go After Amazon–and Its Stock Tanked,0
Marsha O’Loughlin “I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower Boxing , Spin and Boot Camp,0
why do the law makers think legalizing pot would bring in more revenue than legalizing sports betting? unless they just want legal weed to smoke. @NYGovCuomo #NEWYORK #nycvote,0
I'm tired y'all and legislative session hasn't even started.,0
'High-frequency traders earn nearly $5 billion on global stock markets a year by trading shares at slightly out-of-date prices, imposing a small but significant tax on investors, a new study says.',0
markets: Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank,0
Interesting article by @JNBPage on how economic czar Li Keqiang becoming the new face of China's efforts to contain the coronavirus. No. 2 in Party but has been labelled weakest prime minister in decades by Economist back in 2015:,0
The is normally not my go to source for literary review, but this by @Sam_Sacks is the best, most thoughtful text I've found in English about Antal Szerb's books. It gives 'Journey by Moonlight' the accolades it deserves.,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
Microsoft plans to eliminate all the carbon emissions it has ever produced via,0
"Violent re-rating" is an apt description for Apple's stock over the past year. Gives tomorrow's Q1 results an extra bar to clear. @trippmickle has the look for -,0
Tech giants to governments: regulate us. New laws on monopolies, security, and privacy are inevitable so might as well get in front of it: #Davos @Google @amazon @Apple @Facebook,0
U.S. Signals Crackdown on Counterfeit Goods Sold Online -,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it.,0
Big thanks to @JoannLublin for including my workplace culture advice for those looking for a job in her article!,0
Deadly infection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening consumer spending and the country’s economy via,0
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via,0
“This incident should be used as an opportunity to rectify the chaos” in China’s wildlife trade, said a petition published on Thursday by 19 prominent Chinese scientists, including a former head of Peking University.,0
Kleiner Perkins is already eyeing a new $600 million fund because its recently refreshed team has been investing faster than expected, according to sources,0
'Analysts expect earnings in the energy sector to rebound in the first quarter of the year, as they have a lower bar to clear in terms of year-earlier financial comparisons.',0
Going to the store? No need to take your card or phone if Amazon has its way. The tech giant is working with the likes of Visa and JPMorgan to let consumers pay with wave of a hand via,0
The Tax Increases to Come ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ never learn. Taxes kill the economy, stifle entrepreneurs, &amp; only serve to put more power in the hands of disgusting politicians. Just say no to democrats (and ⁦@MittRomney⁩ ),0
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus,0
Fitch Ratings found that once retailers file for bankruptcy, nearly half succumb to liquidation, more than in other sectors via,0
"Amid our huge, unplanned experiment with social media, new research suggests that many American adolescents are becoming more anxious, depressed and solitary",0
Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank,0
They hated him before they loved him 😳,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
‘He Is a Dictator’ This about sums it up...,0
Business activity in the U.S. improved in early 2020, contrasting weaker economic performance in some of the world's other major economies. The pickup was mainly due to growth in the services sector, via @PaulHannon29,0
We would like to think you are never too old to do anything. For sure, you are never too old to get the home you want!,0
Manhattan prosecutors have worked to blunt Harvey Weinstein's defense that his accusers were too chummy with the Hollywood producer to be rape victims. by @thedeannapaul,0
General Motors said it will build a new autonomous vehicle at a plant in Detroit, solidifying its hometown as a hub of future technology as it bets big on driverless and electric vehicles.,0
@SenatorRomney And on University campuses,0
Stanford University's conservative leaning @HooverInst refutes the notion a #publicoption for healthcare is a moderate approach to universal coverage in this editorial by @lanheechen,0
Union-Pacific Says It Will Need 3,000 Fewer Workers in 2020 -,0
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to hand over responsibility for a deadly coronavirus outbreak to his No. 2, Premier Li Keqiang, represents a role reversal with risks and opportunities for both men,0
Portuguese Banker Named in Angola Fraud Case Is Found Dead:,0
Review: Gwyneth Paltrow’s Netflix project is more informercial for her semi-notorious lifestyle brand than a show,0
@SenatorRomney ACTION👇,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
@stablegenius53 @rgoodlaw @PreetBharara They did,0
Kobe Bryant stood out as a ferocious competitor who battled through injury, clashed with teammates and led the Lakers to five championships through force of will. via,0
Bolton is ready and able body to throw a wrench 🔧 into Con Dons Trumps impeachment. Remember Bolton’s book will be released and the facts or truth will be out no matter what,0
@BillGertz @marcorubio @Jkylebass @MischaEDM @robert_spalding @BaldingsWorld @IanHFletch @WarrenPlatts @anderscorr @geoff_p_wade @GregWAutry @DanRDimicco @joshrogin @ding_gang @BRICBreaker @SariArhoHavren @JohnHemmings2 @dktatlow @RobertClark87 @AMFChina @ajphelo @benedictrogers @JackHHazlewood @1stculturetours @BenKTallmadge @IndoPac_Info @BoycottHegemony @RoyalSkinFood @halliburton50 @maryann_3040 @VOG2020 @sarawei3 @HimalayaGlobal @AndrewSErickson #China’s #Censorship Helps Spread the #Coronavirus. Consider the Spanish flu, which killed 50 million in 1918-19 as governments at war suppressed the news.,0
Italy's oil king is on trial for alleged corruption even as he tries to secure another three years as CEO of state energy giant Eni. A take on Claudio Descalzi by @sarah_mcfarlane @EricSylvers,0
"It’s Like I Got Kicked Out of My Family." Churches Struggle With Mental Health in the Ranks. #MentalHealth #SuicidePrevention,0
The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies. via,0
The president is expected to roll out the details of the long-delayed political blueprint his administration has crafted since 2017,0
Join us @CGDev on Thursday January 30 -- A Conversation with Kristalina Georgieva @KGeorgieva @IMFnews @masoodcCGD on global economic outlook [report results now must take into account #coronavirus effects],0
Matthew Rees reviews “Immortality, Inc.” by Chip Walter via,0
“The U.S. hopes to complete a new trade agreement with the U.K. by the end of this year, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Saturday.”,0
Everything Tyler, the Creator has put out has on some level been about flouting boundaries, whether it’s boundaries on acceptable speech, between musical genres or on identity:,0
@NYPDShea @REspositoNYC H/t to @ChapmanReports who had the story on Tisch first with an exclusive interview,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant by @jasongay,0
The popular dating app plans to start offering users an option to hit a panic button, receive check-ins to make sure they feel safe, and even summon authorities to their location.,0
Scalping the market has its costs....Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income,0
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via,0
'The Fed’s new tune on policy is giving investors something akin to perfect knowledge of what rates will be in the future, allowing them to take on more risk.',0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
So much for states' rights. The White House threatens to withhold funding if the state doesn’t end its requirement that insurers cover abortion via,0
China Virus Epicenter’s Streets Deserted as Hospitals Struggle to Cope,0
As many as 30% to 50% of chronic pain patients will respond to placebos even when they know it isn’t an active medication, a growing body of evidence shows. via,0
This was always up for debate amongst my coworkers. ⁦@Delta⁩ has always been my favorite airline, but for some reason the majority of people I’ve asked say they like ⁦@SouthwestAir⁩ the best.,0
The U.N. and Human Trafficking -,0
New business idea - brokering the sale of heirloom fur coats from American Boomers who have a guilty conscience to fashionable Ukrainian women who don't. via,0
"It has some appeal as a way to reinforce forward guidance. You’re going to keep rates lower for a long time, and ‘you really mean it.'",0
: Tech giants are following the path of oil and insurance companies by publicly calling for vague regulations but then privately lobbying to water down or kill specific plans. The objective is to steer public policy &amp; avoid far-reaching antitrust action,0
“Aquaphor is another thing I can’t live without," says Billie Eilish. "I always have a tube on me because, dude, it works.",0
Smart. "A common mistake companies make is to assume that their AI strategy should be considered primarily from a technology perspective",0
@realDonaldTrump You support white supremacists.,0
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession,0
#GoodNews that's close to home. As long as the #labor #market remains strong, companies have a good reason to invest in #SecondChance hiring.,0
#Recipe for a #Cake Seriously Worth the Splurge - The Wall Street Journal,0
A chronic problem in U.S. foreign policy: declare maximalist objectives (regime change being the most maximal); overestimate our effectiveness; and underestimate the staying power and/or brutality of adversaries, particularly those backed by major powers.,0
"Many Trump administration officials are accustomed to shocking headlines related to the White House that bring intense bursts of pressure only to fade as other issues arise." Because they're cowards.,0
Notable &amp; Quotable: Jim Lehrer’s Rules of Journalism via,0
Schumer Whiffs Impeachment -,0
CFOs’ Concerns About the Economy, Talent Shortage Seep Into 2020 #LeaseAccounting #Accounting,0
Saudi Prince Courted Amazon’s Bezos Before Bitter Split -,0
Mergers have been long touted as a possible answer to the eurozone’s banking woes via,0
'In 18 large economies, world-wide residential investment dropped on a year-over-year basis for four consecutive quarters through September, the longest stretch of declines since the 2008-09 crisis.',0
Private Photos of Indicted Donor Depict Ties to Trump, Giuliani,0
Still can't believe it...heartbreaking. God be with the Bryant family and all families affected by the devastating accident. RIP Kobe and Gianna Kobe Bryant often said his daughter Gianna, who was 13 years old, rekindled his love for the game. via,0
Fascinating. "Kotex uses realistic-looking red fluid in new ads, ditching the antiseptic-blue liquid that major brands usually deploy to represent menstrual blood" via,0
: Sprint Continues to Lose Customers as It Waits for T-Mobile Verdict,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
@honeygirl1978 @Smilan317 Also one of those things that Jared "forgot" to list on documents that kept him from receiving his security clearance, along with omitting that he had business deals with George Soros and Peter Thiel, plus the U.S. declared those sites illegal.,0
So, reporting that El Mozote's Elliot Abrams, still steaming from getting dressed down by @IlhanMN, was simply outmaneuvered by Putin in Venezuela:,0
Former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld is challenging President Trump for the GOP nomination but isn’t drawing much support in New York via @JimmyVielkind,0
The SynFrog costs $150, which includes five refurbishments in which the synthetic frogs are refilled and resealed. Science class will never be the same.,0
The dark underbelly of regulation is how often it makes it harder for small companies to compete with behemoths. "Regulate us" is often code for "protect us".,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months,0
#TheGoodDoctors lunchtime read: “The sectors that are growing, like education and health care, are predominantly women’s employment.” via #employment #gender #workforce #leadership #ladieswholead,0
The pharmacist is out: Supermarkets close pharmacy counters,0
Great piece in the co-authored by @MaxyFrost. Check it out via,0
The Detroit factory that got its start building Cadillac Sevilles &amp; Oldsmobile Toronados in the '80s will be GM’s plant of the future, building electrics &amp; driverless vehicles via,0
@ZiyanWang16 @PDChina You sir should read up on what is happening in your own country. You may be a victim of Gov censorship. You do not seem to know what is going on in China.,0
Thanks, , for featuring Anna Pignataro's #TheHeartofaWhale ("a picture book...that touches on the wistfulness of solitude and the joy of finding a companion") in your latest children's books roundup!,0
Insight Partners is acquiring Swiss software and services provider Veeam in one of its largest deals ever, valuing the company at about $5 billion via,0
France’s Macron Advances Pension Overhaul, Despite Protests-,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. vía,0
When it comes to #SecondChance hiring, few companies do it better than @NehemiahMfg. Approach is two fold: provide a career path for those that are job ready and provide the necessary wrap-around services to help set everyone up for success. @jennykim,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
A U.S. foreign-policy debacle: the yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president Maduro. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ and @SecPompeo⁩ were outfoxed by Putin, says @wsj reporters ⁦@jessdonati⁩ ⁦@IanTalley⁩ ⁦@AndrewRestuccia⁩,0
: 15aaa10b-c68b-476d-8696-2f31b38aaa6f,0
Attempting to delegitimize #ClimateCrisis by claiming "both" sides of debate constitute a "fake" dialog. There is a direct link from our presently form of capitalism and the coming great collapse of life on earth.,0
@realDonaldTrump ”The mayor of Wuhan [Zhou Xianwang] ... said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen, suggesting the central government was partially responsible for a lack of transparency”.,0
The Editorial Board: Warren and Sanders want to raise taxes the most, but more striking is how much more even the supposedly moderate Democrats want to take from the private economy,0
@TheBabylonBee Y-you know this is happening, right? I'm not aware of any federal oversight committees that are either constitutionally or technically capable of dealing with this.. but I mean there is one.. right? SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME THERE'S OVERSIGHT,0
Markets: "Dow Drops 400 Points on Coronavirus Fears" by @ahirtens (@ahirtens) and Karen Langley (@karen_langley) at the The Wall Street Journal (@wsj on @Twitter). See also,,0
Why Some #AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail - CIO Journal. -,0
.: "a measure of activity in businesses, posted a 10-month high of 53.1 in January",0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown via @sechaney,0
Text messages that Jeff Bezos’ girlfriend provided to her brother are among the materials prosecutors are reviewing as part of an extortion probe via,0
Data not leading to insights? Culture may be to blame #data #culture @CFOJournal,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela “Policy options have split the admin. Some officials believe sanctions on Russia’s oil firm Rosneft and other companies doing business with intermediaries could close loopholes that have allowed Maduro to survive.”,0
Wuhan Mayor Points to Beijing for Lack of Transparency Over Virus,0
Fed Officials considering “capping” interest rates at defined maturities as a version of QE. 📌Fed would force a given UST yield to a certain level by buying enough of the security to force yield to desired level #bonds #stocks #investing #investments,0
The future of #paidleave relies on smaller, robust startups like @olark, who spend as much time securing leave for their employees as they do encouraging them to take it. @SueS,0
China Orders Centralized Response to Virus Outbreak as Alert Level Rises,0
Are synthetic animals better for dissection than dead specimens?,0
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men via,0
Guess what happened next? In 2018 SoftBank sold a *majority stake* in the China operations of ARM to... guess who? A China-led group of investors which aligns itself with Beijing’s goal of *reducing its dependence on Western technology*!,0
Interesting on so many levels. How Tech impacts entire career paths. Also, interestingly, while number of job losses likely &gt; manufacturing, this has much lower visibility since jobs are diffused across political district boundaries,0
I reiterate, you can't complain removing Sprint will "decrease competition" if no one is subscribing to said competition.,0
markets: The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion.,0
markets: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum.,0
Low unemployment and mortgage rates are propelling the U.S. housing market as it enters a new year via,0
Proposed rules making it harder for U.S. firms to sell to Huawei from overseas facilities are withdrawn after objections from the Pentagon di,0
Wages of #globalization. Gotta bear the costs, if you reap the benefits. A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy,0
Such a great story from @rayalexsmith: What to do with a family fur when no one in the family wants it,0
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. Are you licking your chops and buying this dip?,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via (dow 100yrs) (cpi),0
Must-Read Monday 📰: Just 4 years ago, CIOs were the youngest executives in the front office. @Korn_Ferry finds the average age of CIOs is rising, reflecting the level of experience needed to manage #software and other digital tools. #DigitalTransformation,0
Newmont’s push to attract more investors comes after Barrick Gold made inroads with its $6 billion acquisition Gold is getting more interesting, though not as interesting as crypto.,0
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what,0
In a crisis there are always companies who identify opportunity. Let's hope they are able to find a suitable vaccine quickly. #China #outbreak #crisis #medicine #vaccine #virus,0
From Boston to San Francisco, these are some of the top five metropolitan areas that account for 90% of all US high-tech job growth in the past 10 years! #Economy #Growth #TechJobs #Technology #TechTalent #DigitalTransformation,0
According to a study by Accenture Strategy, nearly half of all tasks in corporate finance departments will be automated within three years, freeing up capacity that finance chiefs can redeploy to develop the business.,0
"Mr. Crow’s time as a manager for the case has delighted Democrats, while Republicans remain opposed to the whole effort, regardless of what their congressman does," @aduehren reports from Aurora, Colo.,0
The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion.,0
@AstorAaron @Quid_Pro_Joe00 @MargauxR15 @Fly_Sistah @SenSchumer This is the ASS that tried to extort Ukraine:,0
400-point drop for Dow as investors respond to the dangerous viral outbreak in China. Concerns are escalating about coronavirus containment and potential economic impact.,0
The shrewd politician couldn't pass his own purity test. Bernie Sanders wants to temporarily halt deportations, decriminalize crossing the border and end ICE raids, despite his long-held concern that too much immigration could hurt U.S. workers via,0
@senatemajldr " IF Republicans vote against entertaining Parnas’s evidence or putting Bolton on the stand, &amp; then the information comes out anyway. If it proves damning, it will look like they engaged in the coverup that Rep Jerrold Nadler accused them of",0
Former American Express CEO Kenneth Chenault on how to jump-start progress on racial diversity and change he hopes for in Silicon Valley #MenAsAlliesMonday Via,0
"Facing antitrust investigations &amp; a growing backlash over #privacy, encryption, artificial intelligence &amp; content monitoring, leaders at tech giants including Alphabet Inc., @Microsoft, @Facebook &amp; @Apple are now calling for new laws," Via @SebasAHerrera:,0
@snoahw1 to  about the T-Mobile/Sprint merger, which has yet to be approved by the California Public Utilities Commission: “What tends to come out of these proceedings is some concessions by merging parties.” #FacultyWithImpact,0
Xi Jinping has spent seven years concentrating power to a degree unseen in decades. So handing over responsibility for the coronavirus outbreak to his No. 2, Li Keqiang, is a role reversal with risks and opportunities for both men. Smart piece by @JNBPage,0
@SenatorBurr " IF Republicans vote against entertaining Parnas’s evidence or putting Bolton on the stand, &amp; then the information comes out anyway. If it proves damning, it will look like they engaged in the coverup that Rep. Jerrold Nadler accused them of",0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
.@BetsyDeVosED is at #moleg today, speaking to the annual meeting of the Federalist Society. Yup. The organization that judges were just recently banned from joining:,0
@ThomTillis " IF Republicans vote against entertaining Parnas’s evidence or putting Bolton on the stand, &amp; then the information comes out anyway. If it proves damning, it will look like they engaged in the coverup that Rep. Jerrold Nadler accused them of",0
The Wall Street Journal confers with LMG Security’s @SherriDavidoff to confirm some of the standard digital forensics techniques that may have been used while investigating Bezos’s hacked phone. #digitalforensics #DFIR #cybersecurity #CISO #Infosec,0
So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It -,0
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands,0
Vindman’s Identical Twin May Be Called to Testify in Impeachment Inquiry -,0
Physician Burnout Is Widespread, Especially Among Those in Midcareer About half of doctors surveyed would take a big pay cut to aid work-life balance, report says #Burnout #Physician #Balance #MentalHealth #EndTheSrigma #UNCrushed,0
The way to survive is to double-down on healthcare, which grocery stores are not equipped to do. I still think there's room for a disruptive player besides Amazon. Who's it going to be? The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters -,0
A Survivor’s Diary Emerges From Auschwitz,0
Half a million U.S. factory jobs are unfilled, the most in nearly two decades, and the unemployment rate is hovering at a 50-year low, the Labor Department said Friday. At the same time, Americans are moving around the country at the lowest rate in at leas,0
The office of tomorrow: reports, technology is transforming the nature of work. In the coming decades, the office as we know it will likely disappear. Here’s what might take its place. Via @KonradPutzier,0
"Tiger Global Raises $3.75 Billion Venture Fund" "Tiger Global Management has closed on a $3.75 billion private-equity fund, the latest sign of investors’ continued interest in private technology companies..." #Investment #PrivateEquity,0
Kobe Bryant often said his daughter Gianna, who was 13 years old, rekindled his love for the game. via,0
Remember when the media held ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ in such disdain 😳 Now he’s their sweetheart and ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ great hope!😳,0
The university’s traditional two-year master’s of business administration degree will take a hard turn toward health, with a particularly heavy focus on quant skills. #mba #graduatestudent,0
#mondaymotivation Get some great #homesellertips now &amp; call our #realestate team to #sellyourhome fast in #southernnewengland (401) 580-8672 &gt;&gt;&gt; #remaxhustle #listingagent #buyersagent #rhodeisland,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @NHenderson,0
@realDonaldTrump Sure, ”we” are. That's why ”[t]he mayor of Wuhan [Zhou Xianwang] ... sa[ys] rules imposed by Beijing limit[] what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen”.,0
This is a direct consequence of raising taxes that just isn't discussed enough. There is a competitive market between jurisdictions, and countries, for people and companies.,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag,0
As CVS and Walgreens move into providing care, supermarket pharmacies find it harder to compete. The ones that are succeeding say they've figured out how to connect #health with #food. By @sharonterlep &amp; @_jaewonkang.,0
Mergers have been long touted as a possible answer to the eurozone’s banking woes via,0
You Might Be Buying Trash on Amazon—Literally! 🇮🇳 needs laws for online business which are specific! @irvpaswan @rsprasad Please see this news coverage of @PMOIndia @narendramodi @AmitShah @PiyushGoyal @republic @TimesNow,0
GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks - #autonomousCar #selfDrivingCar,0
Read this smart story by my colleagues about how American efforts to spark regime change in Venezuela are being thwarted by Russia,0
If there was only a way to trust + verify results in a transparent way that's entirely tamper-proof... Narrator: Bitcoin fixes this. "The opaqueness of the Grammy voting process fuels a lack of trust. The whole thing just has to be a lot more public",0
You Might Be Buying Trash on Amazon—Literally! 🇮🇳 needs laws for online business which are specific! @irvpaswan @rsprasad Please see this news coverage of @Dilleye @anandmahindra @KiritSomaiya @roysaryu @menakadoshi,0
Thompson River Power, which received $5 million in stimulus funds, went bankrupt.,0
@Lori_Koch32 @Schmutzie_ @rgoodlaw @KevinMKruse @AmbJohnBolton The Wall Street Journal disagrees with you.,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
I believe that if we can contribute and bring values, people will come to us, connect to us and need us. Thus, we won't feel lonely. Try by greeting people and wishing them good day every morning. Feel the difference.,0
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers,0
Billie Eilish Sweeps Grammys,0
Saudi Prince Courted Amazon's Bezos Before Bitter Split,0
This article on how Russia thwarted US plans for Venezuela regime change is typical: US officials never betray any recognition that their intervention in Ukraine has driven Russia to play spoiler ANYWHERE, and that they might trade Kiev for other goals,0
Wearables (earbuds &amp; watches) are $AAPL's replacement for iPhone's rev (which prev replaced desktop's) "Apple expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall",0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
Fascinating ⁦⁩ report: Saudis offered Amazon 99-year rent-free deal in new $4 billion data unit - but wanted access to all Amazon data in return. Bezos refused, went to Bahrain. But makes you wonder re other tech firm deals in despotic places,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months,0
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela:,0
@tanvi_madan @fravel there are two strands to this - there is the question of mobilizing resources in the developing world, where efforts are starting to grind into gear, see e.g. this on development finance: and this on the Warner / Burr bill:,0
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company via,0
Southland’s bankruptcy would be a setback for the company’s chairman, veteran oilman Bob Simpson,0
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via,0
More pension fund risk. via,0
"CVS and Walgreens also are working to transform drugstores into health-care hubs, offering services from blood testing to chronic-disease management via @sharonterlep &amp; @_jaewonkang.,0
#NATO members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in #Iraq in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via,0
Amid economic and political uncertainty—and mixed signals on consumer sentiment—the new year finds retail CFOs exercising caution when it comes to investments and expansion. via,0
A topic that continues to baffle me...why are (more and more!!!!) people so comfortable going barefoot on planes,0
Is Blackstone trying to tap retirement funds? "A new Securities and Exchange Commission committee on Tuesday discussed the pros and cons of letting more ordinary investors into private-market funds" via,0
How far does the average entry-level salary go? It depends a lot on where you live. #careerplanning #salary #salaries #pay #careers #entrylevel #employment #living,0
A policy to win Cuban American voters in Florida - based on a bluff few believed - became a long, slow, Bay of Pigs. Venezuela, like Cuba, may end with entrenched regime, eternal sanctions, a mass migration, and Soviet, oops, Russian dominance. via,0
Are you a Prince William or a Prince Harry style leader? Here’s the ‘s 10 question quiz designed to pigeon hole you into one or the other. It’s both unscientific and irresistible. I’m a Harry. What about you?,0
What is it about these viral outbreaks in China and Africa that come from animals (swine, bats, monkees, ducks)? It seems that in these societies there is a lot more interaction with undomesticated animals than in other societies.,0
DHSgov: .DHS_Wolf: "The Department of Homeland Security is proud to join the President in this fight. Put simply, today’s counterfeits can be a matter of life and death. This illicit trade must be stopped in its tracks.",0
The companies involved in the effort called it a civic responsibility. Working for campaigns also gives them potentially valuable visibility via,0
I’m not yet mid-career, but I wonder—are the administrative burdens cited for the epidemic of physician burn-out in America the fire, or just the smoke? And what does it mean for work-life balance if so many physicians let their career define their life?,0
Fed Adds Just Over $40 Billion in Temporary Money to Markets,0
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California via,0
Southland’s bankruptcy would be a setback for the company’s chairman, veteran oilman Bob Simpson,0
Today the world commemorates the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz. A reminder that Jews in Germany say there is still more work to be done to combat rising anti-Semitism:,0
As pharmacies continue to close, #access to #healthcare will continue to fall, greatly affecting our vulnerable populations covered under Medicaid and our rural communities. #pharmacy,0
Stocks Drop on Coronavirus Fears,0
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens via,0
The Treasury Department blacklisted four foreign companies for allegedly supporting and facilitating Iran’s petrochemical and petroleum exports—among the latest efforts by Washington to pressure Tehran via,0
Apple’s #SupplyChain Strategies Deliver Big Operating Margins. #manufacturing #CEO #logistics #suppiers #investors,0
Increased trading derivatives tied to SOFR has eased some worries about the transition away from #Libor ... Timothy High, interest-rates strategist at @BNPPamericas weighs in on the developments in #SOFR options.,0
#coronavirus #wuhan - Beijing's fault ? Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via,0
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via,0
ICYMI: Unions Gain Clout as Democrats Seek Primary Endorsements,0
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China,0
Kinderhook Capital Fund VI LP is the firm’s largest fund and its first to hit $1 billion,0
London Police’s decision comes as the EU considers following some U.S. cities in banning the technology’s use altogether. via,0
And finally, the Wall Street Journal: #HolocaustMemorialDay,0
@realPolitiDiva Read this one, we better hope to GOD Trump wins, we win the House back and keep the Senate, or there will no longer be a middle class.,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. via,0
I wonder where how this money is used.. "Too much public disclosure can injure portfolio companies, private-equity executives tell the Pennsylvania Public School Employees’ Retirement System" via,0
@MailOnline We are unable to find out how much informarion CCP still hide to the World, this makes the Wuhan #coronarvirus even hardly controllable.,0
Former Ukraine envoy cited president’s comments in call with Ukrainian counterpart via,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields,0
Claudio Descalzi is vying to remain CEO of Eni, the oil giant where he has worked for nearly four decades, as he denies any wrongdoing in a criminal case over the purchase of drilling rights in Nigeria,0
Nathan Chen Jumps to Another U.S. Figure Skating Title,0
Trump denied telling Bolton anything about holding up aid and said he hadn't seen the manuscript of his book,0
Quite a headline in our deep dive on U.S. policy in Venezuela: How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela. via,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - The Trump administration’s bid to replace #Venezuela ‘s authoritarian leader Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered.🤔 #PutinTrumpEffect #27ene,0
The pharmacist is out: Supermarkets close pharmacy counters Pharmacies should not be in a supermarket when they could be infected by a sick person picking up their medicine.,0
Wall Street sure is taking the Wuhan outbreak seriously,0
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans via,0
🇺🇸 Kraft Heinz CEO, pushing for growth, separates winners from losers,0
“The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies.”,0
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men,0
"Crooks of a feather plot together!" ~~~~~~~Trump rolls out the red carpet for Netanyahu! -,0
Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum.,0
(WALL STREET JOURNAL) - "Trump Administration Strikes At California’s Abortion-Coverage Mandate." Religious groups say the mandates force them to violate their beliefs by purchasing health insurance that covers abortions or by usin…,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via,0
: 0d99b3a0-d015-40f5-b183-770a4b25626b,0
Impossible Foods said it would introduce imitation ground pork and sausage, including a patty for Burger King’s new Impossible Croissan’wich via,0
US sources of federal tax revenue: via @SoberLook,0
Latency arbitrage ^ $5 billion to top firms - great reporting _ a hidden tax on investors,0
Buttigieg’s public silence on a charter school that is a big plus for his city no doubt has to do with the presidential candidate’s fear of offending the teachers unions that dominate today’s Democratic Party.,0
Market fluidity or unfair advantage? #Technology differences create "latency arbitrage" where well connected #finance firms can leverage quicker trades to take advantage of temporary price distortions, imposing invisible #tax on other traders. via,0
New Wall Street Journal article defends legal marijuana from the vaping crisis 🌿,0
I wonder if micro fulfillment centers are needed in Indonesia. What do you think?,0
Why Bolton Represents a Big Wild Card in Impeachment,0
How did consumer spending look at the end of the holiday shopping season? @HarrietTorry digs into @CommerceGov's report: Spending has been supported by a strong #JobsMarket, wage gains, &amp; diminished tariff uncertainty over the U.S.-China trade dispute:,0
It’s exactly what lunch should look like.,0
Following Swiss-based Sulzer’s suit, Swedish oil refiner Nynas will restructure its ownership structure to avoid US #sanctions. Nynas is co-owned by PdVSA, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company, sanctioned by the US.,0
markets: Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 are seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest projection since third-quarter 2017,0
markets: Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans,0
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand via,0
Schumer: If GOP Rejects Calling Bolton, 'They're Going to Be Part of the Cover-Up',0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy via,0
.@DHS_Wolf: "The Department of Homeland Security is proud to join the President in this fight. Put simply, today’s counterfeits can be a matter of life and death. This illicit trade must be stopped in its tracks.",0
Important area in SCM: The Trump administration said it would target e-commerce operators with broader enforcement, seeking to compel companies to help root out fakes. Hurts real business &amp; consumers if left unchecked... via,0
Seems like this should have been tackled a bit earlier? Like in the last 8 years the company has been in business? What do I know tho,0
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a broader revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory,0
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via,0
#ChineseCommunistParty cares more about social control than well-being of its people. Totalitarian govts are brittle. Underground rumors can bring down #Xi &amp; #CPC. #TaipingRebellion, #May4Movement, #Chernobyl #Deception works both ways. ⁦@BillGertz⁩,0
“Cuba provides Mr. Maduro with intelligence and security services, helping to minimize defections in his government”,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
American AI startups still account for the lion's share of venture-capital deals, but their proportion is slipping,0
What Was Going Wrong With My Pregnancy? - #GoogleAlerts,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
OMG! Check this out: The Force Is Strong Inside This L.A. Mansion With #StarWars-Theme Basement.,0
Once you understand his character you will appreciate his music,0
Now you can smell like the Louvre:,0
Real-estate veterans say the sale of late tech entrepreneur James V. Kimsey’s home sets a new bar for prices in the Washington, D.C., metro area. via sold for about $45 million...listed for $62.95 million,0
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
"We are about second chances, third chances,” says the CEO of Nehemiah Manufacturing, where 80% of workers have criminal records. But it takes more than giving them a job.,0
Growth or not growth this is the question.,0
This headline is comical. As if Russia was the decisive factor in thwarting an incompetent regime change policy,0
Do you see the pattern? Foisting Trump off on America was Putin's greatest intelligence coup. The cult and the GOP are complicit. #BoltonMustTestify,0
@realPolitiDiva Everyone should read the investment piece in the , this is our government,,0
Wow. Counterfeit purses. What a bust.,0
The pneumonia-causing coronavirus has so far claimed the lives of at least 56 people in all while infecting more than 2,000 others via,0
Southland’s bankruptcy would be a setback for the company’s chairman, veteran oilman Bob Simpson via,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via #MilitaryMonday #sot,0
In this story about how Nehemiah embraced second chance hiring as a talent strategy, it's important to see how many times "job coaches" or "change coaches" are mentioned, and the emphasis on peer support where they share their stories with each other.,0
"The state and federal investigations have given considerable focus to Google’s powerful position in the lucrative market for online advertising.",0
"Many Trump administration officials are accustomed to shocking headlines related to the White House that bring intense bursts of pressure only to fade as other issues arise.",0
The Force Is Strong Inside This L.A. Mansion With STAR WARS-Theme Basement (Thanks, Eddie!) -,0
📞 LIVE CALL: Join deputy politics editor @ewstephe and national political reporter @McCormickJohn at noon ET as they look at what's animating voters in middle America. Register here:,0
The story of how Brazil, Cuba and a UN agency conspired to traffic Cuban medical professionals in 2013 is one for the books. @MaryAnastasiaOG,0
Sprint lost 115,000 postpaid phone connections in the final three months of 2019, as the company pulled back on promotions and the company’s merger with larger rival T-Mobile remained unresolved,0
@RealDonaldTrump told that the U.S. has the resources to beat Maduro. “We have a lot of options,” the president said. Yet with an election, impeachment and attention turned to the Middle East, Venezuela is on the back burner. And Maduro's in control.,0
In a recent Wall Street Journal video, Chief Business Economist Chris Williamson explains the methodology and use of the IHS Markit PMI. Watch the full video: #PMI #manufacturing #economy,0
Green card holders and immigrants with work visas would be able to vote in mayoral races and other elections in New York City under proposed bill. via,0
@Visa acquired @plaidinc for $5.3 billion, reports. Learn more about what’s next for consumers here:,0
This company is truly passionate about cultivating transformation in the lives of those who have been deemed unworthy! They’ve found great benefit to be had from doing so, both for the employee AND the company. #TransformingLives #BreakTheCycle #4thPurpose,0
Trump has offered a robust legal argument against Bolton testifying. “I don’t know if we left on the best of terms,“ Mr. Trump said. ”I would say probably not. And so, you don’t like people testifying when they didn’t leave on good terms.” Uh, what.,0
Manufacturers continue to develop new approaches to attract and retain labor,0
Racing for the Last Train Out of Wuhan: ‘If I Don’t Leave Now, I Won’t Be Able To’ -,0
6. Consider adding news/media outside of your preferred mainstream sources. We now know #Wuhan mayor intentionally withheld the severity of pandemic under pressure from Beijing - China official news downplayed issue until Hong Kong press forced coverage.,0
We are one week away from caucus day in Iowa &amp; record turnouts are expected. Who does it favor or hurt? Those candidates with the resources are already preparing for Super Tuesday! What about electability?,0
.@DHS_Wolf: "The Department of Homeland Security is proud to join the President in this fight. Put simply, today’s counterfeits can be a matter of life and death. This illicit trade must be stopped in its tracks.",0
@InfoSecHotSpot The #CoronaVirus will KILL #Huawei Think BIG.... #TradeWar #PhaseOne #PhaseTwo #SARS #Tourist #Travel #Tourism,0
China new about this virus since December and did not say a word even the mayor says no transparency,0
Michael Shifter quoted by the on the U.S.'s Venezuela strategy... “The last thing the military are going to do is follow orders from a foreign power, especially the U.S.” via,0
Talent, training, automation and cybersecurity emerge as top concerns for tech executives,0
Goldman Sachs last week forecast a drop in daily $OIL demand of 260,000 barrels. “Using SARS as a template underestimates the growth of the middle class in China with more flights being canceled each day.” via #OIL $SPX,0
Credit Suisse CEO takes to Instagram to deny he sought out negative information about an employee @margotpatrick via,0
Important opinion piece👇🏼 A Codes of Conduct committee may bar judges from the Federalist Society.,0
The U.S. campaign against Maduro was thwarted by adversaries, Russia and Cuba, along with Turkey and India—countries that helped Venezuela sidestep U.S. sanctions. The European Union, meanwhile, watched from the sidelines. via,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via,0
@J9Dalton source of what he just said, dated August 2019, doesn’t name $xrp #xrp ... fake news bud,0
@metrospectre @melaytonmiller1 @alancar @GusGarciaIII @King_Eroh @WhiteHouse @LindseyGrahamSC The House and the president’s team have a difference of opinion on this. The SCOTUS is the authority to turn to in these disputes. Until a ruling is made, there is no definitive answer. A reporter may not have all the caselaw needed to decide the issue.,0
The pharmacist is out: Supermarkets close pharmacy counters,0
I spoke to the v iconic coach @monicaaldama and she told me how to live life: LEAVE IT ON THE MAT.,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - ...Having recession fighting tools is stupid in itself-econ needs normal business cycles. Get the fcking ⁦@federalreserve⁩ out of the econ,0
@frankieboyle Here’s a article on geofencing and political ads. There was a recent issue with catholic churchgoers in the US getting pro-Trump ads at church from location tracking.,0
Saudi Prince Courted Bezos Before Bitter Split @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
The newly published diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, starts where the diary of Anne Frank stopped, according to the curator of a new exhibition in Berlin. via,0
Supermarkets across the U.S. are closing their pharmacies, due to a tightening squeeze from the big, consolidating pharmacy chains, @sharonterlep and @_jaewonkang report,0
: 6cb58ced-ea36-470f-a902-c6fbf8f9ea9a,0
The loss of secretarial and administrative-assistant jobs in the U.S. since 2000 is as dramatic as the much-publicized decline in manufacturing, with more than 1.6 million secretarial and administrative-assistant jobs disappearing,0
after spending the past four years warning of Russian cyber attacks on our elections, Tom Perez and the DNC are going to allow poll workers to use SMART PHONE APPS to tabulate the results in Iowa. How can we trust the results??,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown Global growth in home prices slows as world-wide residential investment continues to decline,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed,” Maduro says. goes deep to report how a yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Maduro started with high hopes but ended in debacle. via,0
“With an election, impeachment and attention turned to the Middle East, Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner, an administration official said.”,0
Caucus workers will use the app on their personal smartphones, prompting questions of possible vulnerability Democrats will record the votes from the Iowa presidential caucuses in just over a week using a smartphone app, a procedure that has,0
California regulators could potentially scuttle the $26 billion merger between T-Mobile and Sprint via,0
Trump Defense to Present Arguments Following Bolton Claim @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Wuhan Mayor Points to Beijing for Lack of Transparency Over Virus @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
Bolton Claim Ties Trump to Ukraine Aid Freeze @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV,0
A Survivor’s Diary Emerges From Auschwitz,0
@transferdicky @Spoonhead8 @dawspeter @Greg__wilson__ @terrychristian @Rowland72James @Peradventur3 @Andy_Gez_ @margarance Is that all you have? 🤣 Wait for the negotiations. As the UK moves towards a UK USA FTA, the EU, and its protectionist policies, move EU more towards a trade war. I know which I prefer. We can't leave soon enough! via,0
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
Feeling conflicted about that animal fur in your closet? Donate it to the upcoming #CoatsForCubs drive and it will help in the rehabilitation of injured and orphaned animals across the U.S. → #NoNewFur,0
#KobeBryant will be remembered far beyond his stellar @NBA career, for his drive in all walks of life and willingness to mentor and inspire others. - @JasonGay,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
An age-old question: Where can I get free food on my birthday? The answer in NYC: Hardly anywhere,0
New York law eliminating cash bail for most crimes could put most of the state’s bail-bond companies out of business, industry says,0
“Let’s be frank: We can buy this in any high school. The marketplace has spoken, it’s time we tax this and put the money to a social good.” via,0
Pharmacy inside retail supermarkets are slowly fading out, mainly due to increase in online shopping and shrinking Rx profits,0
Wilbur Ross told a small group at an event in Florida earlier this month that the administration expected Maduro's ouster to happen faster and some were pushing for more a more aggressive approach, @learyreports reports in our deep-dive on Venezuela:,0
Would we allow poll workers to tabulate and report election results from polling places using a smart phone app? NO, which is why this is a terrible idea for the Iowa caucus and is going to lead to conspiracy theories among supporters of losing candidates,0
@tn_lib @KTHopkins Oops sorry I said 20 million without healthcare its 27.5 million so you get an even bigger laugh at that one,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers.,0
Real-estate veterans say the sale of late tech entrepreneur James V. Kimsey’s home sets a new bar for prices in the Washington, D.C., metro area.,0
‘He Is a Dictator’,0
Real-estate veterans say the sale of late tech entrepreneur James V. Kimsey’s home sets a new bar for prices in the Washington, D.C., metro area.,0
High-tax states are losing people, money and seats in Congress comm:,0
A new case of coronavirus in Taiwan reignites the conversation about Taiwan's position in the WHO. Professor deLisle comments in "The Wall Street Journal.",0
What a beautifully written article on Kobe's life and legacy!,0
Bolton Claim Set to Scramble Impeachment Proceedings - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 are seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest projection since third-quarter 2017,0
‘Talent War’ at Home Prompts U.S. Employers to Take Another Look Abroad #ai,0
Trump getting outmaneuvered by Putin is a common theme of his presidency... via,0
The last time someone swept the #Grammys, @billieeilish was like negative 20 years old.,0
Traders Predict Calm Earnings Season for Stock Market,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via,0
Sprint Continues to Lose Customers as It Waits for T-Mobile Verdict - The Wall Street Journal,0
Appears the now Marxist leaning democrat part and it's national "Lock Step" US media will NOT inform the American public about reports like this?,0
Maggie Rogers must be thirsty. At the #Grammys last night, the singer toted around a water bottle on the red carpet reflecting how reusable bottles—from upscale labels like Supreme and Prada—have become envy-inducing accessories.,0
.@SebasAHerrera explores why big tech companies are asking policy makers to regulate them in this piece ( In the aftermath of the #CambridgeAnalytica scandal we asked Americans if they thought tech companies should be regulated. Here’s what they said,0
Well done Nehemiah. Another great use of #NMTC. ⁦@FinanceFund⁩ ⁦@CinDevFund⁩ ⁦@NMTCCoalition⁩,0
About damned time we stopped this nonsense,0
Private Equity is helping to reshape the CPG space as they turn borderline brands back into producers. 2020 could be a good year for new deals in the CPG space.,0
China Claims U.S. ‘Black Hand’ Is Behind Hong Kong Protests,0
Real-estate veterans say the sale of late tech entrepreneur James V. Kimsey’s home sets a new bar for prices in the Washington, D.C., metro area. via,0
Paid Program: The New Tools of Planning #machinelearning,0
"Fair Isaac Corp., creator of FICO scores, will soon start scoring consumers with rising debt levels and those who fall behind on loan payments more harshly. It will also flag certain consumers who sign up for personal loans..." | via @AAndriotis,0
WTH, @TomPerez?! I thought this was definitely NOT going to happen! Plz stop this now. Security concerns in the primary will jeopardize party unity. This is an unforced error. Thx. “Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns - ”,0
Just another example of the current state of journalism in America, journalists simply can’t be trusted, their word means nothing, which brings into question the reliability of anything they print and broadcast,0
Thanksgiving Dinner is going to be AWKWART Text messages that Jeff Bezos’ girlfriend provided to her brother are among the materials prosecutors are reviewing as part of an extortion probe via,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via,0
@realDonaldTrump Trump Team to Present Arguments Following Bolton’s ‘800-Pound Gorilla’,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters,0
The Conservative l Reports Bolton Claim Set to Scramble Impeachment Proceedings Draft of his book says Trump sought to keep aid to Ukraine frozen over Biden probe NEVER TRUST a trial where the ACCUSED PREVENTS RELEVANT witnesses from appearing.,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says,0
There's so many bad things to say. I think the best one is, if this isn't a sign that our economy is deteriorating, I don't know what is. Good news for investors though, dont worry about a recession for at least one more recession. QE+Cap Yields=mkt raging,0
Prosecutors Have Evidence George Strait’s Cousin's Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer,0
Flashback 2/11/2018,0
#BWCom #DailyNews reports on the economic implications of the Coronavirus,0
@ZacharyGraves @danielschuman @HarvardAsh @Kennedy_School @kristianstout @jessekblum Worth exploring intersection w/ Yuval Levin's thesis that many of our institutions (incl. Congress) have changed from places that shape members to mere platforms where members to perform. Suggests good reforms would avoid fueling individual "performances.",0
"He has no ego." Andy Reid's life, from the gargantuan kid in Punt, Pass, Kick to the rare non-Mormon at BYU, has been that of an outsider. And he made being an outsider his greatest advantage as an NFL coach:,0
@PJMedia_com Some comments on this here,0
A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s Maduro has turned into a debacle as the Trump administration underestimated how much support he would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies,0
Diddy spoke about this,0
Best known for her work on ‘wavelets,’ Ingrid Daubechies wants to reduce the obstacles to women entering the sciences via,0
On taxes there are no "moderate" Democratic Presidential candidates: via,0
Getting rid of all your stuff? A wide array of companies and services can help you decide whether to donate it, sell it or keep it. via,0
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says -,0
Many individuals have proposed a universal basic income that would serve as a safety net and help counter the loss of jobs to automation. Many see this as simply redefining what counts as paid work. However, is it feasible? #BCSTT #D,0
Sadly, the NEA has way too much influence on the Dems and clouds their ability to see real progress. Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous #coronavirus outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
No monopoly for #TMobile in #California,0
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China's Wild Animal Trade @wsj,0
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela -,0
Recipe for innovation (or further decline?) Kraft Heinz spends one third as much on R&amp;D as Mondelez (and the two companies are around the same size in annual rev): via,0
Alabama Looks for Reforms to Its Troubled Prison System,0
From Discover on Google,0
@realdonaldtrump is doing a very bad job of being a dictator and Jerry Nadler distorts reality beyond anything I have ever seen. ‘He Is a Dictator’ via,0
News from the Bay State! Congressman @sethmoulton has endorsed @JoeBiden this morning! We agree that "he can bring together the Democratic Party's winning coalition from the Obama years" and appeal to those appalled by @realDonaldTrump. #mapoli,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Please take a moment to read...A Survivor’s Diary Emerges From Auschwitz - #NeverAgain #HolocaustRemembranceDay,0
Why Bolton Represents a Big Wild Card in Impeachment - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Traders Predict Calm Earnings Season for Stock Market,0
Aberlour &amp; surrounding area-Scottish Highlands exports single malt whisky, cashmere and cookies- all now heavily taxed. #BettySueExportQueen loves single malt so this is a sad day in Gun Barrel City, TX. Have a good week and stay #excitedaboutexporting.,0
Hacking's growing professionalism brings change to #redteams! Now made up of ex-military personnel &amp; people with more diverse backgrounds, hear what Tim Nary has to say about this growth in the #cyber field as @BoozAllen's Red Team Capability Lead:,0
@JackPosobiec They had their chance.......,0
Today in things Trump has to say about John Bolton &amp; all my exes say about me, "I don’t know if we left on the best of terms. I would say prob­a­bly not.”,0
Bangers? Clout? Yeet? @JoannaStern set out to learn the language of TikTok…and make a video that didn’t earn the dreaded #cringe label via,0
"For the Feb. 3 caucuses, the Trump campaign is planning an ambitious show of force around the state, with over 80 surrogates expected to campaign at caucus locations.",0
@TheDemocrats FICA caps should go up but FICA RATES ought to come down... Return the savings function to the middle class.,0
Everyone should understand this, the Dems want more of your hard earned money and have many schemes to get it. The Tax Increases to Come via,0
@TomFitton @realDonaldTrump They had their chance......,0
links:,0
AirPods have helped boost $AAPL sales outside of the company’s iPhone business. PM Jeremy Bryan discusses how Apple’s wearables segment has improved investor confidence in the tech company. Via .,0
#Amazon is working on palm #Biometrics for the purpose of payments at checkout terminals. PIN number is being replaced! Full news--&gt;&gt;,0
Jeff Bezos Tries to Wag the Dog,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. High frequency traders make $5B by half a dozen small firms, aka statistical error compared to the overall size of the stock market,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us via #US #antitrust #privacy #tech #BigTech #policy,0
@Debber66 @DineshDSouza Lol. Had your shot. Facts are the facts. And Bolton’s claims mean nothing without evidence. It’s not about allegations and he’s not a whistleblower in this case,0
With situations like Venezuela you find out who your friends are. And who really cares about the well being of Venezuela. #Cuba and friends don’t mind using starvation for political means.,0
$FB $MSFT $AAPL $GOOG $GOOGL Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
China is extending the Lunar New Year holiday to Feb. 2 to limit spread of the coronavirus. Shanghai and factory hub Suzhou ordered residents not to return to work until Feb. 9. via,0
"If those companies can’t continue to ship to Huawei, Pentagon officials feared, the firms would fall behind economically and not have the funds to invest heavily in research and development, according to the people." via,0
Traders Predict Calm Earnings Season for Stock Market,0
You had your chance,0
"Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid" -,0
Banks Build New Tools to Shift Short-Term Borrowing,0
The arrest of penetration testers in Iowa last year has the industry abuzz over the personal dangers faced by cybersecurity staff. Mental health and burnout are also a concern. via @InfoSecHotSpot,0
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis.,0
What?! Disruption is everywhere! "Today, they say, the average normal human-body temperature is closer to 97.5 degrees Fahrenheit.",0
FICO Changes Could Lower Your Credit Score,0
Get the Facts: The Myth of the Modern Public Option “They’re proposing a moderate, less disruptive approach to health-care reform when they advocate a public option...in lieu of Medicare for All. Don’t believe it.” @lanheechen ,0
At the Largest Gun Show in the U.S., the Focus Is Women, First-Time Buyers -,0
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown,0
Dow drops 400 points over #coronavirus concerns in China and its potential economic impact,0
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via,0
@LucidDonnyTrump Abuse of power is an opinion, just like this was.,0
Coronavirus Is No Small Threat to Travel Stocks,0
: GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks,0
Italy's Delayed Political Revolution,0
Facing probes and growing public backlash, leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call for new laws,0
Global Stocks Slide on Coronavirus Fears,0
Sometimes the best management is no management at all.,0
#Pharmacy consolidation happening gradually and without too much notice. #Grocery stores closing in-store counters as #patient volume dwindles. Like so much else, many options.,0
New from Judge Paul Michel and @TheRealMattDowd in : America’s Innovators Need Clear Patent Laws. #PatentsMatter,0
Trump Team to Present Arguments Following Bolton’s ‘800-Pound Gorilla’ WE demand former national security adviser testify. The people will NEVER TRUST a trial where the ACCUSED PREVENTS RELEVANT witnesses from appearing at his OWN hearing.,0
The Tax Increases to Come - 🙈as an Economist for 3 decades.This alone will destroy our economy,ppl will suffer and we will go back 2 the Obama depressed yrs.Poor ppl don’t hire ppl,the more wealthy do! Take away their money they will not hire.Simple!,0
The Best and Worst U.S. Airlines of 2019 via,0
The House logic on impeachment is a danger to all future Presidents. via,0
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split,0
: 2bc09f46-4d45-4bef-bc69-ad8a253549d4,0
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy via,0
1st appropriate commentary I’ve seen. 1st 5 yrs as lawyer I represented too many battered &amp; abused women to listen to a hero story. Redemption, sure. But made possible by rich man’s justice.,0
Sprint Continues to Lose Customers as It Waits for T-Mobile Verdict,0
GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks,0
Air-Traffic Control Is in the Midst of a Major Change,0
CIO-led AI efforts post poor track record - via,0
Apparently House #Democrats thought it was a shrewd idea to empower the congressional equivalent of an @MSNBC panel as impeachment managers . . . via,0
#US hopes to complete a new trade agreement with the #UK BY end of this year, Treasury Secretary #StevenMnuchin said. #RobertLighthizer ⁦@USTradeRep⁩ &amp; ⁦@trussliz⁩ #UKTradeMinister need to get on it. Would be great!,0
@patrickdmarley Eric Holder sad face?,0
One more powerful reason for the US to leave the UN and boot it out of the country. via,0
Thousands of housing vouchers are unused by the VA, leaving homeless veterans on the streets via Veterans are being denied these vouchers by civilians who want to keep veterans homeless and dependent on various homeless cottage industries in Atlanta.,0
News Exclusive | State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe,0
Progressive tax ideas like raising rates are getting lots of attention but top dems are also proposing to raise payroll taxes from 12.4% to 14.8%... "significant for less-skilled workers who don’t earn enough or have too many dependents to pay income tax.",0
You never know what will come out of Nadler's mouth, but you do know it will be dumb. via,0
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal,0
Impeachment Update: Bolton Attorney and NSC Trade Blame for Leak,0
Cut domestic programs that should not exist, cut all foreign aid to countries who vote against us in the UN, cut waste and fraud in Medicare and Medicaid, negotiate reduced drug prices in Medicare and Medicaid and stop Social Security fraud. via,0
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers,0
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters,0
U.S. figure skating star Nathan Chen is progressing methodically with a plan that includes a rarely acknowledged ultimate goal: the 2022 Beijing Olympic Games. via,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant by @jasongay,0
#IBelieveBolton Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
Kobe Bryant often said his daughter Gianna, who was 13 years old, rekindled his love for the game. via,0
Trump Team to Present Arguments Following Bolton’s ‘800-Pound Gorilla’ Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via,0
An Audit Committee Guide for New CFOs #cpa,0
If Elizabeth Warren is going to forgive student debt, this voter wants a tuition refund.,0
Burnout is a widespread issue in the medical industry. Luckily, the industry is taking action and looking for ways to help improve physicians’ relationships with their work. But a lot still needs to be done! via,0
#MondayMotivation #MondayThoughts Government control kills again, Socialism/Communism always leads to deaths. China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus,0
Why Some #AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail | via,0
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. A MAJOR DEFEAT FOR #US.,0
US Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect.,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus,0
@RyanAFournier @bsalina02798346 Schumer’s #quidProQuo offered Ukraine/Crimea to Russia. Russia accepted Schumer’s offer, while Obama was President, thus sacrificing Russia’s neighbors. Russia gets what it wants from the Democrats. Trump gets the blame!,0
Yes, that was the controls engineering error, but you overlooked the human factors engineering error. Pushing button on yoke only suspends MCAS and then it comes back with a vengeance. There were so many engineering failures, it would take a tweetorial.,0
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what via,0
McClatchy Misses Debt and Pension Payments as Negotiations With Creditors Continue,0
Refinancing Boom Fuels Mortgages to Postcrisis Record:,0
Bayer Looks to Emerging Technique to Overcome #AI Data Challenges—Company plans to use ‘federated learning’ to access data it doesn’t own to identify promising drug compounds and help spot a rare gene mutation | via ProAI,0
Don't come to me for fashion advice, but I think our landfills would be evidence that we should hold on to our clothing long enough to break it in. : Inside the strange world of distressed fashion #sustainability #zerowaste,0
The more money spent the fast the problem grows,0
Increasingly clear that with few exceptions direct to consumer is not a panacea but just a quiver in an Omni-channel strategy. Goog, FB and Network TV win while VC and DTC brands burn capital hoping some big brand company will buy them in a fit of FOMO.,0
Reimbursement rates continue to drop. Pharmacies can't staff the needed people to get work done. Know your meds, why you take and check every time if filled right. The pharmacist is out: Supermarkets close pharmacy counters,0
@united what is your response to this? Why should a customer spend money on a united flight when you’re consistently poorly rated?,0
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
Frackers Prepare to Pull Back, Exacerbating a Slowdown in U.S. Oil Growth. Shale companies change course as financial pressure mounts; “I don’t think OPEC has to worry much about U.S. shale growth” -,0
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect.,0
I'm not sure what "sources" some MSM news folks have on Wall Street, but the idea that the coronavirus is causing the Dow to slip and *NOT* the fact that every day brings a new and terrible revelation on the depth of *45's corruption borders on propaganda.,0
"Even if this new virus peters out—improving infection control in U.S. emergency rooms wouldn’t be a wasted effort. It would save lives every day.",0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
Matthew Rees reviews “Immortality, Inc.” by Chip Walter via,0
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans,0
The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler via,0
The Tax Increases to Come. #democrat #election2020 candidates are greedy for employee wages, and #economic stagnation. #taxes #economy #GDP #wages #biden #sanders #warren #bloomberg #mondaythoughts,0
For senators serving as impeachment jurors and presidential candidates at the same time, this is what weekends are like,0
Looking at history through a single commodity: @sbuhistory Distinguished Prof Paul Gootenberg shares his thoughts with,0
State attorneys general will meet with U.S. Justice Department attorneys next week to share information on their respective probes of Alphabet Inc.’s @Google unit, a step that could eventually lead to both groups joining forces. via,0
@seanmdav Bolton QUIT! Trump tried to save face the next morning by stating he fired Bolton. That's a fact that can be checked.,0
@RogerSerrabassa Have to calculate it yourself: DVOL/(UVOL+DVOL),0
#coronavirus Dow Drops 400 Points on Virus Fears.Oil, Europe equities slump as new infections are detected outside China,0
More Job Growth at Small Companies via,0
▶️ Video: @McCormickJohn talks to voters in Iowa's biggest swing county about the 2020 election and what the pundits got wrong in 2016: "I think they underestimated rural America.",0
Supermarkets are adding highly automated micro=fulfillment centers to tap into the fast-growing grocery delivery market. via,0
From opinion: Even moderate Democratic 2020 presidential candidates have quietly proposed to raise the tax rate on labor by double digits and it’s received almost no attention,0
Software-focused private-equity firm Hg aims to collect roughly $10 billion across three new funds,0
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid,0
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via,0
Army Lt. Col. Yevgeny Vindman, a senior ethics lawyer for the National Security Council (NSC), is in charge of reviewing all publications by current and former NSC officials. This is Alexander Vindman's brother. I wonder where NYT's reporter got his scoop?,0
A return to this standard would do much for American political discourse: Notable &amp; Quotable: Jim Lehrer’s Rules of Journalism via,0
#Fed Officials Weigh New #Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury #Yields,0
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via,0
#Davos turned into a #climatechange conference this year.” via @Blackstone @JasonBordoff @ColumbiaUEnergy @ISE_BU @AndlingerCenter #RapidSwitch,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
Thoughts?,0
U.S. officials have said that the Trump plan envisions that no Israeli settlers or Palestinians in the West Bank will leave their homes and that Israel’s border will be moved east beyond the internationally accepted Green Line.,0
Politics Newsletter: Will John Bolton’s "800-pound gorilla" upend President Trump's impeachment defense?,0
@greg_ip @sechaney Some relief could be welcome news. "Cooling home prices could have a positive effect: Pricey markets could become more affordable and make a collapse in the property market less likely.",0
@Kiffmeister @davidgerard @ahcastor @jgharris7 It’s probable that they independently see the growth of cashless society through “their” companies and are just naturally evolving towards more explicit control. Plus more surveillance and freezing fwiw.,0
Back to the future: Fed considers resorting to WWII-era yield caps for stimulus if the economy flags.,0
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. “High-Tax States Lose People Over 2017 Law” is headline in print ⁦⁩. Texas part impt,0
Rep. Seth Moulton Endorses Joe Biden for President -,0
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens. SOOO,0
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company, by @kcbroughton via,0
Rep. Seth Moulton (D-Mass) endorses @JoeBiden 🤝Seth wisely says: "The most important task for Dems in 2020 is to get Trump out of White House, VPBiden has the widest appeal to the broadest swath of voters in the places we need to win this Nov.” #Biden2020,0
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields. @NickTimiraos,0
At 14, Sheindi Miller kept a journal while at Auschwitz. Now 90, she has finally decided to share it with the world. It starts where the diary of Anne Frank stopped. via,0
Without fur and leather you get oil based products #nonewfur,0
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via,0
@realDonaldTrump Trump didn’t give uranium to Russia.. Democrat Hillary did Trump didn’t offer Ukraine/Crimea to Russia... Democrat Schumer did Trump wasn’t president when Russia invaded Crimea/Ukraine ... Democrat Obama was Yet #DemMediaCollusion blames Trump,0
Will #5G Reinvent Working From Home? Millions of tech-savvy Americans want the freedom to work from the couch #telework,0
History of Superbowl Ads It’s not just Patriots vs. Eagles. Advertisers also go head-to-head this weekend. Here’s a look back at the history of #SuperBowl commercials. via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Fakes in the Warehouse; Micro Logistics Strategies; Apple’s Supplier Tactics: Today’s Top Supply Chain &amp; Logistics News via,0
@stmorecowbell @JonathanTurley "The Russians and the Dossier Mueller should have investigated whether Moscow used Steele in its interference.",0
“Today, 76 years later, my greatest joy is that Germans are reading it.” via,0
Opinion | We Sent a Man to the Moon. We Can Send the Dollar to Cyberspace via @instapaper,0
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Coronavirus, writes Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost for opinion.,0
Great article in the opinion section this weekend on tax increases to come by the Democratic nominees featuring Andy's chart.,0
markets: The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms.,0
markets: Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China,0
markets: Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors.,0
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus,0
$PCG 14.14 LONG,0
@BillGertz @marcorubio @Jkylebass @MischaEDM @robert_spalding @BaldingsWorld @IanHFletch @WarrenPlatts @anderscorr @geoff_p_wade @GregWAutry @DanRDimicco @joshrogin @ding_gang @BRICBreaker @SariArhoHavren @JohnHemmings2 @dktatlow @RobertClark87 @AMFChina @ajphelo @benedictrogers @JackHHazlewood @1stculturetours @BenKTallmadge @IndoPac_Info @BoycottHegemony @RoyalSkinFood @halliburton50 @maryann_3040 @VOG2020 @sarawei3 @HimalayaGlobal The #CCP Orders Centralized Response to #Coronavirus Outbreak as Alert Level Rises @AndrewSErickson,0
🇺🇸 The pharmacist is out: supermarkets close pharmacy counters,0
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via,0
US espionage whistleblower Edward Snowden has promised to cooperate with investigations into the actions of the National Security Agency (NSA) in Brazil. In order to do so, he wants political asylum from Dilma Rousseff's government in return.,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via,0
Banks, however, have been unwilling to do business with Nynas, the company said in its plan, citing potential risks and compliance burdens of working with an entity with ties to sanctioned entities. via,0
something something "regulatory capture" “These are the kinds of things that need to arrive at legislative solutions, versus individual CEOs of individual companies having to sort of come up with answers to what is a big, massive, societal challenge,”,0
The Davos Crowd Embraces Big Global Government,0
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands via,0
Andy Reid studied RPOs, spread offenses and the pistol before it was trendy. He's the rare NFL coach who isn't too proud to look for help from the outside.,0
Newsletter: Coronavirus vs. the Economy via,0
A pending judge's ruling could be the final word on whether T-Mobile buys Sprint. But appeals are always an option. And don't sleep on the CPUC:,0
2/ "Cooper said he sent a copy of Bolton's manuscript to the NSC in December so it could be reviewed for classified information. He did so on the assurance that the contents of the book wouldn’t be disclosed to anyone not involved in that process.",0
Bayer AG needs access to large quantities of patient data and other sensitive information to train the artificial intelligence algorithms seen as crucial to big improvements. Access runs the risk of violating Europe’s strict data-privacy law. via,0
News Exclusive | State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe,0
Trump Defense Team to Present Arguments Following Bolton’s ‘800-Pound Gorilla’ - . This is getting good by the second.,0
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade,0
With Rus­sia’s help, Venezue­lan oil out­put could re­turn to 1 mil­lion bar­rels a day from a low of 650,000 to 700,000 bar­rels.,0
Amazing to see one of our partners in ! First-year @KBS_UC students worked w/ Nehemiah Manufacturing in fall 2019 for Project Impact. They put their newly-acquired business skills to the test to help a local organization achieve its business goals.,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle.,0
Dow drops 400 points on virus fears #coronavirus,0
The newly published diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, starts where the diary of Anne Frank stopped, according to the curator of a new exhibition in Berlin. via,0
Wuhan Mayor Points to Beijing for Lack of Transparency Over Virus,0
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout -,0
There is now a global housing market. via,0
The best is yet to come. #Trump2020 🇺🇸,0
Shares of energy companies in the S&amp;P 500 have lost 5.3% so far this month #OOTT via,0
Great article, isn't it .@RealDonaldTrump?,0
The Iowa caucuses are a chance for @realDonaldTrump’s campaign to flex organizational muscles. : “...the Trump campaign is planning an ambitious show of force around the state, with over 80 surrogates expected to appear at different sites.”,0
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - The Wall Street Journal,0
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey,0
Once a student at the School of American Ballet, Alexandra Waterbury—plaintiff in New York City Ballet’s ongoing sexual misconduct lawsuit—sets her sights on an Ivy League degree and a modeling career. Still, she warns future ballerinas of dance’s perils:,0
For a #caronavirus prece­dent, look back to 1918 when the Span­ish flu broke out amid WW1. In the US, the Wilson Gov’t employed war-time press censorship to play it down while peo­ple were dying by the thousands ~ Paul Wolfowitz &amp; Max Frost,0
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, via #GlobalSCMDrStanSCM Does policy mater?,0
@SusanCampell @ConnieVK @SenCoryGardner The Trump's support those who support the Trumps. Most Jews don't like his policies. Truth is where I'm coming from. FYI, I depend on original sources--like what comes out of Trump's mouth and his actions. Here's the for you:,0
By the way: The #UK will leave the #EU this Friday. #Brexit The U.S. hopes to complete a new trade agreement with the U.K. by the end of this year, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said via,0
In theory, taking more money out of a business leads to less capital being around for reinvestment and future growth... #Newmont #Barrick #Gold #DividendVSGrowth,0
The home mortgage data here in the U.S. shows a very different situation - mortgage applications, housing sales, and prices, all up. #RealEstate #economy,0
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via,0
Builders are on track to finish more new apartments in 2020 than in any year since the 1980s | via,0
A genre that I will always read: "No one wants Grandma's/Grandpa's heirloom _____ ",0
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via,0
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role as an impeachment manager isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs, where the Democrat won his seat from a longtime Republican incumbent in 2018 via,0
Our founder &amp; CEO @YourErikaKarp commented in that corporate disclosure around #ESG issues was poor and #investor problems were compounded by differing definitions &amp; errors in measurement. Read more here: #impinv #climate,0
A group of Senate Republicans including Braun, Lee and Graham cancelled a news conference planned for before today’s trial. They’re now calling for witnesses favored by Trump—a big shift from yesterday, when it looked like the witness vote would fail.,0
The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s leader hit a wall after a meeting with Russian officials last year—and hasn't recovered,0
Since mega-banks and the "too big to fail" hazards that follow them worked so well in the U.S.,0
See you in Iowa! 💪🏼 ”For the Feb. 3 caucuses, @TeamTrump is planning an ambitious show of force around the state, with over 80 surrogates expected to appear at different sites.” via #IACaucus,0
Oscar Decotelli, chief executive of Brazilian private-equity firm DXA Investments, shares his thoughts on the potential challenges that lie ahead for private-equity in Latin America,0
"Thousands of Chinese students' data exposed on Internet" #privacy #security #education,0
CIOs Share Their Priorities for 2020,0
A ⁦@TeamTrump⁩ preview of the juggernaut that will unleashed this fall. #KeepAmericaGreat 🇺🇸,0
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. Remarkable how naive Trump administration was about Russia’s loyalty to Maduro.,0
