Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Donald Trump claimed he didn't know Lev Parnas and wasn't involved in the firing of U.S. Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch. New reports of an undisclosed recording suggest those claims weren't true. 
75% of registered voters say witnesses should testify in the Senate impeachment trial, according to a new Quinnipiac poll. 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews .@AriMelber on tweets from Pres. Trump and his staff: "It's legal to lie on the Internet. Harder to do it in a trial setting." 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. Yeah, ok. Islam is a peaceful religion, right? 
Man quits job, sells possessions to travel around world with pet ferret 
@senschumer gives front row tickets for the DEM Disaster Performance to Lev Parnas etal. What an asshat 
Remembering Jim Lehrer: Fair and balanced before it was a slogan #RIP 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo | Video 
Schumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses? 
@JohnCornyn So was Trump’s audience here? 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue @chuckschumer for defamation | On Air Videos | 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
#Democratic #SanFrancisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested on #bribery charges #California ⁦⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ #Resistance @AdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ #FBR #Progressives ⁦@maddow⁩ 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism "possibly" anti-semitic? How about obviously? 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@GeoffRBennett Little help here? 
@realDonaldTrump Outrageous FoxNews is turning democrat 🤬 
Jenna Ellis: Trump Senate impeachment trial – Here's where things stand now, what should happen next Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Chris Murphy: Trump defense 'helped our case to win a vote on witnesses' 
@ClickingKen @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott @NorthCharleston I Really Hate Being A South Carolinian Right Now! This State's Senators Are #CORRUPT Too! 
Joe...you are my new hero. This was brilliant. Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@ElLanceroVZLA @BernieSanders I suspect u have no clue that @BernieSanders is no different from the 'leaders' that destroyed ur Country. "Perhaps no one has benefited more from Sanders’s career in politics than his wife Jane." 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Excellent article by Senator Tim Scott. Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics | 
Note the insert about Behar saying illegals=Holocaust survivors I would've decked the witch. No wonder upswing in anti-Semitism. Ppl aren't told truth Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Trump delivers joint remarks with the Israeli Prime Minister | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses Trump needs to testify. 
Peter Schweizer: Corrupt Communist Douchebag Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
What? But he was doing such a damn good job.🤡🙄 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead - 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Out of control deranged individual 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Hayes makes too many good points to even count in this short clip. 
@Judgenap Is a Complete Washed up Judge who enjoyed Incarcerating African Americans!! Total Racist!! JudgeNapolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Sen. Stabenow on potential witnesses in Senate impeachment trial: "I don't think it's our job to further [Trump's] politics. It's got to be relevant witnesses." 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Barbara Boxer: Trump's legal team seems unprepared 
Reminder that they going back and forth doing pickups and we dont get shit 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Biden physically pushing, poking, grabbing by the lapels, lecturing, refusing photos unless you plan to vote for him (quid pro quo, right?)—he’s a man with some major issues. 
Sen. @ChrisCoons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? Learn more: #11thHour 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Mark Levin says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment | 
Ocasio-Cortez rips 'shameful' Supreme Court ruling allowing 'public charge' immigration rule #AAG #AAG2020 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron I was surprised by her remarks about Kobe's sex case in the same sentence reporting on his &amp; his daughter's death!Fire her! 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan. If Trump is re-elected, he plans to cut Social Security deeply. Retired Americans will feel the financial impact of this malignant narcissist leader - and it will be too late to save them. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
This was excellent. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Norfolk News Meghan Markle 'never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,' source claims - 
Your boy is home sick from Infowars so enjoy for the duration #FishingForRobots #GoGoCosplay @FearRTs #NonExecs #BigData @GamingRTCentral #Economist #GreenNewDeal @SGH_RTs #GuildBulletin @ShoutRTs #Catgirl #Tunisia @MightyRTs #GiletsJaunes 
WTH??🙄🙄🙄From Discover on Google 
"It shows you what level we've sunk to. This president has utter contempt for Congress, I think the American people ... If we can't avoid being his patsy, what's going to happen in the future?" 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
.@MaddowBlog: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Pres. Trump’s law-breaking, according to new polling. 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues - 
Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries 
So much Lib-crap about truth telling! “The newspaper shall tell ALL the truth so far as it can learn it, concerning the important affairs...” WaPo reporter suspended over Kobe tweet. [Like chill, Babe, we’re all Progressives here.] ⁦@TuckerCarlson⁩ 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Trump accidentally releases the republican plan to steal your social security 
Jon Stewart and John Feal successfully lobbied on the Hill to ensure that compensation was provided to first responders at Ground Zero. Now they are focusing their efforts to help vets allegedly made sick from burn pit exposure. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Sen. Warner: GOP hasn't proven why Hunter Biden would be as relevant a witness as Amb. Bolton 
Raleigh News Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' - 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
‘Member when you were added as a lobbyist for Ballard advising the Qatari Embassy for $115k a month bc you were an expert in M.E. affairs and a fluent Arabic speaker? Oh wait....#GlassHouses Despite earlier controversy, Pam Bondi joining Team Trump 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
Despite our differences, all Americans can agree that American music is one thing that brings us together. Our true icons are few &amp; far between nowadays. That being said, I hope they catch the vandal &amp; @billyjoel throws the book at him. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Dem wavering on impeachment? Manchin signals he's open to Trump defense argument #SmartNews This guy is always on the GOP side what gives... white supremacy my guess! 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
@luizlemuz @CBSNews @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
Angus King on #TrumpImpeachment: This is more serious than I thought From Discover on Google @TheView @cspanwj 
Chris Hayes on Kobe Bryant's life and legacy 
@dpleasant Here it is 
Coming to America soon. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Sleep changes with aging but it doesn’t just change with aging - it can also start to explain aging itself 
I've always heard Chris Matthews, a rather mere and self-excited fool~but which fits well with so very many Americans, . . . religious or non-religious, alike, . . . 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Oh yeah. It is a pandemic brewing! 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner #SmartNews 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during impeachment trial same ignoand arrogance towards electorate and democracy than what we see in the UK 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters | Lemmon is swinging from the trees, what a Chimp! 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters → 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@MarthaMcSally will you support getting ALL the information from witnesses? We deserve the be betold before the Senate! Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@SenToddYoung @SenatorBraun THIS IS CALLED PREMEDITATION. 
Is this why toilets won't flush? 
Psychiatrist: Trump's projection on Chairman Schiff is ‘primitive’ 
After bullying reporter, Pompeo basks in presidential praise 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan - @nuzzel 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@realDonaldTrump All Republicans should hear this! “Full audio: #LevParnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation” 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought @SenatorCollins 
State Dept. releases docs that show how Giuliani's smear campaign against Yovanovitch reached Pompeo 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote | 
Wow! Really🤬 Evan Rachel Wood☠ tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
It's not @donlemon ? Oh wait . . . 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law A female flogging unit has been introduced in Indonesia’s Aceh province to dole out public whippings against women found violating the region’s Sharia law. bi… 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@realDonaldTrump Speaking of a very sick man! “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of a video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
WATCH: Senate Minority Leader Schumer reacts to the defense presented by Pres. Trump's legal team: "The president's lawyers have spent three days avoiding the truth." 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
.@mayawiley on Senate impeachment trial: "It's also a murder conspiracy, and the victim here is the Constitution." 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash: Kobe Bryant’s 13-year-old daughter Gianna was among the victims of a helicopter crash that also killed her father and three other people on Sunday, according to Calabasas… 
Reps are total losers! Weak! What more do they need to hear to vote yes-no to impeach Trump? He's innocent of these bogus charges &amp; they know it! Meanwhile back at the rally tonight! Psh! We need to vote for spines not swines! #TrumpLandslideVictory2020 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
@MNajeddine Quit the conspiratorial bs. You’re saying a 78 year old with a handful of years of life expectancy who managed to pass 7 bills in 30 years as senator, has funded a dark money group and pretends he never fundraised with rich people is the best choice? Nah. 
European lawmakers demand sanctions on Iran for human rights abuses 
Just obnoxious. This is why President Trump must be re-elected, and by a wider margin. To show the real depth of his support. CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
BREAKING: President Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." @NicolleDWallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
Thankful we still have men of God like @Franklin_Graham who take a stand against sin, without hate but in the name of love. #Faithful #GodIsLove 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
So tired of the cover up by @GOP Panel: Republicans make 'miscalculation' by going on offense against Bolton 
Chuck Rosenberg: ‘You don’t trade’ witnesses | January 23, 2020 #news 
Maybe the Sanders campaign's model is Burlington College? Jane is pushing a video by the guy who got hired and fired within 24 hours for his "I Have A Wet Dream" MLK video... which is still online. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ 
In Ukraine scandal, Devin Nunes has some explaining to do @DevinNunes @senatemajldr 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Improper classification by #perp-#Pence. We'll just classify the damaging material! #maga😔 Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
@TumultuousDon @Kman411K @DerekM58830142 @Education4Libs You mean THIS crime fighter Trump? 😂😂😂 
Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in Louisiana | 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Politics Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation xxxx 
Loyalty Oaths Heavily Hyped By FOX Type Media &amp; Massive Attacks On Any Individual Who Doesn't Sign On Or Goes Off Lockstep After Doin So!! * The GOP’s affinity for loyalty oaths * #MoscowMitch #MidnightMitch #IMPEACHED45 #IMPOTUS45 #chickenhawkIMPOTUS45 
Romney is 'trying to give cover to other Republicans' with impeachment trial stance 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Trump knows. Bernie knows Trump knows. It's all very suspenseful. 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Sen. Merkley: I absolutely want Lev Parnas to testify in Senate 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
"You can bet that he's going to be hearing those words thrown back at him throughout the campaign. Even a week before Election Day – it matters." – @JoeNBC on Pres. Trump indicating that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare 
Must be a bigger situation that they don’t want us to know about. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
MSM: THIS! THIS! THIS! Keep it simple, follow what Chris Hayes says! Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments Desperate times call 4 desperate measures. 😤 
@SenKevinCramer @realDonaldTrump @RepAdamSchiff @DailyCaller @amber_athey There. Are. Tapes. @realDonaldTrump ordered a "hit" - an assassination, of a US Citizen who was doing a great job serving as US ambassador to Ukraine. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' #AAG #AAG2020 
WATCH: @SenatorRomney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. #impeachmenttrial #senateimpeachmenttrial #witnesses 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
I would hope all Republican Senators support President Trump and if they don't; they should switch parties because President has done nothing wrong!! Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial | 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@CardozoLaw's Professor Jessica Roth spoke with @'s Brian Williams about the impeachment trial. #FacultyWithImpact 
Not acceptable Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
In another episode of dumb and still dumb, #Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 🤦🏼‍♀️ (Of course a few billion doesn’t count when you are king #crimeboss ) 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Quote of the day... "Confederacy of Dunces" 
State Dept. official flagged Hunter Biden's 'conflict of interest' in Ukraine, testimony shows 
I will never understand how anyone could be so stupid to even try fentanyl or heroin even one time!! Why?Addiction is one thing but to even think about experimenting with something so deadly is insane!!! Rapper Lexii Alijai's cause of death revealed 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
McCarthy: Watch for indictments in Durham's probe of Trump-Russia investigation's origins | 
When something like this is raised, the explanation is always that Republicans are mass stoles. 
End times Biblical prophecy? Plague of locusts in Kenya? or food for the Kenyans? Betcha Laura Ingalls Wilder never snacked on these. 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low Should be stopped altogether because they are not all the equivalence of corruption. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
the boomerest boom in all existence of booming, by a boomer 
@SpeakerPelosi More corruption in California! Why?? Because you're to busy with the fkn hoax to run your own state. 
@GOP Intentional #lying in #Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
President trump has proven to be a compulsive liar that makes up unneccessary lies and expects us to believe what lie he is going to come up with in this press release. White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Rock on Senator Paul. Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
@EWErickson You've literally never watched once in your life, have you? We see you, fascist loving clownshoe 
BREAKING Most wanted #femaleterrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed American children 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Neal Katyal: Trump trying to use executive privilege to hide from American people 
Here come the Kobe Bryant accolades. How quickly they choose to forget. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Today's homepage features 46 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
JUST IN: Susan Collins says, “The reports about John Bolton’s book strengthen the case for witnesses and have prompted a number of conversations among my colleagues.” 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Romney needs to go...back to Massachusetts...... John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
@Sloan1948 The video Jack getting taking down ... 
#THEIMPEACHMENTOFKKKTRUMP DAY 2: AKA ‘OPENING ARGUMENTS’ WAS EPIC!!! DEMOCRATIC MANAGERS ARE ON FUCKING 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥!!! 
As we exit #DryJanuary (nice work!) I want to highlight fun facts about the benefits of alcohol. A #nightcap might have #health benefits other than just being relaxing? Learn more with myself and #dietitian friends over on @AmyGorin 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
WooooooHoooooo!!!! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Rem. accepting Maddow's falsehood @annclemens @rosie4water @NAMIChicago @americatshirts @jeffbernthal @SenChapinRose iL @scott_wiener ca @markellebracht @Monichols MO @brachttravis @lizziesmommy @happylucy28 @mommyhuey @kyrstensinema @beckystigen 
Hey, ⁦@SenateGOP⁩, over here! In case you haven’t heard, (liar): National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed fr office. Let me say it real slow for ya, “convicted &amp; removed from office.” So, that means vote to convict! The world’s watching. 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" That's not 'curious' - it's corrupt to the core. 
Rep. McCarthy: They have the transcript, they don't need anything more 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
@donlemon Awww! Come on tell us which guy was actually pulling the string on your anal beads you had in so the American people will know who was making you laugh the hardest dont leave us in suspense the American public deserves to know !¿! 
Democrats honed in on their charge that President Trump abused his power, turning to past statements from some of the president's top allies to help make their case on the third day of his Senate impeachment trial. 
@riverhawkfox @BernieSanders #DishonestBernie Try truth for a change. And have some class, like Joe. 
Monday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.27.20 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@RBReich The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 📹 👉🏻 
TESTING ONLY for NBC News: Testing E2E workflow for Wildmoka files to be moved to Akamai on ingest, so the process that takes a long time gets done up front - hopefully before an editor adds all their metadata and publishes to site. 
#MidnightMoscowMitch we see who you are. #MerrickGarland From Discover on Google 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Key numbers to know as Trump&amp;#8217;s defense team presents case 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
@WayneThomas__ @RaeAnne8 @Heart4WI @realDonaldTrump Here's a source you'll probably trust - Notice how 3 of the 9 names testified; Volker, hale, Morrison. Also notice how none of the others were relevant 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@realDailyWire @realDonaldTrump "[Lemon] put his hand down the front of his own shorts, and vigorously rubbed his genitalia, removed his hand and shoved his index and middle fingers into Plaintiff's mustache and under Plaintiff's nose," lawsuit filed Aug. 11 in Suffolk County Court 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
Where are the congressional hearings on Puerto Rico? 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe: 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump wraps up defense - 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | - 
Franklin Graham responds after his UK event was canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
.@RepAdamSchiff defends the call for new witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial #AdamSchiffHasMyRespect #FactsMatter #TruthMatters 
@AlwaysThinkHow @sharonhg0 @lawrencehurley Think, think they DONT get benefits. So where did THIS stat come from? It’s for medical alone! 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court | 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears ::Sounds like a Damb Good Idea to me!! Are We next? @realDonaldTrump 
MT: LISTEN: #AudioRecording appears to show President #Trump order firing of the #USAmbassadorToUkraine, #MarieYovanovitch 
Meet San Francisco's new lightning rod DA: Raised by Bill Ayers, worked for Hugo Chavez | 
Claire McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied! 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
In this report on Wednesday, the third day of Trump’s impeachment trial and the first day of the substantive opening arguments, Chief Legal Correspondent Ari Melber breaks down the key moments. Melber analyzes the high stakes debate... 
Hawley: If Senate calls impeachment witnesses, the Bidens, Schiff and whistleblower should all testify #SmartNews 
President Trump is Killing it! Crowds overflowed the rally with tens of thousands of New Jersey MAGA patriots outside. It seems the more demented the Democrat’s get, the more people seem to love our President! Trump, hits Dems amid impeachment fight 
's new podcast “So You Wanna Be President” is about what it takes to win the nomination, hosted by Chris Matthews. The first two episodes are available right now, listen and subscribe for free on Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. 
Opening arguments in Senate impeachment trial conclude; written questions to follow #AAG #AAG2020 
@GOP What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP . WE ALL KNOW THAT TRUMP NEEDS TO GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE. TRUMP THE SWAMP CREATURE. 
Plane carrying 210 evacuees from Wuhan diverted from Ontario Internat’l to Riverside air base. Very glad the State Department stepped up health safety caution, diverting plane of 210 evacuees straight out of Wuhan to a non-public airport. #coronavirus 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Yes! This!! Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet" FOX NEWS 
“What Google’s doing with health data violates every basic rule of consent. The hospital centers and health care chains sign-on with Google and neither the patient nor the doctor is given knowledge or consent.” — ⁦@rachelbovard⁩ 
@CNN @msnbc @abc ⁦@CBSNews ⁦@NBCNews⁩ ⁦⁩ Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
DAILY REMINDER: REPUBLICAN Senators celebrated our 4th of July 2018 in Russia with Putin's people Richard C. Shelby (Ala.) Steve Daines (Mont.), John Hoeven (N.D.), Ron Johnson (Wis.), John Kennedy (La.), Jerry Moran (Kan.), John Thune (R-S.D.) 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Flood of new impeachment evidence shaping views ahead of trial 
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump Ken Starr hypocrisy 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal. "Purely non-criminal conduct such as abuse of power and obstruction of Congress are outside the range of impeachable offenses," Dershowitz said. 
Biden for Bolton? Will Democrats and Republicans each get a Trump impeachment witness? @costareports shares the latest. Learn more: #11thHour 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Can you say... "Scumbag?!!! I can!! :/ 
Parnas says Trump, Pence, Barr, Bolton, Nunes all knew about Ukraine pressure campaign. If Parnas is telling the truth, at the very least Barr should be out of a job. Pence should be called as a witness with Bolton Nunes needs to be kicked off committees 
REAL misogyny Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
@JoeBiden You did it, too! 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution #SmartNews How about the sight sounds and smell of your buddy tRUMP tearing families apart as they seek asylum. Stop living I the past 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' I agree with Rand Paul 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@LunaStryker1 @Saywahnow @WajahatAli @TheRickWilson @donlemon @realDonaldTrump Look at the one I posted with Rep. Barbara Lee. It contains Trump's Fox interview where he said it. Sorry deleted other tweet. I called he Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee. 
WATCH: Sen. Minority Leader Schumer says public pressure has already affected the impeachment trial and he is "very hopeful that what happened tonight will move the public and they will move some Republican senators in our direction." 
During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
How will Trump's 'public charge' rule affect immigrants? @LouisCasiano 
: CBP officers in Minnesota seize $900G in counterfeit bills from Chinese shipping container. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Cipollone: "Should your answer [on impeachment] depend on your political party? Answer: no." We agree. Republicans should stop cooperating with Trump's corrupt cover-up, listen to their constituents, and hold an actual fair trial. 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
Oh please, dont give us that crap 
The knives are out for Sanders / Warren. Dems know they are unelectable ... remember George McGovern? Schumer wants to prolong “farce trial” (we know how they will vote) to tarnish Trump and keep Sanders / Warren from campaigning. 
Man quits job, sells possessions to travel around world with pet ferret 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
👍 NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
"There’s really only one class of individuals who speak like that: Mobsters." - Legal analyst Chuck Rosenberg on recording in which a voice apparently belonging to Pres. Trump orders aides to "get rid" of Amb. Yovanovitch. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation They all know! They are all in the loop! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Resign! 
Chris Matthews on message to GOP senators: 'Not only did [Trump] do this... he will keep doing it' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
How does a scumbag like this even get out in charge of such a task? Corruption to the core. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
⁦@JoeBiden⁩ says son Beau walks with him. “The way you make it is you find purpose and realise they are inside you.” This is best guidance on grief since my Mom died. I want an elder statesman who can unite US &amp; bring us back to sanity #JoeBiden2020 
Yea, but do we think CNN will fire Don Lemon? Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McConnell moves to lockdown press for Trump trial 
@MorganStanley @POTUS How about my Testimony? The News is Absolutely unbelievable. How did everything I told @MorganStanley come true? Even the bad, the worst things imaginable. I want to know. The people need to know. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
: Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is 'destroying trust in media' by pretending to be nonpartisan. 
Schumer is Scum. He will make this up about the Trumps ignoring the FACT Bidens did it and he blessed it off. — “Maybe his kids had some economic interest at stake. And, did it impact our nation's foreign policy with those countries?"- 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Sessions on Bolton book: We don't have enough discipline, respect in our government 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report 
New poll shows @realDonaldTrump will win by landslide in November unless Democrats can produce millions of illegal votes. Here is the visual of the poll: 
As Trump goes on trial, new debate over U.S. justice system, prison lawsuit by Jay-Z &amp; Yo Gotti 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
@SenThomTillis @realDonaldTrump @JoeNBC says Thom Tillis is a dunce and he's right. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' #ImpeachmentTrial 
Hosted By MFrazz: Queen Elizabeth's first public engagements announced amid royal family drama 
@RepDougCollins Here you go peanut. Maybe you’ll believe General Kelly. 
BREAKING: President Trump's defense team gives 2 hours of arguments Saturday before concluding; impeachment trial to resume Monday. 
"Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win" 
@DonaldJTrumpJr This fact really undercuts the perfect call narrative. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Hmm..I hope she doesn’t head butt one of our fine fine missiles... 
Brazil rainstorms, landslides leave dozens dead, thousands evacuated 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown! 
#SanFrancisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down,... 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Bolton trying to cash on a betrayal to his former boss is despicable to any righteous person Chris Wallace says he's struck by how Republicans have turned on John Bolton 
Winona Ryder visits birthplace of Winona, Minn., in Squarespace ad for Sunday's game 
@TheBrutalTrut14 @isawthesethings @justinamash According to Lindsey Graham, a crime isn't necessary for impeachment. And even then, the Government Accountability Office says Trump DID commit a crime by withholding aid: 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters #NotMeUs 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Great to join @SchmittNYC this morning on @FoxFriendsFirst discussing the 2020 Democratic field. Hard to believe the #IowaCaucus is less than a week away. 
Tribe blasts McConnell's 'dark of night' Trump trial 'cover-up' 
Interesting video about the future of commerce, and the future is Asia! #asia #business #entrepreneurship #trade #china #books #expansion #commerce 
Tucker: Bernie Sanders intends to upend America's economic order 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
'What Sick and Twisted Ivory Tower Do You Live In?' Marine Blinded in Attack Rips Canada's Trudeau | Insider #NeverForgiveTerrorists 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source #CNN #MSNBC 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Oh look.. another America Hating, Trump Bashing, Liberal Hack Award Show.... NO THANKS! - Oscars 2020: Where to watch and what to know about the Academy Awards 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Grow some backbone Senators! At some point in time we could expect to have a bad president. That time has come. You're not changing an election, you need to... 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Wow, what a liar. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Thursday January 23 - The Rachel Maddow Show: Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails; Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable Via @maddow @ 
Chris Hayes in front of a live studio audience 
Sen. Bennet on new Bolton revelations: "It shows you what level we've sunk to ... The president has utter contempt for Congress, and I think for the American people." 
@benshapiro @jonward11 You'd have to be really dumb to believe that there was no quid pro quo, right? 
Obviously they lied because some did watch. Is it a GOP requirement that you have to lie when you are on camera? @LindseyGrahamSC Send me the $, you didn't earn it! Multiple GOP Senators claim they won't be watching Trump impeachment hearing 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' #tcot 
Looks like Hunter was listening to Pam Bondi yesterday. 😉 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders | 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents #SenateTrial #ImpeachmentTrial 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday - Defunct satellites should be captured and removed from orbit. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ - 
@RepKenBuck Why do all those on left adore perverts... 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
@Mattreyu199 @TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump Nope. 
PROVEN LIAR SCHIFF YIKES. SCHIFF HAS NO CREDIBILITY BECAUSE OF HIS LIES VOTERS TAKE NOTICE 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of... 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
You're not fit to lead their party Sanders &amp; they'll do everything they can to stop u (taking their cues from Obama perhaps?) Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Jesse Watters says 'it's over' after watching Trump legal team's opening Senate impeachment defense 
@piersmorgan @megynkelly Perhaps you should listen to the video tape on how your buddy @realDonaldTrump is urging to take out #Yovanavitch .. 
Dick Head Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #SmartNews Chinese factories used by the Ivanka Trump brand faced 18-hour workdays and abuse from their managers, Let talk about this 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
America's top 5 #deadliest cities 
@RAZ0RFIST in the lighter side of the news: its been discovered that bernie sanders aint the penny pincher he seems due to some strategic accounting thanks to his wife. 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
This is exactly why San Francisco is a mess. I am sure every city official is on the take. But I guess even #CorruptPoliticians need to find extra cash to pay skyrocketing prices in SF fueled by the policies of the #FederalReserve. 
Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wife's defense over 'hostile working environment' claims at ...: MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
What I Tweet I write as i tweet so you guys are missing out on msnbc.....I have never copied anything from another person. Read them if you want? I am busy and don't give interviews... 
Every major disease that is killing us in first-world nations now have strong causal links to a lack of sleep. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Corrupt Trump goes after the poor and middle class!!! No more Medicare!!! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
“These doctors may soon regret their decision. "Medicare-for-all" would saddle physicians with pay cuts, long hours, and rolls of regulatory red tape. That would cause even more doctors to burn out.” #MedicareForAll 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Lol @BernieSanders, they're screwing you AGAIN. And using Podesta, the idiot who's email got compromised b/c he used the password "password". 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump @nbcnews 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
This sounds very disturbing. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
JUST IN: Democrats demand that Bolton testify in the Senate impeachment trial after a NYTimes report Sunday night surfaced new details from Bolton’s upcoming book about the president and Ukraine. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#Medicare #SocialSecurity #LiarInChief "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump’s impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #SmartNews 
Sen. Klobuchar on Bolton book manuscript: "I literally do not understand how our colleagues can justify this." 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
This is what Nancy referred to as the wrap up smear tactic Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been #SmartNews 
Fred Fleitz to John Bolton: Withdraw your book 
💥💥💥Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
@RepDougCollins I’m working with Trump RE-election campaign although I will help your Senate campaign where I can. 
Brooklyn woman charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic Hanukkah attacks 
Imagine that! 🤨 The head of San Francisco's Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s fecal matter and needle-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
#PutinsPuppet #Schiff: Why wouldn't #GOPSenators #want to #hear from #JohnBolton? #News #GOP #Corruption… 
Dozens of elephants starve to death at Zimbabwe national park amid drought 
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenateGOP @TheDemocrats @senatemajldr @cnnbrk @foxnation AMERICA AS WE KNEW IT IS OVER. GOP IS ENSURING THIS BY NOT GOING WITH TRUTH AND FACTS OUTTA FEAR. MITCH AS POTUS IS DESPICABLE! 🇺🇸 💀 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" This man is a liar. Shame on him 
"Monday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.27.20" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
RINOS ALL NEED TO GO!!!🤬🎭👹McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
A MUST WATCH!!! Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
That is an understatement. Out classed and out smarted by better, smarter lawyers. Mr. Shiff is second to none. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Muslim already are dirty especially Muslim women and if she is Palestinian more than dirty so Rashida Tlaib F u Mfucker Muslim 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" #stopthemadness #socialismkills #socialsecurity 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
We are a nation in crisis. We need Mental Health reform. Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner 
Here is that gross and disgusting thing that @donlemon did!! He makes me need to vomit!! Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Peter Schweizer on media bias, his new book and the 'two sides to Joe Biden' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript #news #breaking #fox 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' | ~ Take him for every cent that POS has💕🇺🇸💕 
MaddowBlog: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitious' on evidence 
@dcexaminer @IvankaTrump @donlemon @realDonaldTrump Couldn’t except anything else from employee at CNN! Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpIsGuilty #WitnessesAndDocuments 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
' And Perez picked John Podesta – who served as Clinton’s 2016 campaign manager – to have a seat on the committee.' IT security just shot to the top of the Concerns list. 1234 is not a password. Sanders supporters fume 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Trump has chosen lobbyists to run EPA, HHS, DOD, and Interior 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid | 
@RudyGiuliani @realDonaldTrump The has been no claim of executive privilege. There have been claims of some "absolute immunity" which has no precedent and has already been rejected by one judge. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Challenger explosion among the deadliest space disasters 
#LemonHead the gift that keeps on giving. The poster child for the #WalkAwayFromDemocrats Movement. 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
Jessica Simpson admits she always had alcohol cup 'filled to the rim' with her before sobriety - 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
"Despite earlier controversy, Pam Bondi joining Team Trump" 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Because we have @SenateGOP doing that job for us. 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Rep. Demings: ‘Take her out’ line usually comes from mobsters 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron When you are truly heartless you become a reporter! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments @rhotwire 
@TomMorrisJr1 this has got to make #LivePD this weekend!! @OfficialLivePD @Sean_C_Larkin 
@DeepersWard @ECMcLaughlin Burr needs to be called out. 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' #TaxUfornia 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Ex-fucking-actly! And the truth will set you free...or in this case get you primaried at least. 🤣🤣🤣 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
@MortonOWH @SenSasse @SenSasse @jameswegmann Want to be on the side of your constituents? View this: 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
All of Trump's cronies are falling on the sword by being put in prison for Trump's bull -shit and the Trump family is getting away with breaking the laws. So I guess... 
Angus%20King%20on%20Trump%20impeachment%3A%20This%20is%20more%20serious%20than%20I%20thought 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
How dangerous could John Bolton possibly be for Trump? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 👈🏼 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base #ncov 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
@tc_emdee @Keplonopin @daveweigel Correct. Here you go: 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
"Winona Ryder visits birthplace of Winona, Minn., in Squarespace ad for Sunday's game" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Full Igor Fruman (and Lev Parnas) phone recording of Trump dinner. Video/audio. Looks like Junior was there. Maybe Jared too? 
The Enemy Within - Socialism 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Trump is delusional and the Senate Republicans have drank his Kool-Aid! Interesting article in The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
Meghan Markle 'never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,' source claims - 
Live Streaming! Impeachment Trial in the Senate 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
GM to invest $2.2B in first all-electric vehicle plant, create 2,200 jobs 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #SmartNews 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Trump is an imbecile but evidently so is his defense attorney LOL! Interesting article in The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!👍😜😁 
Is that Rove? 
Screening for #coronavirus to be expanded at 20 US #airports: | #AirTravel 
Pam Bondi gets destroyed. 🔥🔥🔥 Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' #SmartNews lol ungrateful Negro BLACKS Undervalued underestimated and marginalized a quote from the black Eagle Joe Madison! 
WATCH: Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell. #inners 
“We feel a moral obligation to show up and take a stand, rejecting the racism, bigotry, misogyny, violence, and corruption of this administration.” 
Senate GOP confident effort to shut down calls for witnesses, evidence will be 'victorious' 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
That's pretty rich coming from John Kelly who was fired for undermining and publicly disparaging President Trump. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@gatewaypundit @MarshaBlackburn Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
BOLTON WITHDRAWS BOOK. ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@JaySekulow⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact ⁦@amjoyshow⁩ #AMJoy 
Biden says he would not cut SSN benefits as POTUS #cybersecurity #infosec #security 
"I just don't know why they would have this job and come here if they're not gonna protect the Constitution." Amy Klobuchar on her #Republican Senate colleagues. Don't worry @senAmyKlobuchar, come November, many of them will no longer have their jobs. 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
If the Democrats get their wish for ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ to testify, it is only fair that Hunter &amp; Joe would too since they started this whole thing. I hope neither is suicided. Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates:Trump’s team makes arguments 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #TheReligionOfPeace #BahHumbug 
@AndreaNRuth @BuzzFeedBen @B_M_Finnigan "We can't get into, like, the details there." 
Psychiatrist: Trump's projection on Chairman Schiff is ‘primitive’ 
"They look down at their shoes. They look embarrassed." Senator Klobuchar talking about Senate GOPpers expressions as they listen to House Mgrs' presentation. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@MittRomney @lisamurkowski @ChuckGrassley @BenSasse @CoryGardner @LamarAlexander We all fear for our republic. This trial must include witnesses &amp; evidence. The preservation of our democracy, our Constitution, &amp; our national security are at risk. 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
: Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true. @GoogleNews LYING BOOB. 
#IvankaTrump rips 'disgusting' #FakeNewsCNN panel that mocked supporters of #PresidentTrump!👍 #DeplorablesUnited are a powerful voting block--watch #Progressive #Elites start crying after #2020Election!😀 #WalkAway #KAG 🇺🇸 #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 🇺🇸 
Does Ken Starr know he's Ken Starr? 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews A lie TRUMP and HANNITY is peddling to SIMPLETONS. 
France sees rash of anti-Christian acts while anti-Semitism rises, officials say 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Disgusting. How can these GOP Senators continue this bogus investigation?What a waste of our money. 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
I'm sure Emperor Trump has paid many bribes over the years. 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script - Mitch you better Not Cave in to Dems desires!! If witnesses get called, then the Bidens, whistleblower, Schiff, vanderman are MUSTS! 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
#ScaredSchiffless #GOPanic : McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. @GoogleNews 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump The defense charade didn’t presented a single document exonerating Trump. In fact, while they were smearing Biden (which has nothing to do with Trump’s behavior), new potential evidence came to light. #AmericansDemandWitnesses 
2 Ohio officers fired for their strip-club arrest of Stormy Daniels 
John Kelly : #TrumpImpeachmentTrial 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Sen. Graham on Bolton book manuscript: "If there's a need to add to the record, my view is we're going to completely add to the record – not selectively ... If the Senate needs to secure testimony from John Bolton, then I will say so." 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Typical 
How dangerous could John Bolton's potential testimony be for Trump? Learn more: #11thHour 
wants to know if you think "people should be able to carry guns?" LOL. This backfired spectacularly the last time they tried. Let's help them out again. 
Oregon man accused of fatally stabbing 2 on train after yelling racial slurs at women goes to trial 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally 
State Department advises Americans to reconsider traveling to China amid coronavirus outbreak #AAG #AAG2020 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. #MAGA #KAG2020 
@Popeye41694235 @shesgotgame16 @youregayhahaha @AsaRealDreamer @Jennianne9 @gbutler77 @dakota_sammy @judgeyourself99 @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews @YoutzIlene Once again, that has been talked through. 
75% of Americans want witnesses. But this is the only witness you need. 
You may be walking your dog wrong, PETA founder says - @GoogleNews 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@heckyessica @donlemon He Donny-boy...$20 bucks to go stand in the middle of this crowd and mock them in person. Let’s see how that goes over. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested WHAT WE ALL KNEW GOV HAS NO CLUE WHATS GOING ON. JUST LIKE OLD JERRY. Fire the gov of CA. DO UR JOB OR LEAVE 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
"The most glaring problem w/yesterday’s proceedings was Trump’s lawyers’ willingness to brazenly lie ..." @ @realDonaldTrump 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
@dcexaminer @donlemon @TheRickWilson @WajahatAli @realDonaldTrump Meanwhile, @donlemon Lemon was served with the Sexual Assault complaint Wednesday and Soon To Be On National Sex Offenders List! Who Is IGNORANT 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Moderate Democratic Sens. Joe Manchin, Doug Jones, and Kyrsten Sinema were all weighing votes to acquit Trump on at least one of the two articles of impeachment, Politico reported. 
Chris Hayes on Kobe Bryant's life and legacy 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
@mccaffreyr3 @Mrsmaxdewinter The full audio, the dinner with Parnas where they talk about Ukraine. He is a real monster. 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP’s… 
@MadisonSiriusXM Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' #SmartNews lol ungrateful Negro BLACKS Undervalued underestimated and marginalized a quote from the black Eagle Joe Madison! 
Las Vegas welcome sign to light up in purple and gold to honor Kobe Bryant, crash victims 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses #SmartNews 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Wow! Liberals wanted them their and made themselves sanctuary cities and now you want to dump on them! Typical Liberal Democrats! All they want is votes. They care for no one! California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Gold star father Khizr Khan discusses the newly planned travel ban by the Trump administration with @'s @AliVelshi and Harvard Law School's Vivek @Wadhwa. 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
@harleyb11 Here's what Lisa Page herself said about the insurance policy. Please listen. 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Yep. There need to be consequences. We're sick of @SenSchumer &amp; Co getting off scot-free for inflicting this farce upon the president, his family &amp; all of America "Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him'" 
NFL rejects veterans group's Super Bowl ad urging people to stand for the anthem 
@realDonaldTrump FULL AUDIO: Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Democrats need your vote to turn America into the filthy sh*thole their policies have turned San Francisco into. Tell them to take a hike! #VoteRed San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Swing county Arizona voters weigh in on impeachment. 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' So do most of us! @realDonaldTrump 
@NHMommy1 @SpicyNoodles2 @RMachArts @BluesBrother91 @Joe_Logical @weebutmightiest @mizdonna @wmahoney5 @AllanKirkhart @jellen805 @olystubbies44 @TexasKelGirl @SonofMan__2 @jskielb3 @BS2KZ @textranquilo @coco_bean88 @chris_b4 @sportsmom9433 @mickdownsouth @2222vj @is_contagious @DrPainsInfo @unseen1_unseen @salty_dawg69 @HankMullaney @WilhelmDerErste @JonAdam24656739 @politicalwilli @PatriotSally @birockin @JayVanorman @chriswray3 @TheRand2025 @ByronFackenthal @mom_grateful @KellySunshineT1 @sc_lorraine @ModBond1 @LeighStagger @blc3428 @TurntableKittah @AuntieVodkahhh @Debbie22210 @RickCrainium @Boozy2B @RadGeekpartduex @PlimouthOutWest @markjohnt2 Of course he interjected his mittens. 
Italian driver evades flaming cars in botched highway robbery attempt 🙄 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@Jude60208607 @Tigress700 @StaySeeJ08 @evanrachelwood Stop getting your info from blog posts. The prosecution's forensic witness contradicted the medical examiner's report and said that it was possible the sex was consensual. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
" to fly fan to New York City so they can watch Super Bowl in bread-themed hotel room" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
'C'mon... Everyone understands the president wasn't acting in good faith': Hayes 
NEW: British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Russian officials rescue over 500 'amateur' fishermen who got stranded on giant ice floe 
Gender equality from the so-called religion of peace. You can't make this stuff up... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@donlemon keep laughing asshole. has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Africa locust plague worst infestation in decades: ‘Even cows are wondering what is happening’ 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base KALITTA TO THE RESCUE... 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses - @shareaholic 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ @nbcnews 
Most wanted female #SocialistDem terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Jerry Falwell Jr.: My Trump endorsement was correct — here's how he restored American Greatness 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
SANE AMERICA SPEAKS LOUD AND CLEARLY!!!!! National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@LindaSellsFla @Rebelangie1 @ROWMANEMPIRE @zorye225 @AmbJohnBolton Yes. Not the whole hour but bits and pieces. Have you not seen it? Here’s a link. Enjoy 
Bernie Sanders on upswing in early states in new Iowa, New Hampshire polls 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
President Trump unveils Middle East peace plan amid Senate impeachment trial #AAG #AAG2020 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' - NBC News @nuzzel thanks @ghoshworld 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
It's ALL for show! WHO cares? #LevParnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
.@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
“Quid Quo Pro” Biden Admits Guilt! Biden rapid response director Andrew Bates then used Kaleniuk's remarks to argue that Biden was justified when, by his own admission, he threatened to withhold $1 billion in U.S. aid to Ukraine unless Shokin was fired. 
@JoyAnnReid @amjoyshow Joys says “All is know is what really happened” when Steve Cortes was spouting lies...Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
Kissing ass to save his job. He is absolutely pathetic @CNN #cnn @donlemon He needs to be fired -- Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@LindseyGrahamSC Why would he want to know how Ukraine would fare without aid? Ukraine, which was certified by the DOJ re: progress on corruption? Aid, approval of which had been given by Congress, for whose judgment he couldn’t legally substitute his own? 
"The lyrics apply to this false choice between boredom and accountability ... As Lizzo says, 'truth hurts, needed something more exciting.' So beware those asking you to trade excitement for truth—in the end it might not be a very good trade." - @AriMelber 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
@coton_luver @IvankaTrump @sergenyt has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
They got him now Fam! It's over! #ResignTrump 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court They found him in his running car in the garage. Efforts were made to revive him. Dulos was taken to UConn Health Center. 
As it should be!!!! United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Chapter 1 in the manual "How to Nominate Hillary in a Brokered Convention, 2020." @HeyTammyBruce @MickeyLapp @NYJooo @cthill247 @ricknagasawa @RobW_TN 
Unimaginable #female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal. 
Second chances in Louisiana 
@Dan_Barnes @EmbryEthan @MANX38 Trump was criticized by the left for doing the exact same thing. Nobody said shit under Obama. This is not an excuse for the policy. This is calling out the partisan outrage. The two party system and their homers is outrageous. 
@ianbremmer True here is more 
Republicans aim to suppress your vote; how you can stop them 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
France sees rash of anti-Christian acts while anti-Semitism rises, officials say 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #SmartNews 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Sen. Kamala Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected #MidnightMoscowMitch , the #ShamTrial and the #GOPCoverup 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Our country is F@CKED! Man quits job, sells possessions to travel around world with pet ferret 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president 
'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out | 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Earthquake with a 7.7 magnitude strikes between Jamaica and Cuba, also affecting parts of Miami. Buildings in Dadeland and Brickell, Miami were evacuated while a tsunami watch was issued in Jamaica. 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office #SmartNews 
@i_lovecharlie2 @MichaelSkolnik Sanders leads with black voters under 35. Source: Sanders leads with nonwhite voters as a whole. Source: 
Bernie Sanders faces backlash from left for promoting endorsement from Joe Rogan 
"It's not about Donald Trump as a guy. It's about our government. It's about our Constitution," Rep. Lofgren tells @kasie about being an impeachment manager. 
President Trump's Mideast peace plan calls for two-state solution 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 100,000 requests for tickets to Trump rally in N.J.! Love you, N.J.!!!! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
Six Republican Senators hold the key. They will determine whether this farce ends quickly or drags on for months potentially. @GOPChairwoman and @senatemajldr must get them in line. If they betray @POTUS, they should not receive any further GOP backing. 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine @nbcnews 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Remembering Kobe Bryant: Rep. Maxine Waters calls for moment of silence in House 
Biden, Sanders on the rise in new Iowa polling 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate Good news 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested on suspicion of public corruption. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
@Zimvader10 @BernieSanders That’s his car he wants you to think he owns. The other one IS a super car. He’s such a scam artist. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"Nikki and Brie Bella are pregnant and due less than two weeks apart: 'We both are shocked'" FOX NEWS 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"Did you hear THE CONWAY WEST SONG, mom?" Trump female TX-oil dinner guest at 34:00 timestamp. Parnas at 38:30. 46:00 one-on-one. #LevParnas @wsj @buzzfeednews @washingtonpost @nytimes @businessinsider @bloombergpolitics @donlemon @TheDailyShow 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
.@MaddowBlog: Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Pres. Trump. #ENDEGO 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person /very unchristianlike &amp; ur proclaimed catholicism, #ChrisMatthews-Don't even want to watch u w/ @SenSchumer coming up on @hardball but I will: #Respect 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
You put all your trust in Adam schiff and Jerry Nadler to impeach this president how stupid can you be, I guess real stupid 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Trump is spending a striking amount of his campaign resources on Trump corporate products and services. #EmolumentsClause "Trump-owned businesses received millions from Trump's campaign" 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Because China is hiding the real numbers... China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" Laughable! 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
All In with Chris Hayes 5 hrs · Chris Hayes: “Mitch McConnell thinks this trial will look bad for his members. And that's why he wants you to see as little as possible.” 
January is ’ most-watched month since the 2016 election. • It’s averaged 2.9M total viewers every day in prime time. • It has averaged 1.7M viewers in daytime. • It’s the 43rd consecutive month for Fox as the most-watched basic cable network. 
Trump gave massive tax cuts to the rich and now he wants the rest of us to pay by taking away our Social security and Medicare! Get real people and vote him out this November! Vote Blue 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
#Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@seanhannity @RebellionVote Donald Trump "i dont know who Lev Parnas is, ive never met him before. Sounds like he never met Stormy Daniels either.: 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
"Pregnant mom brings Nerf gun to hospital to keep husband awake: 'Mom hack level 10,000'" FOX NEWS 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person Of course he wouldn’t! He wants everyone in gulags and breadlines! 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that If you want more Trump, this is how you get more Trump. These people on the "progressive" side of like Don Lemmon, have no idea how out of touch they r 
WATCH: @RepJerryNadler tells @AriMelber he now backs calling John Kelly as a witness in Trump's impeachment trial 
Dumb plan. How about we destroy the fake country called Palistan. That way peace would be achieved. Mullahs only want death. So give that to them Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Teachers’ pay in Florida 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
And the plot thickens... 
@RepAdamSchiff has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
October 2019 Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' #Phony45 Richard Painter, former chief WH ethics lawyer, believes @POTUS's behavior is ‘unconstitutional,’ and his ‘understanding of the emoluments clause is wrong.’ 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
New links with the full @maddow interview with Lev Parnas: 1. 2. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Ingraham investigation: Inside the 2016 Obama administration meeting with Ukrainian officials 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
Our partner institution, @SyracuseU creates an environment on campus that veterans can thrive in with @SyracuseOVMA and @IVMFSyracuseU. Soon, they will open their National Veterans Resource Center. Thank you, Syracuse, for all you do for vets! 
Listen to recording that appears to show *pres. trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
After new Bolton allegations Trump defense team to continue day two of defense @nbcnews 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
@GOP @GOPChairwoman 2020: Vote Out Trump &amp; Republicans Whose Only Goal is 2Enrich themselves &amp; Wealthy Donors! Now They Want 2Cut Social Security/Medicare/Funding 4State Medicaid! They Already Cut Food Stamps! Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up the city's filthy streets has been arrested for public corruption. Somehow I’m not shocked.🤔 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
SCUM !!! CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
@LindseyGrahamSC If you ignore this you ARE complicit “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
Sen. King: "There are staffers in the basement of the White House who know what John Bolton said. There are publishers in New York, there are editors in New York, but United States Senators trying to decide this historic question don't know." 
Expect Trump to seek revenge for impeachment: fmr. Trump employee Of course he will. TRump is an Arrogant Vengeful Vindictive Asshole! 
💥💥💥San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ...he was arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption #LiberalCorruption ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Trump tweet attacking Adam Schiff analysed by legal experts 
Our liar-in-chief minimizes the number and severity of troop injuries following Iran's reprisal bombing. 
Get 'em &amp; throw the book at them!😰 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Richard Engel explains why it’s misleading for Trump to equate Gen. Qassem Soleimani with Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters | Sorry Don Lemon but after three years of perpetrating lies upon the American people you have zero credibility. Bullshit has become your middle name. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' PROJECTION 
Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump lähteestä 
Mike Bloomberg has jumped into 4th place in the Democratic presidential primary contest, a new Monmouth nationwide poll published Wednesday shows. 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', ... 
@ruthcmay Ruth you are my shero! Who could research Putin-Koch relationship? Here's an attempt to capture the reach of Koch Network influence: animated version of Kochtopus: 
Shocker! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SubpoenaSchiff #SubpoenaHunter 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme @ @maddow Where did they All go? One must be 30-years-old to become a Senator, therefore they are, a MAN or WOMAN. They're not children so, why do they cower before a school-yard Bully? 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | January 24, 2020 #news 
@SenJoniErnst You're taking a page from the Kevin McCarthy playbook, huh? 
@MittRomney Yeah, well, the DOJ is already out saying Bolton lied: DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Schumer: Hunter Biden can tell us 'nothing' about Trump's conduct 
Live Audio 
@JoshuaPotash GOP belongs to Koch Network: Concise, timely 10 min. interview on AMJoy, with Nancy MacLean: 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@Bossmustangfan @CNN CNN and are better at factual information, but they are still biased just toward the left instead of the right. They cover climate all the time, but no, not your specific far right narrative very often. That's why they lean left in terms of bias. 
The president's "Pikes" already have the heads of men who the president sacrificed over the last 3 years to save his own skin. All the president's (convicted) men 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
This is the evil Dumbo @realDonaldTrump fault. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' 
No poll anywhere shows Pete Buttigieg as the best candidate to take on Donald Trump. Did say anything to correct his blatantly false claim? Absolutely the fuck not 
UNBELIEVABLE! 😡🤬 Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Let’s do what Spiro did! 
#WINNING San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Remember how conservatives lectured us for years on "character" and "values"? They didn't mean a word of it. Never did. It is all hypocrisy in the service of their true ideology: plutocracy and bigotry. All the way down. 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@realDonaldTrump British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Let's flip this!!! Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas - - 
I hate Pence but this ad is worth posting Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
@RepKenBuck Buck disappointed in @POTUS 4 praising @SecPompeo 4 bullying female @NPR reporter &amp; removing another NPR reporter from taxpayers plane 4 revenge? Pompeo gets standing ovation incl @AlanDersh!! #Huckabee @SenateGOP @joanwalsh @CNN 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
CrazyChris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Here is some actual news that people should care about rather than this BS impeachment circus 🎪 @realDonaldTrump 
@realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr @SenTedCruz Maybe he needs a diaper to keep his legs dry? Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
@MarshaBlackburn Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
.@realDonaldTrump: "We love the military!" Also Trump: Soldiers who suffer traumatic brain injuries in combat are simply experiencing "headaches" that "aren't very serious". 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Puerto Rico shocked by magnitude 5.9 earthquake causing further damage to island 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@realDonaldTrump Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Crazy Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #SmartNews 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
@SpeakerPelosi "As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks." The House Managers are doing an awesome job. 
Yep. The same Don Lemon who is so morally superior and so much better than the rest of us LOL 
Doug Collins made his mark as an impeachment opposition leader, and rightly so. Now the questions are: 1. Should he be promoted to the Senate by Georgians? 2. What does his voting record tell us about him? Take a peek: 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #SmartNews 
trump’s team had it rough, since the facts of the case clearly show trump is guilty. The best the lawyers could do was lie, divert, and obfuscate, while exonerating trump and making him a victim. During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Jimmy Carter: 'The White House is trying to stonewall' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Makes sense why it's the way it is. 
What an independent senator thinks. #ImpeachmentTrials #TrumpsRemovalTrial #ImpeachedForLife 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Don lemon show Barely has 1 million viewers sure is an expensive LGBTQ token 
@jlhatty @NormOrnstein Trump has lied over 16,000 lies. His lawyers are lying. This prices try@o lies again 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Worst president ever and I think the worst person ever. Remove this monster cancer from our democracy 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@SelfieJustme @Deplorable_TR @PoliticalKathy Bernie is a DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST not a socialist nor a communist. There is a big difference. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 😱Rashida all you did was show your real colors,and now your trying to backtrack,doesn’t work that way sorry🤮 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' Shaw you a good man I hear you but you are only human sorry for your loss 
Old Article That Shows #DeepState Hostility For President @realDonaldTrump @JaySekulow @cecki @tbrown83096079 @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @BlueBonnet_TR @pegalomania #KAG #KAG2020 #ImpeachmentHoax 
What a self righteous asshole. Lol. Ok, boomer. 
All Newsome appointee’s San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Several news outlets are currently reporting that Mitch McConnell said he doesn't yet have votes he would need. 
"The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption." 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing | 
Where are the congressional hearings on Puerto Rico? 
@maxedge051 Republicans (real Conservatives), Democrats &amp; Independents, it is time to call our Senators &amp; demand a fair trial with witnesses &amp; documents. Over 70% of Americans are asking for further information &amp; over 50% believe that Trump committed a crime. 
Just re-upping a story I produced a few years back on the incredible @Courtartist . @PeteWilliamsNBC sums it up best - "he never misses a critical moment." 
#Update - GOP Plan "B" On any votes to call witnesses: Republicans hold a 53-47 majority, and in the event of a 50-50 tie, Chief Justice Roberts is highly likely to abstain. 
Chris Matthews on message to GOP senators: 'Not only did [Trump] do this... he will keep doing it' #TrumpIsGuilty #CORRUPTION "He will keep doing it" 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
@BernieSanders @LTBcoalition You have 3 homes because you steal from us... 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation | 
@thehill Interesting 4th of July, 2018 GOP Russia trip marked weak by Moscow John N Kennedy-La Richard C. Shelby-Ala Steve Daines-Mont John Hoeven-N.D Jerry Moran-Kan John Thune-S.D Ron Johnson-R-Wis Kay Granger-Tex GOP treasonous trip to Russia 
@pm_mcdaniel @RepAdamSchiff Sen. Murphy: Trump's legal team was 'engaging in a Trump 2020 commercial' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Mark my words.. @realDonaldTrump will get DOUBLE DIGIT PERCENTAGE VOTES from Black Americans in the #2020Elections And it will DESTROY the Democrat Party FOREVER! #BLEXIT ✊ 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument Texas Senator Ted Cruz weighs in on impeachment trial arguments on 'Hannity.' 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
As a Christian I rejoice that #Israel gets all of their land, but this is definitely bittersweet. Pay attention to these events. When there is peace between Israel and #Palestine and the Middle East, the anti-christ is the one who will be responsible. 🙏🙄 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump THIS IS CALLED PREMEDITATION. Everything coming out supports the House's case against the "president". 
Only would characterize a guilty plea deal as a capitulation by #Democrats. #Foxnees is more satire than #SNL these days 
A group of conservative critics of President Trump has released a new ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial 
'#X-files' of #UFO sightings over #UnitedKingdom to be released for the first time 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ #BoltonMustTestify #ImpeachAndRemove #ImpeachAndRemoveTrump #ImpartialJustice #WitnessesAndDocuments @SenatorRomney @senmikelee 
#CNNisTrash #CNNisTrash #CNNisGarbage they #preachlovebutspreadhate #DonLemon #DemocratsAreCorrupt #DrainTheSwamp #FakeNewsMedia #CorruptMedia 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
'Obese' bear removed from Pennsylvania club after living in poor conditions for 'possibly decades': report #SmartNews This club &amp; its members should be ashamed of their cruelty! I know these people know no shame with their gun-love. Let them rot in hell! 
THIS is our President, calling another American a sleazebag. I cant believe that other ameicans support this disgusting human being. 
Former Florida AG Pam Bondi is part of Trump’s impeachment legal team ... after she deregistered as a foreign agent for Qatar. Trump bribed Bondi &amp; now Trump hires Bondi to defend him on another Trump bribe Bizzare &amp; corrupt 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Some of SFO’s finest corrupt gov officials. No wonder it’s in the crapper and homeless runs amuck. Elected mob with zero accountability. 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Great news for Jon Kotler, the First Amendment and Fulham fans! The DMV backed off it's ridiculous decision to reject Kotler's COYW license plate. Excellent work @wenfa1 and @PacificLegal. 
No, the law is not what you say it is. Dershowitz slams Maxine Waters: Founding Fathers 'expressly rejected' her 'lawless view' on impeaching Trump 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyers have already said several things that are "flat lies" or "just ignorant" 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
@DonaldJTrumpJr is like the toilet paper you can’t get off your shoe. If there’s something gross and smelly, you know he’ll be there. 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit I think that I am going to throw up over this. 
Lara Trump blames impeachment push on president's economic success Points out that the most economically successful Presidents always get impeached. 
Pam Bondi: Hunter Biden's decision to join Burisma raised red flags almost immediately 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
2020 match up: Trumps getting pounded vs. Democrats 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump | January 23, 2020 #news 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews Well anyone who votes for Trump and depends on SS will be in for a big surprise his plan is to cut your benefits. 
#flip_NJ_red Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Graham stuck out his hand and shook his hand and said, 'You did a good job, you're well spoken.'" @GeoffRBennett describes a moment between Sen. Graham and Rep. Schiff after Schiff's closing speech on the first day of arguments in the impeachment trial. 
Bernie &amp; Elizabeth will take your IRA and 401K funds for pay off student loans which will further enrich the commie pseudo-intellectual elitists Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you | 
@donlemon addresses @CNNPolitics panel mocking #Trump voters. #DonLemon is also a liar, though I seem to be the last one to know. 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. #MAGA #MAGA2020 #foxandfriends #foxnews #tcot #tlot #GOP 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' they want to laugh to your bullshit 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it: WaPo 
Trump's deteriorating relationship with John Bolton 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan. 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Sick ! 
Irony, “Ken Starr - yes, that Ken Starr - believes it's a shame that we're in an "age of impeachment," in which trials occur "all too frequently." The hypocrisy is staggering, but that's only part of the larger problem with his lament.” 
Trump's self-image takes precedence in White House business: book 
@SpeakerPelosi, another fine example of public corruption in your district. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that . @donlemon one of the HOAT! Hypocrites of all time! 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Dumbshit Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
@BrandonStraka @donlemon Trash talk by #DonLemon at its worst....👇 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Fuck you, CCP. #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanOutbreak #winnietheflu 
Angus%20King%20on%20Trump%20impeachment%3A%20This%20is%20more%20serious%20than%20I%20thought 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims How can Republican Senators continue to ignore truth. 
WaPo: Trump lawyers, GOP allies work to ensure Bolton from testifying 
@SenatorRounds we care. Everyone cares but this jerk 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
@PhlyEaglezPhly @THABLACKPEARL @ I don't know for sure but looking the time on the video and comparing it with @ schedule, it should be Alex Witt. 
@senatemajldr, you should have listened to us and voted for dismissal on day one... 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
49ers' Kyle Shanahan reveals Bill Belichick reached out to him after Super Bowl LI loss 
Here's the challenge for Republicans. This is Bolton's part in the game and they've fallen for it. They call him as a witness &amp; get Hunter &amp; Schiff. If they let this go with just Bolton, every single one of them should be voted out. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@KevinMKruse @SenatorBraun American Public will know the FACTS.@indystar .@JGfortwayne .@heraldbulletin .@KokomoTribune .@nwi .@theheraldtimes .@SBTribune .@courierpress .@tribstar .@jconline 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Ari Melber explains... 'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown 
How thoughtless of Kobe to ruin her "celebratory" day. Ellen DeGeneres: 'Everything changed in a second' 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@BernieSanders HOW DID BS REALLY MAKE HIS MILLIONS? Bring this! BERNIE $ANDER$ is a TOTAL CROOK &amp; TOTAL FAKE 
After years of corruption in SF by the progressive establishment mafia, Trump's FBI strps in and arrests one of their Capos. The guy responsible for street shlt. Only a few weeks after Tucker Carlson's episode on #SanFrancisco 🤔. @Cernovich 
He owns this it belongs to him in this election, he said what he meant and meant what he said. Trump is going to kill Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid in a second term 
Trump's Smocking Gun? "'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
@LindseyGrahamSC @cspan New polls show that the majority of Americans want Trump removed from office! We are angry and sick and tired of the #GOPCorruption! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily 
"GET RID OF HER, DO IT!" Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Brain dead bastard 
What a surprise (sic). Trump gaslights the nation with his Putinesque, provably false narrative.. : "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much 
ALL. US. WHITE. BERNIE. BROS. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Grand Slam! @chrislhayes should be an advisor to Adam Schiff &amp; the House Team. #impeachment #SaveAmerica #TheResistance “We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens” 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base. 
@realDonaldTrump Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Trump has no legal defense. "The independent watchdog said in an opinion issued Thursday that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) withheld the appropriated... 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Chris Matthews: If I were a Republican, I’d ask, ‘What happened to my god damn party?’ 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Azar said the Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with outbreak responses 
#GOP This is all on YOU. 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript | 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Why is it that everyone is lying but TRUMPY BEAR.. #NOONEISABOVETHELAW 😡 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Schumer: Hunter Biden can tell us 'nothing' about Trump's conduct Trump Don't need anymore witnesses. He can use all 15 of yours that cleared him. Why would he bring in witnesses for the prosecution? They had as much time needed to get them b4 
New species of meat-eating dinosaur discovered in Utah 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Peter Schweizer on how Biden family got rich: Hunter 'just the tip of the iceberg' | 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out | 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | 💥 Any one of us would be fired for such horrific behavior... why does ⁦⁦@donlemon⁩ still have a job? 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Barbara Boxer: Trump’s legal team seems unprepared 
@SenSchumer @freddyatton @RepAdamSchiff LISTEN to the Audio recording it appears to show that President Trump is ordering the firing and or KILLING of the US ambassador to Ukraine. 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
Your boy is home sick from Infowars so please ingest instead also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #Eris #AmWriting #Jobs @GamingRTweeters @BlazedRTs #GiletsJaunes @ShoutGamers #Hockey #DigitalHealth #Catgirl #DesignThinking @MightyRTs 
This is the best they’ve got? \\ Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense | 
John Kelly told an audience: "John's an honest guy. He's a man of integrity and great character... If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton." 
Okay ⁦@tribelaw⁩, we all know ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ cannot read! He has know idea what he’s doing... which makes it really funny to us all! #ImpeachedTrumpForever Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
John Bolton's book says Trump tied Ukraine aid to investigations 
Melber: 'Constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' @nbcnews 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight WOOHOO! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
.@JoyceWhiteVance calls Rep. Adam Schiff's first day of arguments "absolutely brilliant" in the Senate's Trump impeachment trial. Learn more: #11thHour 
#BlameTRUMPVoters #Killers "Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Russia quick to cover tracks after 2016 election 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
Again in #Davos trump repeats the same lies #Trump 
☟ Meghan Markle ?really regrets? giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, #BreakingNews #foxnews ➽➽➽ 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Wretched hate filled Democrat 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth ...out of touch with reality 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Badass... While getting impeached..... Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
More than likely this happened b/c he really has no credible evidence exonerating the village idiot. He's guilty, plain and simple. "During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
END THIS NIGHTMARE - GET RID OF THIS SCOURGE ONCE AND FOREVER #ImpeachAndRemoveTrumpNow 
I'm taking a break from Infowars please enjoy instead also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots @BlazedRTs #GoGoCosplay #AmWriting @ShoutGamers #Jobs @DNRRTs #Eris #GreenNewDeal @SSS_Retweets #Javascript @DripRT #GiletsJaunes #ServiceDesign 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga 
home sick from Infowars please watch today also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #GiletsJaunes #HillaryEmail #Jobs #DesignThinking #HillaryEmail #Anonymous #FreeCalifornia #Hockey #AmReading #HillaryEmail #FreeCalifornia #BigData 
The Fake Russian lying traitor POTUS! 
"MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment" #tcot #KAG 
GOP senator says his colleagues haven't read up on the Trump case 
@BRecruiter101 @SenSchumer The House didn't allow Republican witnesses nor call the people they're asking for now. What court would allow that to happen? If this was serious (let's face it it's not; Impeachment has been called for since 11/9/16) the House would've done it correctly. 
Well you're going to need about 4 trillion in cash to get off this shoal. Song of the Day: Rachette Raccoon. Don't get happy about the "coon" reference, Pepe l'Blofrog. Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
@SenSanders Like you care. Great article. 
Regarding new developments that Sen. Mitch McConnell may not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial, Chuck Schumer says "I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play." 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Cruise lines cancel departures from China amid coronavirus outbreak 
Just five countries — including the United States — create more than 50% of the global CO2 emissions. We're heading towards disaster.🌪️ 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump All Republicans should hear this! “Full audio: #LevParnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation” 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Behind the fight: most wanted female terrorist lives freely in Jordan despite U.S. extradition request 
But @realdonaldtrump doesn't know him, right? NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump You invited it. ☭ #RussiaIfYoureListening #DoUsAFavorThough "For the third time this year, GOP rejects election-security bill" 
@BernieSanders You put wifey on the payroll over objections of the city council for a job that was never advertised so others could apply. "Perhaps no one has benefited more from Sanders’s career in politics than his wife Jane. 
@Sen_JoeManchin⁩ desires “compelling”, how more compelling could the defense evidence be? If he’s confused, then resign and let someone intelligent take his place. GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' 
"Moderate Democratic Sens. Joe Manchin, Doug Jones, and Kyrsten Sinema were all weighing votes to acquit Trump on at least one of the two articles of impeachment, the outlet reported." 
Ari Melber: The White House defense is in 'Dersh-land' 
@realDonaldTrump @SteveScalise @FoxNews "GOP Senators may vote to acquit, but there is something truly cleansing to the national conscience to see Adam Schiff walk into their chamber and shove a full dose of truth down their throats before they do," fmr. Rep. David Jolly wrote on Twitter. 
It's so comforting to know that the overgrown, orange, ego manic learned everything he needs to know about being a soldier in prep school. #SupportOurTroops #headaches #votebluenomatterwho #trumpIsACorruptLiar #Trumpisguilty 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Conservatives target cowardly Sen. Collins in new ad 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
Former White House Chief of Staff John Kelly defends John Bolton’s description of the Ukraine scandal, saying, “If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton.” #WednesdayThoughts 
“So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is about what it takes to win the nomination. First 2 episodes out Monday. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
#ICYMI-What does ‘#Megxit’ hold for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex? @amjoyshow 
The Bolton BS @JudiciaryGOP @GOP you cannot be real to buy this well time bullshit??? @RandPaul @MarshaBlackburn @SenatorCollins @SenateGOP @SenTedCruz @SenJohnKennedy 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👊🏾 
#Virus #Update why would a #Harvard #Professor cover up his relationship with China? Hmmm. 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Our economy is so strong that we only have a budget deficit of 1 trillion. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan The “ MSM “ has imploded in an attempt to secure ratings. They care only for shock and awe ,and will fabricate anything they can , The media sucks 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
LOL, yep. How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
@NikkiHaley If you ignore this you ARE complicit “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
From Discover on Google 
@MarshaBlackburn #MarshaBlackburnIsTrash Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton'...not jk🤷🏾‍♀️...i’m non partial...call me 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Could there be peace in the Middle East. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Democrats equals criminals 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call | 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Democracy 2020 Digest: Tulsi shreds on New Hampshire slopes -- WATCH 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
One of the big takeaways from the excerpts is that Parnas is in the same meeting conversing with Trump, and of coarse now he says he doesn't know the guy! Trump Must Go! 
MSM has less credibility than Joe's Used Cars at his house by the chop shop in the worst part of town in his front yard... 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll 
@JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs My God! Lying and corruption is your way of life. 
@1776AmericaUSA @Sundncefn ICYMI Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. YIKES!!! @IlhanMN 🤮 
"US airlines extending travel waivers for passengers scheduled to fly to China amid coronavirus outbreak": On Monday, both American Airlines and Delta extended their change-fee waivers through the end of February., 
@CNBC This proves DJT is dumber than previously thought. He thought he could design his crappy wealthy Tax Cuts to harm Democratic leaning states. Those votes just moved to new electorates. 🙄 "GOP's SALT cap caused exodus from high-tax Blue states, report says 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
That's alright, so do the rest of us! Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight So proud of our President! 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
"British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears" FOX NEWS 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
CNN panel under fire for trashing Trump supporters. @JoeConchaTV reacts to CNN trashing Trump supporters as ‘illiterate and uneducated.’ He’s not buying @donlemon's I couldn’t hear what they were saying excuse. With @SteveDoocy @ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade 
Politics Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' YEA SO WEAK AND GETTING WEAKER YET! 
Corrupt Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Palestinians' red lines are met..a Palestinian state and a capital in parts of East Jerusalem. The vision calls for more than doubling the amount of territory the Palestinians control. This is the first time Israel has agreed to a Palestinian state 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich A real man of the people.... 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Pay attention!!! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
If I have any Republican friends reading my tweets let me say this to you directly, "I am ashamed of you and your party. Please come to me to discuss this if and when you decide to become a responsible adult and a member of this society." 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" - 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Lindsey Graham as well as Mitch McConnell have already made it clear that a fair trial isn't in their best interests. 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica | 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
@jenjavajunky @gayleasher1 @SenCoryGardner @SenAlexander @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @joniernst @ThomTillis and 1 week ago on FauxNews 80 percent support idea of impeachment trial witnesses in new poll 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch I believe that this was not just her "removal" by recalling her; but removal by Assassination! 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Just another lesson in the doctrine of #ETTD. #ResignPompeo 
SICK......Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
The picture is getting worse for the president, not better: CNN polls have been asking respondents since June 2018 whether Trump should be impeached and removed from office, and the latest 51% finding is the highest to date. 
John Kelly lied about and attacked a sitting US congresswoman on behalf of Trump, don't really care what he thinks about anything @clairecmc John Kelly's lies about Dem. Rep. Frederica Wilson @nbcnews @ 
"I think that the truth helps the client... Our endeavor is to attempt to have Lev tell the truth in the most meaningful way for all of us." - Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, on why his client is speaking out at this stage in the impeachment process 
Not exactly carving it up but I'll take it. Tulsi Gabbard takes to the slopes in NH #sking #snowboarding 
He's admitting a cover up that's Donald J(enius) Trump 
‘Extortion’: Bush White House lawyer wants to ‘haul in’ Ivanka, Jared, Don Jr. 
Resharing. 
Ken Starr provides contradictory arguments for the impeachment of President Clinton in 1998 and against the impeachment of President Trump in 2020. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Bar cards at risk. 
Joe Biden is senile angry old man!! Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Did someone show symptoms during the flight? Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Pam Bondi, the Florida AG who Trump's now defunct charitable trust made a highly questionable political donation to, will play a lead role in his impeachment defense. She's also a registered agent for Qatar. JoyceWhiteVance 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
AND SHE is CORRECT 👇🏻 @SenateGOP Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman ⁦@GerriWillisFBN⁩ Coming up on 20 yr anniversary for me. I felt the stigma, but in reality I learned of more survivors who opened up to me. I hope all you need is the surgery. 💕 
'He got caught': Pelosi played McConnell on Trump impeachment 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme 
D.C. attorney general charges Trump inaugural committee enriched the family business 
IT’S THAT CLINTON WOMAN AGAIN! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees! 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
As it should be. 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Why Trump might not fight on executive privilege 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense - 
#GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying #guns 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
From Discover on Google 
We replay every incriminating clip over &amp; over. A majority think Trump should be removed. The needle IS moving. When they don't remove, we never shut up about it, right up until elections. We remove him election in November. 4/4 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
I'm 80% sure this is satire thoughts? #fox #okboomer 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Trump team has only a liars version. They're going to do Nothing but deny, deny, deny. And then they'll deny some more. Trump is a habitual liar and Repubs just ignore it &amp; enable him. What are they going to do when all this worsens? 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
After years in which Donald Trump assured the public that he'd never cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid, the president adopted a different posture this week. “At some point they will be.... And at the right time, we will take a look at that." 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation @nbcnews TRUMP CAN HIRE AND FIRE WHO HE WANTS. A LOT OF NOISE ABOUT NOTHING. THIS CONVERSATION WAS BEFORE THE IMPEACHMENT FARCE!!! 
Tucker: socialist Bernie Sanders intends to upend America's economic order. Millions of Americans will lose their jobs, healthcare insurance, guns, liberty, freedom and homes, while paying Billions$ in taxes for illegals! #StopSocialismInAmericaForever. 
@GOP @SteveScalise give it a shake stevie...take a minute and listen closely to this former senator and this defence lawyer: #FoxNews 
It is not homophobic to believe that marriage is between a man and a woman. I’m not afraid of gay people and they should not be discriminated against. Civil partnerships were fine and gave everybody equal rights 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Tennessee passes law allowing agencies to deny LGBTQ adoption applications because of religious objections 
People don’t want socialism and the Clinton’s are in charge anyway. Bernie never stood a chance. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Just ahead of today’s second day of the impeachment trial as Democratic prosecutors begin opening arguments, Schumer criticizes Republicans for their handling of the impeachment trial. He says Trump’s lawyers are like he is, “loose with the truth.” 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Has any other anchor on TV said this yet? Mathews is on to it.. 
In the #ParnasTape Trump says "the European Union is a group of countries that got together to screw the United States", at once showing his abject stupidity, ignorance, crass egoism, insensitivity, and paranoia. (about 16 mins in) 
Voting matters! 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Parnas’ links to Florida politicians questioned by Tampa reporter 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
GOP Senators paying extra special attention to the WH lawyers is a strong indication of motivated reasoning and confirmation bias among them. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
MADDOW:  Are you saying that the president was aware you and Giuliani were working on this effort ***to hurt Joe Biden's political career***? He knew about that? PARNAS: Yes, it was all about Joe Biden, Hunter Biden... It was never about corruption. 
👍 Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Nice. 
Day 1102: Polls show a growing majority of Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. #WitnessesAndDocuments #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachedForever 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Parnas describes how Trump struggled to fire Amb. Yovanovitch 
White House counsel Pat Cipollone asks senators to defend the Constitution, due process and the right to vote 
Queen Elizabeth's first public engagements announced amid royal family drama 
As Donald Trump's Senate impeachment trial gets underway, he'd love to have the American public behind him. But that's clearly not the case. 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Italian driver evades flaming cars in botched highway robbery attempt 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" idea that Democrats – who created Social Security and have spent the better part of a century championing it – are “going to destroy” the social-insurance program is plainly ridiculous 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table Just another lie &amp; fake promise broken 
Analysis: What Iowa caucus voters reveal about the Democratic Party. - @MeetThePress 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@realDonaldTrump Still lying. 
Former FBI Assistant Director Frank Figliuzzi says Parnas is unlikely to be a witness in Senate impeachment trial 
.@FrankFigliuzzi1 breaks down why having John Bolton testify is "scaring" Republicans: "The only way you can refute Bolton is putting Trump on the stand. Let him explain what was going on." 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@Eagle_Woman_ @RepAdamSchiff Even Dershowitz admits his opinion has changed. You aren't very good at this. 
@LindseyGrahamSC If you still had me we would call more witnesses. Especially this one. 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
"In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily" 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics: Nothing in our history compares to what has occurred in response to the rise of Donald Trump. The resistance to Trump is the greatest resistance to a president… 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary **Of course they have refused because they are lying and this is a biochemical warfare leak from their center in Wuhan!! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
#TrumpTapes NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
OH NO!!!😲😲😲😲😲 : Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
Mr. President - millions of Americans depend on Social Security, Medicaid, &amp; Medicare. Flip flopping on whether you’re going to take this support away depending on who you’re talking to is not only dishonest, it’s dangerous. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
#AdamSchiff is praised for his presentation of evidence at #Trump’s #SenateImpeachmentTrial. What will be the aftermath for Republicans after the vote? @amjoyshow 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Do surgical masks protect against coronavirus? 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews You got caught in another lie! Only this one is going to get you impeached and removed from office !!!! 
Hey #ImpeachedForever dotard... ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ... “I don’t know the guy”... Your brain is fuvked... stop with the Adderall... #TrumpIsCorrupt #TrumpIsGuilty 
Sen. Stabenow: Not the Senate's job 'to further [Trump]'s politics' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' What’s John got to hide? ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ 
@LivePDDave1 @GrandmaK503 Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Part of Crimes Now we find that Many @joeBiden Crime Family Cabal (his kids, siblings, friends) making $Milliions off Taxpayers @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP #FoxNew 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
@SenatorBraun @SenToddYoung America is watching. You work for us not @realDonaldTrump. You should be afraid of us. Look at the polls. We implore you to have relevant witnesses on The President actions but actually we already feel he abused his office. 
Like a dumb dog chasing its own tail. Round and round it goes. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
#Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South #Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
GOP Senate leaders pressured senators to not call for witnesses in Trump trial 
The DNC and Media (BIRM) long knives are out for Sanders: MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
@Jackiebel12 @ACK2069 @robreiner There are plenty of active court cases and many more to come. Meanwhile, evidence just keeps on dropping. 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Fmr. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly defends John Bolton's description of the Ukraine scandal, saying, "If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton." 
Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman on America: 'This is America... here, right matters'. #RightMatters #8645ASAP2SAVEUSA 
“We should all want to know the truth.” Tennessee voters speak to @CalNBC as the state's two senators strike different tones on impeachment. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' A bunch of liberal morons laughing at trump supporters. When he wins again they’ll be the fools! 
Paul Batura: Trump revives Mount Rushmore's July 4 celebration — and the use of common sense 
Trump impeachment trial watchers call for witnesses in Senate 
Michael Levin: 'OK, Boomer.' Really?! -- Here's what needs to be said to the younger generations 
It cured 9/11 survivor's fear of flying and it will cure yours 
Spain's Catalan separatists appear in regional parliament for first time since 2017 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Gov. Jim Justice to Virginians upset over left-wing policies: Move to West Virginia 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK : 👍 
The mob. 
Why Trump’s $50 million penthouse for Putin Could be illegal 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
He said in one of his dumb ass books, "I want to raise the age to 70, to collect social security. Not my president, Only vote for him if you really hate yourself 
From Discover on Google 
I think you mean “really, really easy” to LAUGH OFF full-on as lying trash accumulated over three friggin’ YEARS of this God-forsaken crap from this lunatic, Schiff. You at NBC are SOOOO lost in your own upchuck! 
Not surprising 
Until THIS WEEK firing on Fort Sumter was the biggest blunder the Democrats had made. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@JohnRodrigue @RepAdamSchiff @SpeakerPelosi Nope, too late for that lie. And parroting de-bunked GRU/IRA/Putin lie further proves Trump's guilt of bribery &amp; extortion racket. Lies exposed also Trump (on tape May 2018): "how long would Ukraine last without our help?" A: "about 30 seconds.." 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wife's defense over 'hostile working environment' claims at palace 
T.I. apologizes to daughters following Kobe Bryant's death 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' @realDonaldTrump will certainly never measure up to @BarackObama ...ever 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
You all know what to do! #2AShallNotBeInfringed 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
It's not just the Affordable Care Act... Trump also wants to put Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid on the chopping block. #ProtectOurCare 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
Trump rally at the Jersey Shore. The excitement is building as they anticipate President Trump’s arrival!! 
"Great Britain to use Chinese telecom giant Huawei despite US concerns" FOX NEWS #trends #Technology #foxnews #followme #Developer 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' This is so disgusting.CNN should fire all 3 of them. Calling more than 60million Americans stupid will help ratings.Lemon is the most disgusting of all 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Sen. Jon Tester: Hunter Biden doesn’t have first hand info on what Trump’s done 
👍 Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Rep. Schiff on President Trump’s impeachment trial: “The president’s team would like nothing more than to provoke a bitter conflict. We’re not going to let them.” 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Go Who get polled! 
@Mishaal75Azzam وهذا توضيح آخر وأهم. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Jimmy Fallon, John Cena and other stars workout in hilarious beer commercial for Sunday’s game" FOX NEWS 
Audio appears to show Drumpf ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Supreme Court not going to fast-track Obamacare 
Sen. Jon Tester: Hunter Biden doesn’t have first hand info on what Trump’s done 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
McConnell eyes cuts to Medicare, Social Security to address deficit | Please share with any magas you know who are so pathetically uninformed 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
"New details emerge in Trump's Florida AG controversy" 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG2020LandslideVictory America Stands With You President Trump 100% May God Bless You 🇺🇸☦️🙏🏻☦️🙏🏻☦️🇺🇸 
And, of course, senior MAGAs are all willing and financially well-positioned to give up their Social Security and Medicare— 
He once suggested that MH370 got sucked in by a black hole. 
Day 3 of opening arguments: House managers paint picture of cover-up 
I was brought up to never talk ill of the dead. KOBE may you rest in peace!!! Washington Post political reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets 
@realDonaldTrump Really? 
Trump's legal team to argue he 'did nothing wrong' on Ukraine 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | Video 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate | 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' #AAG #AAG2020 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
@OnlyTrueThings Obozo lovers overlooked the corruption in his administration. Books are being written daily😂😂 ...settlements and an apology are now all the Tea Party Ppl get because of Obama’s corrupt administration. 
If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound? 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Chris Matthews: It's a 'LOL' that Trump didn't abuse power 
Sen. Warner: GOP hasn't proven why Hunter Biden would be as relevant a witness as Amb. John Bolton 
Tennessee voters weigh in on Trump impeachment 
This is a flat out lie that could have been validated as a lie with a simple Google search taking .5 secs. 
On the latest #ArticleIIPodcast, @frankthorp discusses which Senators, if any, could possibly vote with Democrats on the questions of witnesses and evidence. Listen: Apple Podcasts: Spotify: Google Podcasts: 
.@CBPAMO agents are securing #SBLIV in the air and on the water, keeping fans safe. Get an inside look at AMO's security efforts, @foxandfriends: 
Well thought 
Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron | 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering... 
It is a a failure in the USA that the GOP is permitted to allow Trump to destroy the credibility of the USA. Everyone is laughing at the GOP and the liar Cult leader!!!With White House defense going last, House managers prepare for pre-buttal 
@BernieSanders Sounds like it is about making your family rich!! 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
Democrat Supremacy is the the BIGGEST danger to US Citizens...ESPECIALLY minorities! Where it exists = the HIGHEST rates of... - murder &amp; crime - drop outs - joblessness - homelessness - abortions Dems run our DEADLIEST cities! @RealWayneRoot 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Why are Trump allies talking up Bernie Sanders ahead of the Iowa caucuses? #11thHour 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support - 
"Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims" 
You just can't make this shit up !!! The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption 
@Lawrence @realDonaldTrump @RepAdamSchiff trumps did break the laws outlined, whether he comprehended them or not he still broke the laws. The defense is a reiteration of his tweets, 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC 
.@NicolleDWallace: "Mitch McConnell is playing with lit matches when he plays these process games today." 
American Dystopia, Part 5: 'Tucker Carlson Tonight' examines San Francisco's radical new district attorney | Video 
@dapstats @CordovaTrades @Hipster_Trader Not for long if the betters have thier way 
Take their stupid POLL... please. It is already legal to open carry... Apparently, does not know this little... 
@fitdeplorable @DonaldJTrumpJr Deny them all? Please educate yourself 🙄 
Fmr. GOP strategist: Trump's letter is 'six pages of pure crazy, weapons grade nuts' 
It's more than embarrased. For most of them it's their character and manhood going down the drain. We can only pray that they find their courage and defend the constitution. 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates DemsR In,Trouble TheyCannotBeat ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ And ⁦@HillaryClinton⁩ Is Not TheAnswerAmerica DoesNot NeedANOTHER DemocratCriminal Running4POTUS ☝️⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@GOPLeader This is so messy! Bolton testimony would be good. And this 
On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus' 
@SteveKrak @LangDixon1991 IF? You mean when! There’s no doubt today! 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize This is what Antisemites do: ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ falsely accused ISRAEL community of killing an Arab child, and she did not apologize. #Antisemitism 
"...Bolton wrote that the president told him...he wanted to continue to freeze almost $400 million in security assistance to Ukraine until officials there helped with investigations into Democrats, including the Biden family." #QuidProQuo #ConvictAndRemove 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees #CORRUPTION to their core ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ ⁦@LibDems⁩ ⁦@HillaryClinton⁩ #LiberalHypocrisy 👎 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person . Most Liberals would not,Conservatives will. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@seanhannity @Jim_Jordan Classic. tRump says he doesn’t know him. 😂🤣😂 #GOPLies #AmericansWantWitnesses #TrumpTapes #TrumpIsCorrupt #TrumpIsGuilty 
The IMPOTUS 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
DUMBER THAN A ROCK ! @JoyVBehar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill says GOP senators don't want impeachment witnesses such as John Bolton "because the witnesses are going to swear under oath, in the US Senate, in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, that what happened really happened." 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Are we going to have a fair impeachment trial — or are we going to have a cover-up? 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
Royals star catcher Salvador Perez to become US citizen 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Lara Trump says poll with high ratings for economy will be hard for Dems to run against 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion Dumb @DNC ⁦@SenSchumer⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ didn’t learn anything from Cohen debacle. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
OK GOP is lying about injury to our troops FINE WITH YOU?!"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
As usual, Romney tries to have it both ways. Get off the fence, Willard. 
This is why his attorneys don't want him to testify. His mouth and ego are impeachable 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Rockwell - Obscene Phone Caller🎶🎶🎵🎵🎼🎼🎤🎤🔉🎶🔊📯🎹🎹🎙️🎙️🎷🎸🎧🎧🔊🔊🔊🎼🎵🎧🎧 Did ANYONE hear this artist messages long time ago? FTC 98 BLT-739 CALLER ID SCREENER GAME CHANGER INNOVATIONS was also overlooked 20 yrs ago by Big Tech corporations©. 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
New ad from conservative group criticizes Sen. McSally 
🌵🇺🇸 🦏🦏🦏🦏's !!!! Might as well wear a cloak of socialism 😡 You owe Democrats NOTHING! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Mike Bloomberg is such an idiot, who grabs a dog's muzzle and shakes it!??🤔 You can even see the dog looks rather uncomfortable. 
@brianstelter @maggieNYT has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize More anti-Semitic comments by Tlaib. Vote her out. 
Kobe Bryant and his daughter attended church before fatal flight, priest says 
Things are really picking up. Now is the time for unity. We need to rally behind the front runner, everyone should drop and endorse Bernie 
Excellent ruling that will hopefully put an end to complete overreach and nonsensical rulings like the “judge” in New York. #SCOTUS #MAGA #tuesdayvibes #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation 
The Democrats are getting nervous. The Progressives are bout to take over the party and bring some hope you can really believe in. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Pompeo is spewing all this bullshit just because a reporter asked him some questions, during an interview, about the Ukraine. Pretty damn stupid and childish. Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT IS NOT A FRIEND BUT AN ENEMY BUT THE CHINESE PEOPLE ARE FRIENDS OF AMERICA 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
#BREAKING: Plane carrying U.S. evacuees from #China amid #Coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air force base 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador TRump was recorded ordering the Assassination of an American Ambassador! Let that sink in! 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg So true. The corruption in the democratic party runs deep all the way back to Obama. The senate only needs 1 witness Adam Schiff to sink your whole party &amp; exonerate TRUMP 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied . ....this woman is clueless!!! 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Who gives a rats ass what Claire has to say?! 
: Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism. @GoogleNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
57% of #Americans agree that #Trump obstructed the House #Impeachment inquiry, while 58% believe he abused the powers of his office and 51% think #Trump should be impeached and removed from offic 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Interesting video clip from The Rachel Maddow Show showing how Trump broke the law by withholding funding from the OMB for the Ukraine Scandal! A definite must-see!😳🤮🤬 
Coming soon to a US city near you. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought. Thank-you Senator for recognizing what a awful president Trump really is. 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
How can Trump create a plan with a Leader who was just indicted by Israel's Attorney General? Another Quid-Pro-Quo? Will Trump offer him sanctuary? Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says . Shutdown ALL travel to and from every country with reported cases. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears UNITED AIR Should Think About IT? Prevention is better than treatment? 
Democrats lay out case for removing President Trump 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
@JoBrown99187824 @lindalousnyder @JoeBiden #QuidProQuoJoe. Did plenty of that in China.. Ask Hunter 
United Airlines is suspending some of its flights to #China as #coronavirus fears have led to a "decline in demand for travel" to the country. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
From Kobe to Bolton, a weekend of major news 
"75% of Americans" Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at Another poll 
Oh Jay, Jay, Jay. Listen more carefully or get a hearing aid. 
@Kloppfollower72 @RSamartano @w_terrence @realDonaldTrump And yet, he has things like THIS going on all over the place! 
Chris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Is anyone surprised? I’m sure they don’t want us to see how bad it really is. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
I say let's call Barack Obama. He was implicated in Joe's bragging video of his demand/qpq so we need to hear from him re corruption. GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@xenochimp42 @senrobportman Here’s the clip... a start? 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Chuck Schumer: Republicans were fixated on Schiff during powerful close 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@realDonaldTrump .@chrislhayes: "Don't you think they would have said something about Hunter Biden and Burisma at the time it was happening? ... They didn't. That's how you know the entire thing has been retroactively reverse-engineered solely for political purposes." 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Birds of a feather. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Hey @ASavageNation isn't it about time?! #news #BayArea #SanFrancisco 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" -... 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 1 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
@GOP are you the new Landgrebe? “Don’t confuse me with facts, I have closed my mind” 45 years later, Republicans borrow a page from Earl Landgrebe | 
Coronavirus outbreak: McDonald's, Starbucks and KFC, among others, temporarily closing in Wuhan area 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Sen. Angus King on the case House Democrats are making against Trump in the Senate impeachment trial: "This is more serious than I thought." #11thHour 
I cannot say this emphatically enough: @cortessteve is everything wrong with the @GOP. This bottom feeding flounder is completely eviscerated here, doesn’t care. Made a fool of? Doesn’t care. Trump owns his dignity and his soul. #weknowwhoyouare 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Chinese city apologizes after 'shaming' residents for wearing pajamas in public They lie for weeks about a killer virus but make fun of their citizens because of pajamas 
THIS 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻 Plus... I remember the audio where you believed Trump and others were paid by Russia 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office #news #politics 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
We must be in Orwellian Mars. 
"Puppy store investigated after 'concerning' video suggests puppies were drugged" FOX NEWS 
@igorbobic Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump taking to Fruman at dinner, blows his denial of knowledge explode. 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell'. ⁦@Judgenap⁩ sounds like those lefties on cnn and msnbc - “bombshell”. It’s no such thing as with every other “bombshell” reported. 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@freeWorld2 @JulianeMeyerK NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials @ 
White House may assert executive privilege to block Bolton testimony, Republicans say 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a 'homework assignment' 
"National forecast for Wednesday, January 29 " FOX NEWS 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" MAN TRIED TO EQUATE WHAT PRESIDENT. OBAMA DID IN HOLING UP FUNDS AS THE SAME THING TRUMP DID . OBAMA DID NOT DO IT FOR POLITICAL GAIN , TRUMP DID 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@SenFeinstein Do the right thing for us constituents and aquit... ⬇️ Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Will Justin Trudeau condemn this or he is scared to do that ? Where is PM Justin women rights ? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | / IN CA THIS IS THE WAY OF LIFE, 
Kobe%2520Bryant%2527s%252013-year-old%2520daughter%2520Gianna%2520also%2520killed%2520in%2520helicopter%2520crash 
That’s because they are their best customers... 
New Jerseyans on why they support Trump: 'Huge resurgence of patriotism' in our nation 
THIS IS WORTH READING! Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' 
Have that Kavanaugh feeling all over again 
Just another filthy politician 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ as China refused help meaning the situation is much worse than reported we should not allow anyone from China to enter the US until they do 
Poor ❄️ petiepie is to sensitive and part of the radical homos. For a homo he sure gets butt hurt a lot. Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
We have a wobbling domino: Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@Christipaws @marklevinshow They are a WORLDWIDE network 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Sen. Tester on the Senate impeachment trial: "Get the folks with the first-hand knowledge. Hunter Biden does not have first-hand information about what the president's done." 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Get rid of her, Take her out! Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
YET ANOTHER BLATANT REPUBLICAN VIOLATION OF THE LAW: "Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
Besides the threats to Marie Yovanovitch, trump is telling just every day Joe's all about foreign policy and trade negotiations. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse: Dershowitz gave 'embarrassing' defense of Trump in impeachment trial 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says #news #breaking #fox 
This antagonistic reprobate 👉🏻@RashidaTlaib @RepRashida Will NEVER CHANGE and is a detriment to America Not to mention an embarrassment 🐗💩👉🏻Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Sen. Murphy on impeachment trial: "I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden to try to give credence to these debunked conspiracy theories." 
@GOPLeader "As political lies go, this can fairly B described as hopelessly bonkers. McCarthy pointed 2 report from JD's inspector gen that simply does not say what he claims it says. He’s accusing FBI of engaging in misconduct that did plainly not occur in reality." 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
@realDonaldTrump You should just resign. McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan"(to slash it, of course). 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' @NBCNews 
Go House is lazy, liers, and con men ! 
"Trump used military aid as a way to extort a personal benefit from Ukraine. That's the start and the finish of the whole thing." 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
...how long before you develop the hillary hack for pitty? I'll bet morning joe and his hole would lick QuidProJoe if (he) could? One son gets you in, the other gets you out, do the hookey pookey and turn it all about? 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Former Democratic Governor and Republican Senator @LincolnChafee joins the Rundown #podcast to discusses his longshot Libertarian Party bid for the White House. Listen and subscribe: 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Since when can a felon own a bar? (Bovis) San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Team Trump: Presidents can't be impeached for abuses of power 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@ the link you posted is code 404! Here's the right address. 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
USA | IMPEACHING PRESIDENT Some Key numbers: 
Prof .@tribelaw, Tues night Jan. 28, 2020, on @TheLastWord w/ .@Lawrence Tribe: Dershowitz's (abuse of power is not impeachable) defense of Trump is ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’. 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Trump's team is what happens 'when you don't pay your legal bills' #SmartNews 
All with @SpeakerPelosi approval and support. #SF you deserve these idiots. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
This is beyond absurd. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣 
@AhmedBaba_ They are obviously very prepared. The GOP ... not so much. They put their screamers and BS artists on the team. 
@mmpadellan Plus, many of them went on record (including @SenatorRomney) that they did not watch the FACTS WITNESSES at the Congressional hearings (witnesses who came forward even though it endangered their lives). Shame on them for not honoring their oaths! 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
AS IT SHOULD I Know right infront of Supreme Court of the United States justice #JohnRoberts who said "this great deliberating chamber it should be RESPECTED".. allowing BLATANT LIES is NOT RESPECTING it .. CNN 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
#ICYMI-#Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams #LevParnas @amjoyshow 
President Trump is working &amp; Dems, well you know what they're doing! This is the first time Israel has agreed to a Palestinian state with defined borders. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Is Trump mad at GOP for not saying Zelensky call was ‘perfect’? 
Trump impeachment trial opening arguments in two minutes 
It’s either he doesn’t understand or he does &amp; doesn’t care . He is such a pathetic imbecile. So sad / so scary . It’s all about him and his crime syndicate family . 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" - 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
🎼” You don’t have to be a star, baby/ To be in my show.” turns into 🎼”What dope thought to put Ken Starr, baby/ In this phony show?” 
Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the first place 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
As Ken Starr declares the "age of impeachment," the hypocrisy is obviously breathtaking, but I suspect the subtext includes a warning about how his party intends to operate in Trump's wake. 
Illinois trooper fatally shot in cigar bar by woman who scrawled threat on condo wall 
@nuttynetty54 @sherrybb @realDonaldTrump I don’t like any of those people either, do you want me to list predator Republicans? Trump was friends with the Clinton’s, they all flew on Epstein’s jet! Rep &amp; Dem is just a distraction while they rob us &amp; they get richer &amp; we get poorer! 
Oh dear, he just keeps that misogyny flame burning. Oh dear Donald Trump 
.@CalNBC visited us in Murfreesboro yesterday and asked Tennessee voters about impeachment. And I've heard his coat was the talk of the town. You're bringing new style to our community, Cal! 📺 WATCH: 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Nancy, Nancy, Nancy. You may think you are a fancy pants, but remember you are a public servant! Will you puleeeeze do your damn job! Clean up your districts mess and quit spending my money on your BS partisan antics! ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' | 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Here we go! 🏇🏇🏇 
This is just gross to listen to. 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake 
'Bachelor' alum Jade Roper Tolbert loses $1M fantasy football prize: report 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
US military plane crashes in Afghanistan with 5 onboard, official says 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency. Ya think? ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@SenatorTimScott⁩ #SC04 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments Legally it is inadmissible because it falls in the category of hearsay 2nd hand evidence. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede Wow! Not remove this rogue governor, sucede! 
It's kinda scary that we in the Resistance know more than some sitting U.S. Senators. 
San Francisco SMH # 
Ari Melber breaks down the 'underlying stupidity' of requiring a felony in an impeachment trial 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Socialist @BernieSanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
“About a year ago, White House Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney -- the far-right budget chief who got involved in politics because he was determined to help balance the federal budget -- told a group of Republicans that nobody cares about the issue anymore.” 
@SpeakerPelosi @MaxBoot @BillKristol How appropriate (sic). @RepAdamSchiff continually connected dots betw Trump &amp; Putin in Day1 Summary in #MoscowMitch ShamTrial. : Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
@Varneyco Hey Stu. Lemon is on par. I expect no less. He should have been fired a long time ago. Remember this story. What ever happened to the"I believers" on the left? 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Democracy 2020 Digest: Tulsi shreds on New Hampshire slopes - WATCH (@steinhausernh1 / ) 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Failed scandal-ridden Senate candidate Roy Moore has lost his mind along with his credibility, suing FakeNews for allegations against him. Did he sue WaPo or CNN? Nope! He's suing the Wash. Examiner, the best D.C. investigative paper conservatives have! 
@ @MaddowBlog Hey, Blackburn WTF are you yapping about- Trump does it all the time.. - Why GOP are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump Sen. Blackburn: How patriotic is it to badmouth and ridicule our great nation in front of Russia, America’s greatest enemy?” 
Wiley: 'Corrupt intent' is the only explanation for why Ukraine scheme happened as it did 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
A darn shame, eh? 😝 Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low | 
@NYMag @jonathanchait Providing health insurance to illegal immigrants could cost up to $23 billion a year, study finds. 
So, to all the repubs saying trump has committed no crimes... Here's at least one. Republicans get creative to downplay finding of Trump illegality 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump’s curious trial boast: "We have all the material." 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
@karma_down You poor Leftists--no wonder you're all miserable. Having to wake up every day &amp; lie to yourselves to square what your eyes see &amp; your politics deny. Crazy Bernie's SOCIALISM: Good for me, Venezuela for thee. (But I'm a CONSISTENT Commie!) 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Sleezeball alert! #KAG2020 Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #SmartNews Go ahead and we will sue for malpractice useless dentist 
The Republican party find any way possible to cheat, lie, con, and decieve. Sniddly-Wipplash politicians. 
Why Bolton’s book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
@girlsreallyrule Trump bragged that "no Americans were harmed" 
SICK AND EVIL!!! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NTSB reveals new details in Kobe Bryant helicopter crash 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday The Reality: kids- You all are my meal ticket!!!!! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
WATCH: @mayawiley says House impeachment managers "brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid" when asking that witnesses and documents be subpoenaed in President Trump's impeachment trial. 
They should not only look embarrassed they should BE embarrassed. Party before country is an abomination and disgusting behavior in this Republic which pretends to be a moral arbiter. This is astonishingly amoral and anti America. 
Fmr. Sen. McCaskill: "The Trump lawyers have made rhetorical arguments. I think the House managers have presented compelling case of substance." 
Hey #Democrats with your #ImpeachmentHoax THIS is REAL America &amp; WE THE PEOPLE will give @realDonaldTrump #4MoreYears! #KAG #MAGA #PromisesMadePromisesKept #TrumpLandslideVictory2020 #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020 
Sen. Chuck Schumer: Republicans were "fixated" on Adam Schiff during his emotional close Thursday night. #11thHour 
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump 72% of US wants witnesses. They KNOW we need to #RemoveTrumpNow 
Sen. Klobuchar says that she would like to have 2020 presidential opponent Michael Bloomberg on the debate stage to allow more voters to "evaluate him." 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Who would want to follow you? Your despicable but I'm sure you already know that! You, Lemon make a good pair! EWW! 🤮 
Gov. Jim Justice to Virginians upset over left-wing policies: Move to West Virginia 
Looks 150 years old.#Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
#BreakinNews 🚨 ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ Stabs Trump in the back. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
@DailyCaller @jawja100 This is what the @POTUS Trump praise @SecPompeo for bullying @NPRKelly &amp; later removing another NPR reporter from taxpayers plane in revenge move. Note @AlanDersh gives Pompeo pat on his back. @WajahatAli @donlemon @CNN @PressSec 
BREAKING: Multiple people dead and others unaccounted for after fire consumes dozens of boats docked along the Tennessee River, authorities say. 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans -This should not stand ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
@AOC As if we forgot how we ended up with a Republican House and Senate in 2016. Bernie helped secure GOP control 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Listen to Trump talk to his own staffers that he wanted to fire bad corrupt Ukranian ambassador. @NBCNews 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Prayers for a lasting peace...This is the most rational plan ever proposed. Let’s all pray it can come to be...❤️🇺🇸🙏🇮🇱 
More than 150 thousand!!! 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
I used to kinda like Chris Matthews about 20yrs ago, but the last few years he has really proven himself to be pretty garbage. He actually fits in great at #msnbc 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
@senatemajldr @SenRickScott @marcorubio @PamBondi @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Go 2 1:27 of the video 2 hear Trump talk to the guy he says he doesn't know. Asked Lev 2 TAKE OUT Yovonavitch. #ButIDontKnowHim #TakeHerOut #ShouldBeAshamed 
@RudyGiuliani @realDonaldTrump @VP @SecPompeo @AmbJohnBolton A rapidly developing story: concrete evidence that could implicate Trump provided by Parnas' attorney @josephabondy. The needle is moving very unfavorably for Trump should Parnas be called in as a witness during the ongoing Senate trial. 
Meanwhile complete silence from @SpeakerPelosi regarding #Tlaib #bloodlibel demonization of Jews killing Arab children. Jew hatred isn't alt left it's mainstream left. 
From Discover on Google 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program | 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
'C'mon... Everyone understands the president wasn't acting in good faith': Hayes 
Still think that we don't have a problem at the White House? Seriously? #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Dozens of anti-LGBTQ state bills already proposed in 2020, advocates warn 
@LylajoyRose @CNN Someone has to try and balance the budget. Republicans only worry about spending it. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | As if McConnell and Trump care. By 2020 elections, Americans will have impeachment in their rear view mirrors and will be looking at the next new shiny object of Trump corruption. 
Politics Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police | 
"GOP Senators may vote to acquit, but there is something truly cleansing to the national conscience to see Adam Schiff walk into their chamber and shove a full dose of truth down their throats before they do," fmr. Rep. David Jolly wrote on Twitter. 
Why is this reprobate still wearing a Teflon pantsuit when it should be orange!!! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
NEW: In the initial NBC News/Marist state poll of the 2020 presidential race, Sen. Sanders gets the support of 22% of likely Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire, with Pete Buttigieg at 17%. 
#NotMyPresident #seriously #BlueWave #WakeUp #speakup #call #Congress #feminist #women who #vote Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
What is democratic socialism? 
@maddow WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Anything’s better than Trump, tho some choices would be a disaster Now fundamental change in direction &amp; vision’s needed, not from folks re their dreams, but in our governance re corruption, transparency, accountability #Warren2020 #WinWithWarren 
Holocaust survivor, 94, forms unlikely friendship with NYC middle schooler over German language 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report This could get real bad! 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' #RiggedImpeachmentTrial 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Woke Indonesia creating jobs for women 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
@realDonaldTrump I don't agree with her politics but you have to admit she is a beast. Tulsi as physical fitness czar 
President Trump set to reveal Middle East peace plan 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change #AAG #AAG2020 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
I know he’s not a word guy, but THIS choice of words?—&gt;'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
@realDonaldTrump trial: Four of @senatemajldr former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of @POTUS 
Guiliani is not much smarter than Trump although he graduated college. Trump went through college, paid for by his father, but did not learn anything and his reality show job did not allow him to learn anything about real life. 
And we were supposed to “trust him”?? A military man, who speaks ill of his commander in chief. John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
#DejaVu all over again 🤯🤭😆 #Sanders supporters fume as #Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"Outrageous. Unconstitutional. Why, if Trump is acquited we'll have no choice but to start a civil war." Say no lefties, no Dems, none of us. We don't advocate #CallItTerrorism. We advocate voting for better candidates. Cover that @maddow @ 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ version of #liberal #utopia you stupid #stupid people in ⁦⁦@VisitCalifornia⁩ voted to promote him from shitty #mayor to #governor !!dumbasses 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador ⁦@AltNellGwyn⁩ 
@MittRomney @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCoryGardner @LamarAlexander Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
@GretaThunberg @davidhogg1111 Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica #SmartNews 
He also is best situated to beat Trump becuase he does best with non-white AND white voters. Bernie has shown he can put together a winning working class coalition. 
@realDonaldTrump Trump's defense team appears to be a cadre of mystifying blundering accident-prone liars who can't keep tract of their falsehoods: Trump lawyers’ defense arguments don’t hold up experts says 
Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims In other words, Meghan didn't do her homework before she joined a family long based on tradition. Her bad. 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
Trump’s legal team argued Bolton’s book should be inadmissible in impeachment trial and urged immediate acquittal as they wrapped up arguments Tues 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Holman Jenkins: The Comey coverup unravels 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"If this isn't impeachable, nothing is." 'Dersh-o-mania!': Laurence Tribe demolishes Trump lawyer's 'Wizard of Oz' impeachment defense 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested A friend of yours ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ? 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸😁Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
This is what the #Democrats support by not protecting our borders.This is what far left #HollywoodHypocrites support.This is what could happen if we keep allowing refugees in from shithole countries and elect them into political positions. #Karma 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"The perpetuation of his power and his ego, the perpetuation of a glorious self image is paramount to Donald Trump. So everything he does is... 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid KELLY SAYS BOLTEN IS A MAN OF INTEGRITY ? I BET THEY HATED EACH OTHER, WHILE IN THE ADMINISTRATION. NOTICE ALL THE FIRED THOUGHT TO BE LOYALS ARE LOWLIFES. 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
I know I'll be writing a card to this hero, and brother-in-arms. I hope we can give him a Valentine's Day to remember! Operation Valentine ATTN: Hold for Maj Bill White, USMC (Ret) The Oaks at Inglewood 6725 Inglewood Ave. Stockton, CA 95207 
WATCH: @MayaWiley says Republicans "have placed the Constitution itself on trial" by arguing that use of government power "against a political opponent, who is an American citizen, is not impeachable." 
Trump supporter Graham panned by Senate candidate for SC Harrison From Discover on Google 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Despite Constitution, Sarah Sanders fears Congress having war powers 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
poop master accused of accepting bribes- San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Rem. Hakeem attack on GOP - Devin Nunes beleiving what told @amykbrichards @GilKAOGG @GlennWakai @maggieluvlife @mohospitals @keenaqjantwine2 @cesar_paredes @saundrarhodes14 @wyattburpp @bradyjbennett @RashidaTlaib LGBT @WashingtonSRC @SenatorAquino 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Present day democrats have to exercise alot of willful-ignorance CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
.@Lawrence explains why Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell revealed he does not currently have enough Republican Senate votes to block witnesses in the Trump impeachment trial. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Hillary is gonna sabotage Bernie again 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Trump legal team says Bolton report doesn't change case facts | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #REDNews #ImpeachmentTrial 
@seanhannity YES THEY WILL!!! HE WILL BE REMOVED!!!! YOU CAN’T BE A CRIMINAL AND BE PRESIDENT!!!! 
I'm watching AM Joy clips on the website. In this clip, Sam Nunberg is a completely different person since the time Maya Wiley convinced him to testify.: What is Trump thinking? Two men who’ve worked for him weigh in 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
How Bernie Sanders, the Communist, became rich through Capitalism. No, it wasn't his book. 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. - NBC News @nuzzel 
@gop @SenateGOP - are you kidding me? #BoltonBookLeak is a red herring. The Dems could have subpoenaed him ages ago, but did not. Why are you giving this credence? Vote to acquit and move on! #ImpeachmentScam #KAG2020 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
The #GRAMMYs #Oscars #GoldenGlobes etc. are nothing but a bunch of ignorant narcissists congratulating each other &amp; themselves for being woke because #OrangeManBad 🙄 Guess what celebs? We got your message. You hate us. So, we stopped watching. Simple. 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
Pompeo blasts 'shameful' NPR reporter, claims she broke agreement reached before interview | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator - - 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
SUCKERS. 🍭🍭🍭 Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Meet Trump's "left butt cheek". He says "he" will let us know what the Senate decides? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
The sound of the Woke/Identity jackboots stamping on freedom of speech in Liverpool. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
"This is an example of how the blood libel works in 2020. @RashidaTlaib retweets a vicious lie steeped in centuries-old accusations used to demonize Jews, then says nothing when it's disproven. An apology is overdue," Greenblatt wrote on Sunday. 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
@MSNBC has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Trump needs to go......PDQ; he has done SO MUCH damage to our nation, what is USED to represent, long ago and far away. 
Baltimore residents tell the TRUTH: corruption is the rule rather the exception. Lawrence Jones investigates what's really happening on the streets of #Baltimore @repcummings @realDonaldTrump 
@CondreayDavid @pdoty64 Enjoy 🤣🤣🤣🤣 
@MittRomney @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @senatemajldr What the hell is wrong with you people? Have you not heard ANYTHING the defense has said in the last 24 hours? You're legitimizing an UNCONSTITUTIONAL act by the House. #ACQUIT @realDonaldTrump 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
The Democrats are done for. Good riddance to them all. #DemocratsHateAmerica #DemocratsAreCorrupt #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #CNNisTrash 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet #Lokypets #PTY 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | 
@SenatorCollins We all know that in the end, you will do EXACTLY what Mitchell McConnell and your Russian masters tell you to do. #GOPCoverup 
Former #Watergate prosecutor @JillWineBanks slams #Trump lawyers’ arguments @amjoyshow 
Coming to NYC soon, courtesy of De Blasio and his Sharia Law police force. How does that taste to all you Socialists? You get what you voted for, public flogging Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@Scavino45 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS American is digging itself into a hole. Obama's time in office, Republicans seemed to care very much about the budget, making fears around the national debt and deficit their top priority. They've backed off those concerns under Trump. As usual. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Fmr. Amb. Susan Rice discusses how President Trump has used foreign relations to "advance his personal political gain." 
TFW Angus King gives you a semi "Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought" 
Wonder what they have in common? Three guesses, first two don’t count. America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Barbara Boxer: Trump's legal team seems unprepared 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan - @GoogleNews 
@LindaSuhler @realDonaldTrump Enjoy 
Sean Hannity: Democrats are already running out of things to say in Senate impeachment trial 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
@funder @yankees954 Everyone should watch Joy's interview with the entire panel. She doesn't take any cr@p! 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
@Breaking911 @realDonaldTrump Show these despicable ones what and who is real. 
Illegal immigrant breaks into NJ home, rapes 6-year-old girl, police say 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Mayors of those cities? All Democrats 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote Feinstein WHO BROUGHT LYING BLASEY FORD TO CONGRESS AGAINST KAVANAGH WHO WOULD LISTEN TO Feinstein 
Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial 
Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Thursday's Mini-Report, 1.23.20 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Tune into @ @Morning_Joe to see @ZacMcCrary in a few mins talking about this piece and why candidates should take a page out of @JohnBelforLA playbook and embrace #bipartisan #cjreform 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer says Republicans "don't want to hear the true facts because it puts them in such difficult positions" during the impeachment trial. 
Perhaps taking a cue from their Dear Leader, Republicans keep saying the quiet part out loud. 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there’s ‘new evidence’ daily #SmartNews 
Chuck Rosenberg: ‘You don’t trade’ witnesses 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Lemon is a total piece of CRAP. Just human debris. SCUM... CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' @tvkatesnow the 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@AmazonChique @avatar_izzy that's just not true? bernie's support has consistently been one of if not the most diverse of any candidate 
Just Secede ??? West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Dems delivered “their opening argument”: @AP White House reporter @JonLemire recounts first day of Trump impeachment trial on @Morning_Joe (at 5:45). 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@SenSchumer @caldev3 This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
"How do you cover a completely different approach to this?," Lawrence O'Donnell posits of challenges facing Democrats' during their final day of arguments against President Trump. "The president's defense approach tomorrow is not going to be about facts." 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
2 of the greatest leaders of the World, &amp; the left has a coup against them.Left don’t like leaders that do whats best 4 the people. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank &amp; Gaza 
YANG ... is the right person for the job.. A NUMBERS guy with HEART and SOLUTIONS. On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #nepotism. #politicalscams 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | ⁦@JaySekulow⁩ 
 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters ;// Lemons denial of hearing the joke means he's either a liar or a phony for laughing the way he did. I think he's just a hack. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
The top brass at @ATT found a way to boost viewership of the failing @CNN CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Melber: 'Constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
#QAnon China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Both sides, where’s the other side? “‘Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
.@JJCarafano: Why Trump says give Middle East peace a chance 
Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims 
#corona 🚨🚨🚨 "2,800 people in China and killed at least 82"... a far cry from the estimates given in the past few days. Speechless. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@emptywheel I believe Parnas said Ukraine could NOT last w/o US. trump asks: how long would they last against russia. Parnas responds: Without us, no time at all. Without us, about 30 seconds. (around the 1:05 time stamp) 
US federal health officials say a case of the coronavirus from China has been diagnosed in Seattle, according to reports. Maybe they’ll catch the person and put them in the room with the Ebola, Bird Flu, Swine Flu, measles people to scare and... 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female... 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Really. Imagine that in liberal democrat controlled California 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump Senate Republicans have broken with all precedent and fairness to cover up #TraitorTrump abuse of power and corruption. #GOPCoverup #GOPHypocrisy as always 😂 
Sen. Harris: "Let's all be honest that Donald Trump has been obsessed with Barack Obama...but coupled with that, when we're talking about the Bidens, this is about, basically, red herrings to distract from the issue that is before us." 
Full audio/video: 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown 
If the latest from Lev and Igor doesn't burn this crime syndicate to the ground, nothing will. WAKE UP SENATE- you look like FOOLS and TRAITORS! 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics 
UPDATE: Death toll from the new coronavirus in China rose to 17 from 9 on Wednesday, Chinese state media reported, with some 544 people infected across China. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that | 
@BrianJOMalley Good luck! Here is the recording of The Perfect Dinner! 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
i guess to tRUMP a head injury is like the common cold. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Former Watergate prosecutor slams Trump lawyers’ arguments 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@Tricia1312 @PrisonPlanet Also in other news : one time a man fell from 47th floor and survived . That another anecdotal evidence for you 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
New evidence calls for answer on cancelled Pence Ukraine trip 
Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #tcot 
Understand this, Trump is speaking to a small minority of folks who don't read, and get their news from Fox and talk radio thus are low information individuals. Trump creates his own reality and he knows people won't question his words. Pathetic and sad! 
@AndrewOReilly84 not a bad report as these things go glad to see Palestinian reaction covered, including that of Hamas, the last democratically elected govt. of Palestine #NoFakeNews #BeFair2Palestine 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Some of the best 5:57 in political broadcasting. Thank you all!!! @DavidJollyFL @RadioFreeTom @TheRickWilson @amjoyshow 
WATCH: Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues dismantle his defense of Donald Trump. 
@SpeakerPelosi . Looks like YOU have a snake in YOUR garden. No wonder SF is such a wreck. @MrCleanSF has done what YOU accuse the President of doing!! Get your own house in order before you try to tell us what to do with ours!! 
.@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Look at this. San Francisco corruption getting flushed out. Thank goodness. The people of San Fran spend good money for clean streets and orderly and lawful society. The DA needs to go next! 
OK, boomer. 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Coming to an American city near you Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Get your coffee and catch up on where the impeachment trial goes from here... GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
He actually said he could fire ambassadors 
@realDonaldTrump Winning because Republicans run the senate. Not winning on facts. Winning with hiding documents and witnesses. The people are the losers until the election. 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Oklahoma district attorney auctioning counterfeiter's classic Ford Mustangs #news 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial Most American voters have decided and no amount of witnesses will change most minds for or against Trump. Close and bring down the tents. 
Mother of slain #California woman accuses Oakland mayor of protecting suspect, an #illegalalien | Mother of slain #LibbySchaaf of protecting suspect, an FoxNews 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Dear #JaySekulow: please learn the definition of #QuidProQuo #TrumpCrimes #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #Upholdtheoath 
@lisamurkowski We need #WitnessesAndDocuments if the truth is to be known. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Trump 2020!! 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede | 
BREAKING: More #TrumpTapes Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler @RepValDemings 
Yes! Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Rep. McCarthy: They have the transcript, they don't need anything more 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
.@pnjaban: President Trump’s team brought not only tactics but also a compelling overarching theme – the context of the extended and a historically partisan impeachment spectacle in an election year when the people themselves can decide in nine months. 
@donlemon Here is the latest! 
Remembering Jim Lehrer: Fair and balanced before it was a slogan 
@HouseGOP Yeah, well, the DOJ is already out saying Bolton lied: DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
I do hope this means the #GOPCoverup isn't working. 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj gets 25 years to life in prison for child rape | 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' Hey Texas, hey America please don't elect any freakin more Bush's to office 
Ok boomer 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
@JaniceDevereux1 @ChrisCuomo Schiff and the HIC most certainly did ask him, and he skipped the scheduled hearing. He then signaled that he would sue them if they subpoenaed him, as his deputy Kupperman had. 
Lordy, there are tapes!!!! 
Republicans who stood up for #Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
If this was a 10 year he would get a LOT more attention from ol Joe. 
@mrGregBoz @TheStagmania That’s my bad but here’s the receipts. 
KEEP ELECTING THOSE RADICAL MUSLIMS TO CONGRESS &amp; WOMEN IN AMERICA COULD SEE PUBLIC CANINGS HERE! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' | 
Hillary's still running the DNC. She's going to enter the race and tell you everyone begged her to run. Hillary's been laying the groundwork since the last election. This has been obvious for months. #Hitlary 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Lincoln Chafee on his decision to run for president as a Libertarian: 'Major parties have let us down' 
I find it mildly bizarre that the whole world can listen to the evidence, but the #CorruptGOP have their hands over their ears! #ImpeachmentHearings 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Of course it's so it's not like you can just start trusting THEM again🤷‍♂️ 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
I always appreciate discussing @just_security articles @Morning_Joe! Topic: Why White House should fear going to court—judge may rule Ukraine allegations involve crimes. Great round of questions and ideas from @JoeNBC @HeidiNBC @WillieGeist @mikebarnicle 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
So do I among millions of others 
: Brian Williams, Sen. Angus King call out defense attorney Jay Sekulow's false flag argument on who interfered with US elections. @GoogleNews 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump If this is true it’s a huge win for America. Americans want the whole truth. 
Kobe Bryant &amp; daughter both killed - 
Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Ho hum ... yawn ... zzzzz NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
The Messiah conversation at 01:12:30 is truly a wonder. 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet | 
Rep. Zoe Lofgren on the new Bolton revelations: 'A game changer' 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
Test drive: The 2020 #Chevrolet #Silverado diesel is a smooth operator | FOX News | #ChevyTrucks 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
What a twat. 
Remember the SENATE MUST FOLLOW LEGAL DUE PROCESS...not HOUSE rules. So whether or not BOLTON TESTIFIES IS IN THE SENATE RULES. The HOUSE CAN START ANEW Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews Sorry Lindsey but Trump threw the country over a mountain... don’t blame Bolton. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Is this the first arrest,Q? #QAnon San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #SmartNews #WWG1WGA #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #MAGA #KAG2020 #TheGreatAwakening 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight @shannonrwatts @MikeBloomberg Trump has my vote in 2020!!! 
Heres the video, does the FBI or anyone not see the crime in this even the language ,from a sitting president ,knowing someone might take him up on it,meanwhile theres a 3 million dollar bounty from a foreign country on trumps head 
" 'A Very Stable Genius' unearths scathing new details about the 45th president" and "the reviews of this book have been universally excellent." Count @PhilipRucker and I honored to share our book's details w @BWilliams on @11thHour. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders @NYTimes 
* Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' I did #exactly what I said I was going to do I #reported again and I will continue as long as I am being held hostage while you steal my identity 
Another great example of a demoRAT doing extraordinary work in Nancy Drunklosi’s San Francisco. 
Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report 
Listen to this, then decide whether you believe @realDonaldTrump's statements that he does not know Lev Parnas. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
.@JoeNBC takes a look at new poll numbers finding 75% of voters are in favor of witnesses being able to testify in the impeachment trial. "Why don't we look into the crystal ball? How bad does this look for them?" 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ vote to #acquit now we are tired of this sham! 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza God's word says to not part or separate His land. No man has the approval of God to change the boundaries of his land. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' Do you think he even knows what he is saying? What a moron. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Trump needs to invite her to the White House and thank her for not aborting her 8 children when the risky pregnancy threatened her life. Love. : 'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday. @GoogleNews 
GOP senator says Schumer using impeachment as tool to become majority leader 
The irony is sublime. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Asked on @Morning_Joe about his late son, Beau, Joe Biden appears to fight back tears: "Beau should be the one running for president, not me." "He walks with me. I know that sounds to some people kind of silly." 
Wiley: Trump's legal team 'did not have a lot to work with' 
"Mike Kerrigan: Florida's falling iguanas- Iguana know the truth" FOX NEWS 
WATCH: @AriMelber: Ken Starr provides contradictory arguments for the impeachment of President Clinton in 1998 and against the impeachment of President Trump in 2020. 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" -... 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
@JennaEllisEsq: Senate impeachment trial – Here's where things stand now, what should happen next The Dems’ failed to provide anything more than subjective belief, speculation, and presumption. Despite claiming overwhelming evidence and a slam-dunk case 
@SteveScalise @HamillHimself @MarkMeadows @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOPoversight @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr @WhiteHouse @RepAdamSchiff @realDonaldTrump @funder @williamlegate @gtconway3d @NBCNews @mattgaetz @itsJeffTiedrich @JeffreyGuterman @DonaldJTrumpJr @SuMoh7 @jaketapper @TeamCavuto @Judgenap @latimes @GeorgeTakei @GenMhayden @ColMorrisDavis @MP_Spears @SCOTUSblog @Scotus @scotusreporter @shanlonwu @RobertCooper58 @joncoopertweets @MollyJongFast @ananavarro @DearAuntCrabby @Bill_Maxwell_ @billyjack2016 @Lcars24 @WilliamFPeters2 @GovBillWeld @WalshFreedom @andersoncooper @nytmike @RepDougCollins @RepJeffries @rgoodlaw Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
“The WSJ has called 4 John to just come forward just tell the public what u know,” Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., said. “I think that actually [would] be a smart thing. I’d encourage John to do that without involving the trial.” No way. Needs to be under oath. 
From Discover on Google 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
THEIR TRUE COLORS ARE SHOWING... 
“In the end the Party would announce that two and two made five, and you would have to believe it. It was inevitable that they should make that claim sooner or later: the logic of their position demanded it.” George Orwell ⁦@EpsilonTheory⁩ 
D.C. attorney general charges Trump inaugural committee enriched the family business 
Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Why Trump might not fight on executive privilege 
@Yamiche @JudyWoodruff so @ScottforFlorida should talk to Sen. Angus King: 
Loser @donlemon. 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Brett Velicovich: Soleimani was Iran's terror CEO -- The world is safer (not more dangerous) now that he's gone 
Asked whether he would accept the subpoena of the Bidens in exchange for a John Bolton testimony, Sen. Tester responded, “I think this makes a mockery of the whole impeachment ... Get the folks with the first hand knowledge." 
Wednesday January 22 - The Rachel Maddow Show: Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed'; During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal Via @maddow @ 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
"To replace a 2-gigawatt nuclear plant with solar you would need the equivalent solar panel coverage of a two-lane highway from Washington, D.C., to Los Angeles and back." 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
@Kat80650657 @lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @Lor_blueeyes @Thumper5465 @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @SONADORLIVESON @Impeachedforty5 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @jdd2169 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge @MockingQballs1 @FranciGirl85 @MaryChenevert @siempresoldados Here FoxNews redacted story lol bc you don’t want believe Summary of same story Julz. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
"Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report" FOX NEWS 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote : INSTEAD OF CLIMATE CHANGE...FEINSTEIN EXEMPLIFIES OXYGEN DEPLEATING 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
Ok Patriots do your thing, it's a POLL Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Dangerous San Franfreako DA who promised to not enforce state laws was raised by domestic terrorist Bill Ayers, worked for dictator Hugo Chavez 
#Breaking McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@QuinnipiacPoll @bynsny Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Daily Beast: Lev Parnas felt ‘betrayed’ by Trump friendly legal team 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Military contractor awarded compensation for burn pit exposure while deployed in Iraq 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal Democrats are looking really desperate and ignorant, trying to destroy our elected President. Shameful!! Will show come Election Day. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown | January 23, 2020 #news 
(God help us, American or not they should not enter the US)Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@realDonaldTrump And all Republicans should watch this... 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@tap_gary @SenDougJones @SenSchumer If @realDonaldTrump was innocent he'd be opening every paper, book, document, email etc. saying, "NOTHING TO SEE, SEE?" Instead he brags about having the evidence and not sharing it. Also the independent GAO said there was a crime - 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Yeah it is 
John Kerry reportedly coaches Palestinians not to 'yield' to Trump in peace talks, spurring backlash 
#RealNews Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Bernie Sanders on upswing in early states in new Iowa, New Hampshire polls #Bernie2020 #ILikeBernie 
@WayneDupreeShow @RebellionVote Donald Trump "i dont know who Lev Parnas is, ive never met him before. Sounds like he never met Stormy Daniels either.: 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Sen. Sherrod Brown can't imagine any senator would vote against calling John Bolton as an impeachment witness #AAG #AAG2020 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' | 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich @realDonaldTrump @marklevinshow @JudgeJeanine @JoeTalkShow @SarahPalinUSA @IngrahamAngle @AnnCoulter @BernieSanders @AOC @SenWarren 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
Will .@realDonaldTrump cut #Medicare &amp; #SocialSecurity? .@lisamurkowski .@Ch2KTUU .@KTBYFox4 .@kakm .@alaskapublic .@KUACFMTV .@SenatorCollins .@newscentermaine .@wcsh6 .@wagmtv8 .@FoxABCMaine .@fox5dc .@ABC7News .@wusa9 .@npratc .@MeetThePress .@CNN 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@BrettField8 @marklevinshow @HouseIntel @RepAdamSchiff Exec branch officials do work at the pleasure of the president (+ Bolton was either fired or resigned idk) but that doesn't mean they're obliged to cover up anything illegal or unconstitutional. Bribery of a foreign nation to rig a future election is both 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | // For those who think the GOP was ignored in this process 
Trump admits to obstruction of justice in the Ukraine matter that is being debated in the Senate impeachment trial. My guess is that #MoscowMitch ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ could care less. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews @SpeakerPelosi "National poll: US majority wants to see #Trump removed from office" #TrumpIsGuilty #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachTrump 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
Does anyone else have trouble taking ⁦@OMAROSA⁩ seriously? To me she has ZERO credibility. 🤷🏽‍♂️ 
#coronaviruses #CoronavirusOutbreak WUHAN CORONAVIRUS Australian scientists Tuesday they successfully developed lab-grown version of coronavirus, first to create outside of China which is seen as a "significant breakthrough." M @7NewsWatertown💩 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Gotta love Van drew. I would have expected this patriotism from WV Manchin. WV must be shamed they voted Manchin back in 
Trump had a very cold welcome in Sweden. Damn. 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views LGBT is not normal. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump could actually get impeached and removed if his popularity goes south enough, but probably it just kills him at the polls on election day. 
Some good ads! Entertaining! A sneak peek at the best Super Bowl ads 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop #coronavirus misinformation 
@realDonaldTrump This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
"White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton" - 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
@mattdizwhitlock @donlemon 20 bucks Donny-boy to go stand in the middle of this and mock us in person. How about it? 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
@NBCNews President Trump appears to be seen briefly on cell phone video @NBCNews has obtained from Les Parnas his attorney. The audio recording is over an hour long. 
Mark Levin says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Truth!! 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
@chiweenie82 @waltshaub @AdamParkhomenko Ali Velshi breaks it down. 
McConnell: GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Gun Free Zones Kill: 98 percent of all mass public shootings in the U.S. since 1950 have occurred in places where the average citizen was banned from possessing guns. #BanGunFreeZones All of them, Make America Safe Again. 
: Franklin Graham responds after UK venue canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views. @GoogleNews 
Senate GOP confident effort to shut down calls for witnesses, evidence will be 'victorious' 
The first two episodes of @'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Trump will cut Social Security Benefits. #JoeBiden will not. This is one more reason to #VoteBlue2020. 
@dbongino @BonginoReport Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Explore the apps that are right for you at 
@newyorkerunion Due process??? Like understanding or at least researching into why the case was dismissed??? 
Chuck Rosenberg on witness strategy in Trump impeachment trial 
The GOP approach for plan B should be to continued the aggressive approach toward the democrats with renewed vigor and vitality because it clearly shows how ignorant and bias the democratic party has become. JLN 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@SenTedCruz Actually, no! Repubs had control of both house and senate yet only investigated Benghazi. Teddy, your lies dont make it...EVERYTHING can be fact checked dude. As a texan, totally disgusted by how far up 45s a** you are. 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Rachel #Maddow &amp; @ held a Town Hall in #Flint #January2016 I speak at about 3 mins 26 seconds in! Medication, contraption's helping me stand, stage make-up, and I did it! 3 yrs since the kid's are #not getting needed #specialeducation supports. 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
The biggest Senate moments from Thursday 
Romney has everything, Jealousy of Trump on legacy has him Tripping. John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
This makes me SICK!!! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"Remember when Republicans were prepared to impeach Hillary Clinton?" 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Tulsi shreds the slopes like she shreds the debate stage. #LetTulsiSpeak Democracy 2020 Digest: Tulsi shreds on New Hampshire slopes -- WATCH 
An 🍊 #RussianAsset #traitorInChief #criminalInChief #nutJobInChief #moroninchief who's working on behalf of #Russia can never be a friend of the 🇺🇸 military "Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan ...Is? ...Is???...😂😂😂😂😂 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program and he’s not the only Harvard researcher to be accused! Some of them have fled back to China... 
Totally unfit! 
@Juggers4 @joeypapp @mallen2010 @ananavarro @GOP Hoe is this reaching. He had to shut down his own charity because he was stealing money 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
All controlled by Democraps 
Facts! 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', 'made points for us' 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
.@KristinBTate tells The Rundown how "progressive flight" could change America's political landscape for generations to come. Listen and subscribe. 
America's authoritarian scramble to end a Senate Impeachment sham without a 'trial' No witnesses or evidentiary material. No guidance from Judge Roberts. White House scrambles to keep relevant first-hand witness Bolton quiet 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters #DonLemon if that was your true thoughts you wouldn’t have laughed so hard at his smearing of Trump supporters. You &amp; #CNN are are a disgrace to the public! 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Virginia House advances gun control measures | 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote @Sen.DianeFeinstein your claim on withholding aid to Ukraine is a lie , your corrupt friends voted to withhold aid to Ukraine . Check the records ! 
@Senate @SenateGOP Senate candidate for SCarolina Jaime Harrison takes on Senator Lindsey Graham 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
“One notable moment in the audio that appears to be of Trump at a dinner with Lev Parnas and others is that the voice that sounds like Trump's asks about the extent of Ukraine's reliance on aid from the U.S. in its war with Russia.” Watch @maddow 
More hipocracy from Democrats in Senate running for President. Quid pro quo? Definitely lines family pocket at expense of public. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll | When we vote it is not a popularity contest it is who can best run our country &amp; Trump has proven that he can 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Trump impeachment trial case presented by Adam Schiff praised 
ALL LIBERAL RUN SHITHOLES! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #MAGA2020 
SOUNDS LIKE TRUMPS CAGES 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report Nope not at all to intelligent people,no more lies &amp; corruption led by Dem politicians!Enough of this bought &amp; paid for lies from self serving degenerates 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California March air base in Riverside County CA 
Cyber Warfare is dangerous and #MSM including #FOXNEWS has failed to report it! How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
@CNN #TheLeastTrustedNameInNews #jeffzucker Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Ha, they are really phoning it in now and nobody cares. United States of Russia Komrade... 
Does Meghan Markle regret giving up her acting career?... #news 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | . Another one. This book is a great source of Trump campaign commercials. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
WaPo: Dumbshit Trump lawyers, GOP allies work to ensure Bolton from testifying 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
Waiting for @DustinGouker to comment on referencing an offshore bookie 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Watergate prosecutor: Trump is worse than Nixon because he has no ‘shame’ 
@WhiteHouse @RepStefanik looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
"There’s really only one class of individuals who speak like that: Mobsters." - Legal analyst Chuck Rosenberg on recording in which a voice apparently belonging to Pres. Trump orders aides to "get rid" of Amb. Yovanovitch. 
BREAKING: UN experts call for investigation into possible involvement of Saudi crown prince in hacking Jeff Bezos' phone. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Schumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
: Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight. @GoogleNews 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump #CorruptTrump 
Washington Post reinstates reporter, concludes Kobe Bryant tweets didn't violate social media policy 
@SenBillCassidy Perhaps since you don’t like your job of protecting the constitution you should be voted out. But here is a little tape of Trump ordering aids to get rid of a American Ambassador right before two Russian born thugs friends of Trump surveilled 
John Brennan: @realDonaldTrump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency. #RemoveTrump #TrumpIsCorrupt #ImpeachedForLife #TrumpRallyNJ 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Well well well...isnt that special. We will see how weak a leader The Bern really is if he sits by quietly and allows them to flaunt their arrogance at him. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
James Carafano: Why Trump says give Middle East peace a chance 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
Jimmy Garoppolo asked spooky question at Super Bowl LIV media event 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Yoooouuuuu Whiiiiiites! I don’t know if this guy is THE best @FulhamFC fan in the US, but it’s certainly tough to question his commitment! #COYW 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
If anyone wants a laugh check out this fuming article 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Chris Matthews says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
@sfpelosi @GOP ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report Then BHO and the Biden’s should be on the list also to testify Joe bragged BHO was backing it &amp; then Clapper said they were following BHO’s orders to spy on DJT 
That's just Joe... Support me or get lost. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
We know the three regular suspects, who is the fourth GOP pariah?? McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@senatemajldr. U keep the commie dems charade going until election day. UR mission is 2 embarrass the shit out of dumbshits @SpeakerPelosi @chuckschumer @AdamSchiff @JerryNadler &amp; the rest of the communists. There will B a COMMUNISTS ROUT come Nov 2020 
@BernieSanders Total lie. Read 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@Biden_Front @JoeBiden Gee, I wonder why? Oh look, Obama/#Biden2020 signed a law that cut Food Stamps: 
#Technology : "Great Britain to use Chinese telecom giant Huawei despite US concerns.” #Tech #revolutionary #innovation #business #influence #future 
.@MaddowBlog: On impeachment, polling points to some "national consensus" 
@HouseGOP @WhiteHouse looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
What happens today? What’s the plan for the weekend? 
America’s deadliest cities. 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters This is BS this person as I said before would be fired it was somebody else 
"Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public" 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Illinois trooper fatally shot in cigar bar by woman who scrawled threat on condo wall 
WATCH: Joe Biden hits the trail in New Hampshire as rivals focus on impeachment trial 
Sen. Graham on Bolton book manuscript: "If there's a need to add to the record, my view is we're going to completely add to the record – not selectively ... If the Senate needs to secure testimony from John Bolton, then I will say so." 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump is 'owned by Putin' and has been 'laundering money' for Russians, claims MSNBC's Donny Deutsch 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Talk to Rudy , they gave him all the evidence on the Bidens and Burisma ! Why has nobody started a investigation into this Curruption!!!! Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source ... Did you notice:Trump's Twitter account rose by 200K in the last week? It had 71,6M and this week 71,8M, -Democrats for Trump in NJ? 
Now if they would only arrest Nancy Pelosi... San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
#JohnBoltonMustTestify Barbara Boxer calls McConnell's impeachment rules proposal 'a disgrace' 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
"GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns" 
Sen. Harris: "Let's all be honest that Donald Trump has been obsessed with Barack Obama...but coupled with that, when we're talking about the Bidens, this is about, basically, red herrings to distract from the issue that is before us." 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' I watched part of that, at one time I thought he was working for dems, good job ken! 
Buttigieg: The issues I discuss can't wait another four years 
#donaldtrump #trump2020 DONALD TRUMP 2020 RALLY President Donald Trump at a giant rally in New Jersey was greeted by fired-up crowd amid impeachment fight in the Senate. See story 
"With election-year implications, Supreme Court punts on ACA case" 
He’s bragging about breaking the law again! Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' wtf? 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump! 
10-20 thousand ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ rally. 10-20 total at ⁦@ewarren⁩ ⁦@PeteButtigieg⁩ ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ ⁦@BernieSanders⁩. #landslide 
The DOJ said in a statement Monday that a report based on John Bolton's new book about a conversation the former national security adviser last year with AG W Barr about PDJT's relationship with foreign leaders was "grossly" mischaracterized the exchange: 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Chris Wallace says he's struck by how Republicans have turned on John Bolton #AAG #AAG2020 
Well, it's all over Germany now...this is 2nd case of transmission outside of China. The other is a bus driver in Japan. WHO where are you? 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
@shelbyricher @bakingrrl @DebbieH22871782 @abbydphillip @cthagod @PeteButtigieg Here you’ll see @PeteButtigieg at a town hall going deep into race issues. Unlike, e.g. @BernieSanders, Pete does support reparations. I strongly believe that his approach will help heal the wounds of racial and economic injustice: 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops ⁦@G_CURLEY⁩ ⁦@HowieCarrShow⁩ Was the Nadler ‘the penguin’ involved? 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won Lemon is an arrogant piece of dog shit. Only CNN would continue to employ someone of this low character. Clearly no one at CNN cares about ratings. 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 💯 class! She should be on the campaign trail in Iowa, but listen to this! She’s talking about the job at hand and not one pitch for President! #AmyForAmerica 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Congrats, Ladies. You won the right to torture under the very Law that oppresses &amp;tortures YOU! another huge step backwards for mankind👉🏼 Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
@GaleTStrong I BELIEVE THIS STORY CIRCULATING ABOUT @SenFeinstein a fake story . 
Nizhny Novgorod: Soviet 'closed city' teems with tourists | 
: Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses'. @GoogleNews 
Aging isn't killing us but lack of sleep is 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Screwed again? 
Far left hijacked the LGBTQ community long ago! They support Islamists who kill them(Hamas, PA) Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Incredible stupidity. He gave away more than he wanted to again- Trump’s gonna destroy our Social security. 
Rep. Val Demings: "We are going to continue to push for documents and witnesses ... What trial in America does not have witnesses and documents?" 
"At the closing remarks, all the Republicans were fixated looking at Schiff. He was so powerful, he drew them in ... You never know how these weighty moments sit on the shoulders of people." - Sen. Minority Leader Schumer 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Unbelievable. Another democrat crook⬇️. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
If these rhinos don’t pull together there needs to be a third party created. The Conservative Party!!! Mitt and his crew will rue history over these decisions!!! He couldn’t win the White House so he holds grudges against the President. #revolutions 
Here's everything you need to know about the opening arguments from the Trump Senate impeachment trial in two minutes. #11thHour 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
San Francisco official Mohammed Nuru is in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets. He has done a poor job &amp; was just arrested by the FBI for Corruption. It’s about time! 😎👍🇺🇸 
@SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman Bolton says what now? 
Old FOOL! They just don't want evidence or witnesses, as the truth is NOT their aim! John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
- 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face'. 
China Refuses CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus per US Health Secretary... Well, this makes complete sense 🤔 NOT! #coronavirus #BatSoup #DontEatSnakes 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought @johncornyn &amp; @tedcruz tweet that truth will come out today. Truth will only come out if @SenateGOP allows #WitnessesAndDocuments #TrumpDefense #AmericansWantWitnesses 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB So many mistakes? 
@RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @TheRickWilson @JoyAnnReid @ And here: 
Virginia gun rights activist: 'Ready to show the government' I will stand for my rights Why must Gun Right's advocate make up Lies in order to make their point? NOBODY is "knocking on doors &amp; taking their guns" Why is it legal to wear a Mask &amp; AR15 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Retired Admiral James Stavridis on Qassem Soleimani's death: "Strategically ...we are pouring gasoline on a smoldering fire with no structure or strategy for where we're going to take this thing next." 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so What do you mean "if", better get busy, no crawfishing! 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ I thought you had the votes Saturday? What a bunch of liars. He’ll has a special place for all of you. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
Germany confirms first coronavirus case 
Here's one for all you sympathetic Mooslum supporters. Upholding Sharia Law. Barbaric religion. Note all the cameras and cell phones. Sad society. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@OvieO Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
The president bragged that he had all the “material.” Is that a message to Republican senators that the “material” will be guarded from the public, never to be seen? More of the president admitting to high crimes in plain sight? 
@Veteran4Trump @realDonaldTrump And here's something from faux news about the environmental regulation he is stripping... To benefit corporations, not people. Hope you like polluted water! 
😎Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ in #jersey #MAGA 
Send it to Rachel! 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? | Trump's probably right that he wants to sell books, but that doesn't mean he can't accidentally do some good in the process. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Leftist official in leftist city arrested for corruption while he’s supposed to be in charge of clean-up plans. I’m so shocked!! 😱 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
The 62-year-old driver was pulled over Thursday on State Route 101 in Phoenix and issued a $400 ticket for illegal use of an HOV lane to bypass traffic. 
@dangainor latest: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
"When weighing the seriousness of the scandal, it’s no small detail that Trump seems wholly incapable of telling the truth about the scandal that led to today’s trial." 
"...if I listened to him, we would be in World War Six by now, and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty &amp; untrue book," Trump tweeted. "All Classified National Security. Who would do this?" #KAG2020 #MAGA #Millennials #IMPOTUS #UniteBlue 
That’s just Bloomberg's way. I heard he did the same thing to Joy Behar. 
Today Is My Birthday &amp; My Birthday Wish Is To Meet Donald J Trump For My Birthday Wish! Joy Villa wears pro-Trump gown to Grammys: 'Impeached and re-elected' 
@NBCNews Where is the Trump blame for this? The @GOP dragged Obama for Ebola. Why isn’t Trump keeping us safe? 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views ⁦@BillyGraham⁩ TheDirectionRadical LeftistsRTaking TheWorld,AntiChristian, AntiAmerican, AntiJewish,Globalists IF,TheyRegainPOWER Will PersecuteAll OverAgainGodHelpUs 
@StevenH76686043 @realDonaldTrump Perhaps you haven’t heard. Lifelong non-partisan public servant and appointee, Fiona Hill and others have warned of it. It’s not hyperbole. Clearly, you didn’t watch the inquiry hearings. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
@justinsmith33j @guardiannews Yeah Americans aren't paying for foreigners babies. 
Barbara Boxer calls McConnell's impeachment rules proposal 'a disgrace' omg 😳 it’s like looking at a giant ham why is this has been or never was being interviewed? 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
The end of American democracy: "Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant" 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
@EricMMatheny You give the name Don a bad name... 🤣🇺🇸 
"Stephen Colbert reflects on Kobe Bryant's death, says his dad, 2 brothers died in plane crash" FOX NEWS 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Good ol' Russ @russfeingold 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
It seems like Republicans with integrity are increasingly outsiders within their own party. 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | By: Steve Benen 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
Republicans don't remember the Obama era as well as they should 
MaddowBlog: Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over, while expecting different results. See CNN. See CNN fall in ratings. See CNN go away. Good riddance to CNN. 
@cspan THIS REPRESENTS A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO THE CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. D's Didn't Want You to Watch Bill Barr at 7PM EST Timing of impeachment vote revised. 7pm EST Interview w/Barr. 7pm EST Not a COINCIDENCE. 
Fotis Dulos ordered to strict home confinement after taking items from estranged wife's memorial 
This is a real Wise Guy. He continues put it out there on Video. 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
"McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial" 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ has no spine and needs a visiting angel to tell her what to say and where to go. #RETIRE 🧓🏻 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Expect Dumbshit Trump to seek revenge for impeachment: fmr. Trump employee 
@RealDonaldTrump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Spynstein wanted a Deal when she was found out as a Chinese spy. Looks like the DS is applying pressure to their asset. Be careful what you wish for Spynstein. 
@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump Huh. Incredibly interesting. Jr was at the table when this happened. @HouseIntel has this tape, along with a tonnage of other materials. 
BREAKING: WATCH: Part 1 of Maddow’s exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to President Trump’s impeachment. #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayThoughts 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP caucus, softens rules after Dems 'ate his lunch' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" @realDonaldTrump Cutting SS should be the REASON you lose the election. You said you WOULDN’T TOUCH IT. And here we are. And typically, you’re saying the DEMS will. Another BLATANT LIE. 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' : Why do people think one's coming to our country deserve a free pass they should have to work hard for it like anyone else 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
🤔🤔On Sept. 27, 2000, the family formed Sanders &amp; Driscoll LLC, a for-profit consulting company run by Jane, her daughter Carina, and son David. The business also operated under two trade names: Leadership Strategies and Progressive Media Strategies. 
If you have the time, listen. 40 min in is where the conversation starts with Ukraine and Donald's ordering of the Ambassador to "get her out". 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
@TulsiGabbard do you want the support of 21 million pro-lifers in the Democrat Party that @PeteButtigieg just alienated? @ProLifeDem @ProLifeDem2020 @Dems4LifeCO @demsforlife @SoCalDems4Life @prolifelabor @prolifesf @RebeccaKiesslin @Iowademocratsf1 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth # Bizarre. I don't do this even with my own dog, much less a strange dog? 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump 1)Trump vigorously denies knowing Lev Parnas after explosive claims - POLITICO 2)In this little party your having a full discussion w/ Parnas to get rid of Yovanovitch 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Moscow Mitch McConnell don't have the power he though he dad, so he retreats. 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense #DonaldTrump #CrookedTrump #ImpeachmentTrial #Impeachment #IMPOTUS #RepublicanCoverUp #CoverUp #AmericansWantWitnesses #NeedToImpeach #GOP 
Kobe Bryant’s 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
John Kelly believes John Bolton’s account @ Does anyone believe this Ukraine/Biden debacle is the only instance where @realDonaldTrump violated the Law, Constitution &amp; his Oath of Office? How many more could others tell us about, if they Talked? 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@SheriffClarke @Deplorable_Rick @newsmax night Newsmax gave a million $$ donation to the Clinton Foundation, its all one big #Shithole of nasty people in DC 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt I WANT NAMES of REPUBLICAN SENATORS who fuk’d this no witness thing up 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper. Comment: Appalling, lying, bullying, swearing at her, then to cap it he showed how really ignorant &amp; stupid he is with a map with nothing on it, &amp; confused Belarus with Bangladesh. 
Analysis: The forthcoming Mideast peace plan from the US amounts to a deal for the US and Israel, experts say, and not Palestinians. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees So everyone remembers...the password for the rules committee is “password” 
US Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
After days of fidget spinners, GOP senators ‘attentive’ during team Trump presentation 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Democrats hope they persuaded these Republicans to back impeachment witnesses 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
@realDonaldTrump Hope the great @RepAdamSchiff #HouseManagers show this clip in the #ImpeachmentTrial 2 the American ppl as it shows you are still obstructing justice still abusing your power and 2 the corrupt complicit @SenateGOP #MoscowMitch @senatemajldr #ShamTrial 
Swing county Arizona voters weigh in on impeachment. 
@IsraelUSAforevr @realDonaldTrump Sure. We want more of this. 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters | 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump recently assured the public that "no Americans were harmed" in Iran's missile strike. As US troops are airlifted to hospitals, it appears he has his own definition of "harm." 
Asked on @Morning_Joe about his late son, Beau, Joe Biden appears to fight back tears: "Beau should be the one running for president, not me." "He walks with me. I know that sounds to some people kind of silly." 
Schiff called 'hypocrite' as past comments criticizing Clinton impeachment emerge 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ 
Read this carefully to the end. Lots of questions here. People are scared and not getting medical and food. People have pulled their kids from Special Ed. Does having expanded Medicaid count against them? This is wrong this is not what we should be about 
She's back! 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
asks: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" They keep saying the quiet part out loud. 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
I mean c’mon. 
OMG....you are a fucking employee......welcome to the real world...........................................Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics Yes just like Obama weaponized our Top law enforcement leaders now corrupt Dems in house are dealing in wholesale corruption to CHEAT/WIN ELECTION 
@Patriot_Musket Yeah. It's all peace, love, and rainbow tent happiness with MAYOR PETE'S TRAVELING ROAD SHOW. Not. Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
He is an snob.. He is pompous... Bigot.. Racist 
America's top 5 deadliest cities these most dangerous cities are governed by democrats!Wow! Common denominator! They need to vote democrats out! Corruption and resources mishandled! I’m sure democrat leaders family are taken care of like crooked Biden’s! 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" #BoltonBombshell #BoltonMustTestify #BoltonBook 
You know in your heart the right thing to do. 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments ⁦@DavidStearns17⁩ 
Bartender analogy 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Trump is such a pathological liar that they know they could never put him under oath at his impeachment trial! Interesting article in The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela - 
@mkmk86452208 @berzerkfury54 @MichaelTCoffee Literally. 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Has destroyed Maryland and is part of the democratic corruption in Maryland. Sen. Chris Van Hollen says Bolton claims are major test of whether senators want impartial impeachment trial 
’ cable dominance turns 18, can now legally screw other channels. 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
@realDonaldTrump News @realDonaldTrump 
If you can spare few minutes watch Joe Scarborough's take on the Trump defense team's performance yesterday 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
The official Trump line on Soleimani strike starts to unravel | 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Something real fishy going on here. 
'Coup has started,' whistleblower's attorney said in 2017 posts calling for impeachment 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight ENORMOUS CROWD VRA 
@LindseyGrahamSC “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of a video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
Vote Against Guns!!!! 
"I believe that people are listening," Sen. Klobuchar says of GOP senators. "Adam Schiff's plea to our colleagues was, 'you know this isn't easy, but at some point, why are you here?' ... you're here because you're supposed to protect our Constitution." 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
@cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
@fredbristol2 @RICHBRERETON @TVietor08 @MikeLupica Yet, she is openly engaging in international diplomacy. 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Again @SenateGOP @senatemajldr are outsmarted by dem treachery and don’t have fortitude to withstand dems saying mean stuff about them. Conservatives need better representatives than these. Ever wonder why Schumer and Pelosi never have this problem? 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Looks like we are right! The infection is much worse and we aren't being told the truth! At what point do people in US keep their children home?! The incubation is two weeks. Entire swaths of our population could be infected and we wouldn't know it yet!! 
This is what America needs to see, hear and realize. The mockery of our Constitution and our justice system is on the hands of the Republicans in the Senate. The court of public opinion must matter most, and voting out “the president” is his conviction. 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
@LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey Graham is pushing Putin’s agenda. Why? 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #WeWillRememberInNovember 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse Hmm. Where have I heard that before? Oh, that's right. Thanks @BarackObama ! 
"Black people ain't be havin no Bernie" - 50 year old white woman who uses black lady reaction gifs 
I knew it was too good to be true. Not only is she not sorry, she thinks she’s a victim. WAPO = Cowards, I cant believe I didn’t remember that! Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Here in Utah we are watching you @SenatorRomney. We voted 4 Trump and support him. Why aren't you asking for Biden's? Why didn't we hear from you when the house changed rules, destroyed precedent, and hid the whistleblower? 
Dear GOP, Have Bolton testify under oath now or read the book after you dismiss Trump. Can you take the chance when an overwhelmingly majority want to hear from Bolton now? “Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk DISBAR BARR AND ALL OF THE TRUMP LEGAL TEAM FOR LYING TO CONGRESS! 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
We looked back at the president's deteriorating relationship with John Bolton. #11thHour 
If you thought the GOP would dete from their pattern of lying during this time of seriousness and due diligence....well you're grossly mistaken #demonicGOP #trumpLies #ImpeachANDremove #notmyPresident 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
‘Bill Hemmer Reports’ goes where the news is being made: ‘It gives you perspective’ 
Which is more egregious? The violation of free speech, or the violation of religious freedom? Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters This is what he gets paid probably six figures a year for to express his own personal feelings and that really the news when was the last time any of those left leaning channels actually told the news 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries | Trump Lied to America he said No Casualties American troops were not hurt 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
He doesn’t know him, never met him, has no idea who this guy is. 🙄 If you believe a lying liar. 🤷🏻‍♀️ Full audio by Lev Parnas. Pressure those GOP Senators to obey their oath to the #Constitution, remind the Dems you’re behind them. #TrumpTapes 
The problem with not having solid convictions is that you can be easily swayed. This is just another example. @StephenKing said what he said because he presumably believed it. But after the unreasonable backlash he decided it was better to conform. 
If this doesn't embarass SF 4 its homeless crisis nothing does. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
@dilenz2 @JaySekulow One more: 
What do these cities have in common aside from high crime and murder rates? THEY ARE CONTROLLED BY DEMOCRATS! From Discover on Google 
@SenatorBraun and @ToddYoungIN the people want to know... Hoosiers want to know... Make it so by voting for witnesses. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Must watch tonight's show&gt;&gt;Schiff was hair raising in his closing arguments. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@POTUS, the teller of 15,000 lies, claims (lies) #JohnBolton's bombshell book is "nasty &amp; untrue". 🤥🤥🤥🤥🤥 #Trump scorches #Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ #DrainTheSwamp #ImpeachAndRemove #MAGA 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Can Sekulow be disbarred for promoting a Russian faulse narrative? @StateDept 'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
@sweeswee14 @Lisahentschel4 @MSNBC ☝️Plutes gonna plute and idiots gonna enable them. “Government Accountability Office said in 2015 that the EB-5 program carried a “high risk of fraud“ 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries | 
@elirigil1997 @CryySouls @teets20 @yzyhawks @wingriddenang2l @MLozada You people are regurgitating nonsense from a Daily Beast blog post. The severity of the victims "injuries" was exaggerated. Prosecution's own expert witness determined that they could have resulted from consensual sex. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
WATCH: @mayawiley says Democratic impeachment managers are presenting evidence in a way that reminds senators and the public of all the facts, and how those facts paint a picture of "corrupt intent" by President Trump. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@WhiteHouse This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day 
@realDonaldTrump Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
@SomebodyStoleIt @JoseCastilloJr They did. This one was in 2018. And this was in 2016... 
.@chrislhayes reacts to arguments presented by President Trump's legal team: "You start to feel your brain cells die when a Trump lawyer says, 'Well, we didn't want to bring up Burisma and Biden, but the House managers brought it up, so here we go.'" 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims - Meghan Markle! The biggest mistake the Crown has ever made! 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' | 
Politics LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Jimmy Fallon, John Cena and other stars workout in hilarious beer commercial for Sunday’s game 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Kobe’s devotion to faith and family are as much a part of hm as his basketball career. 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
.@MaddowBlog: Rep. Schiff says intel agencies withheld docs "on the instructions of others." 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
: Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize. You are an anti semite. There is no room in confess for people like you @GoogleNews 
@WhiteHouse The consensus is: we want him gone, just like we want the Republicans in a Congress who no longer represent the people gone. 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Jimmy Carter: 'The White House is trying to stonewall' @nbcnews 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Lawerence: “Mitch McConnell needs Donald Trump and the Trump media team to spend the next two days trying to strike terror in the hearts of Republican senators who are ready to vote for witnesses. #TruthMatters #WednesdayThoughts #AmericansDemandWitnesses 
@realDonaldTrump “In researching my new book, "Profiles in Corruption: Abuse of Power by America’s Political Elite," I discovered that while Sanders may talk about the common good, his public service has made him and his family quite wealthy.” 
Meghan gave up little to marry Harry. Movie star &amp; Hollywood legend, Grace Kelly gave up her illustrious acting career to marry Prince Rainier of Monaco. Meghan was a game show hostess &amp; acted in a TV show; a B-list actor, at best. She is fortunate. 
The Democrats just won’t let Hillary go and they do not want Bernie. Round two of “Burn to Bern.” “it” will happen again Hillary. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@DevinNunes @IngrahamAngle Fact checking Ken Starr Baylor University finest: 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Fmr. Rep. Carlos Curbelo: "It does seem that Mr. Parnas was in constant contact with a lot of people in Trump world, that he had access to the president." 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Oh yeah, but lying, cowering GOP &amp; lying criminal illegitimate prez don't really care what Americans think. Only cater to uber rich. #GOPCoverup #GOPTraitors National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
now that we see our GOP Senators betrayal I had a bad feeling when they did this and came back with contradicting stories then I watched as they started to put party above truth the constitution and everything abd every day it’s worse 
@Lebensrune Her life wasn't ruined. She bragged about sleeping w/ Kobe. Admitted to friends she wanted $$ to pay for breast implants &amp; a koala bear &amp; semen was found on her &amp; her clothes that DID NOT match Kobe #ShesALiar 
@SenJoniErnst @realDonaldTrump About your comment regarding the Iowa caucus at the impeachment hearing. We saw what you did. And here’s the deal Senator… 
“It’s worth emphasizing that the president and his team have had months to come up with real-world examples of the House utilizing an improper process. To date, they’ve found nothing coherent to complain about.” 
Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
A lawyer who’s never heard the term FOIA lawsuit. 🤦🏻‍♀️. Only the best people. Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@bdglfr24 @ZenHoneybadger @CBSNews That’s what they said. Exact words. 
Air quality in U.S. getting worse, coal plants get reprieve from lobbyist Trump assigned to EPA 
CHECK it OUT FOLKS and PLEASE RETWEET @realDonaldTrump 
From - Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe/ Bolton Is A Traitor! 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
Schumer: Hunter Biden can tell us 'nothing' about Trump's conduct 
: CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing. @GoogleNews 
@LindseyGrahamSC @marthamaccallum Talk about the 75% of Americans who want witnesses and the whole truth, Leningrad. 
@Ordinary1World What’s worse is the gibberish that she speaks. Remove and replace Collins, she’s past due on the two term limit she promised. 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | 
Police test new technology ‘BolaWrap’ to restrain suspects 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump - - 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Well, well, well....... McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
I agree with this! The death rate is growing from this. Media is ignoring. Americans are fleeing China, but we should not allow any inflights of Non-Americans from China. Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable If I don't hear when our troops will be pulled, certain bills signed.. it is time to start more litigation. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch DONALD J TRUMP trying to get rid of the Ukraine Ambassador Lev ... #impeach45 and he doesn't need to be President Donald J Trump violated the constitution. 
Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' Why won’t you shut up your big mouth, you imbecile/Idiot unbelievable she always has something to say, even they do not make sense especially about Traitor.. 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews This is America...here #RightMatters 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' | 
Gee @SenatorCollins, it seems even conservatives have your #! Shucks. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Too good to be true? 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
WATCH: @mikememoli reports from New Hampshire, where Joe Biden hits the campaign trail. (corrects trail) 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@thehill REALITY: Trump and the @GOP are committing crimes. The DEMS are doing the RIGHT thing exposing these crimes to the public. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | Republicans as always can never get their shit together ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@LouDobbs⁩ 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
#China spurned #CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: #USHealthSecretary @GlobalCRL :Rejection of qualified offers of cooperation and assistance in a #GlobalEmergency appears as a selfish and arrogant mistake by the #CCP. @demosisto 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Schumer claims Republicans are trying to distract from a vote on witnesses "Republicans were "inventing shiny objects" and outrages to distract from the discussion to include new witness testimony and documents in the impeachment trial of President Trump." 
Sen. Whitehouse says Pres. Trump's legal defense team avoided addressing key evidence in the impeachment case and instead "they made a dozen arguments or more. I think they were trying to build as many off-ramps as they could away from the real question." 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ #TrumpcrimeFamily 
Moscow Mitch 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Lmao ,so here you go Bernie how much will it take to buy u out the race this time ? 
@mclogic78 @pianomancal @B_rrraaad @benshapiro I know you don’t actually believe it but you should be petrified Trump is taking policy advice from strangers. He demanded the US ambassador be fired on the spot once Parnas told him she was bashing him. He didn’t even even try to verify. 
@guypbenson Yeah. 
Hey now! 
Stupid people think stupid things. Chris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this 
Sen. Stabenow: 'John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate' 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters ⁦@cnnbrk⁩ Is Trash FakeNews UnWorthy Of R Acknowledgement Worst Ratings Ever Worst Wannabe Reporters Lol 🤣🤣🤣The Shithole Of The ⁦@HouseDemocrats⁩ ⁦Party🤣🤣 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Unfortunately Hamas, Hezbollah and Iran won't allow it....... It would destroy Iran's influence in the entire Middle East..... Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Controversial Rep #RashidaTlaib (D-MI) says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after #antisemitic and anti-Israel blood libel retweet, BUT doesn't apologize | #Antisemitism #Israel #Tlaib #Squad #Michigan 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law....So enlightened 🙄 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Please don’t forget pelosi and her sun, and Romney and Kerry also. I agree, Don Jr, Eric and Ivanka should sue Schumer for defamation. Schumer is projecting again! 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
What trust? Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
42:00+ @realdonaldtrump hears at a dinner party that the U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine mentioned "Impeachment" and he orders her taken out. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #DumpTrump #ImpeachmentTrials #nevertrump #MitchMcConnell 
⁦@SenSanders⁩ what say you on this? You stole $ from the people, your a hack ! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Good! Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
@JackPosobiec @OANN Why lie? Trumps innocent remember?? 😆 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to Mexico for Spring Break, report says 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich. 
Tucker Carlson: Schiff got Trump-Russia collusion all wrong, never got punished. Instead, he's being rewarded 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that THIS IS LIBERALISM TOXIC RHETORIC TO DROWN OUT ANY OPPOSITION 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
2 Ohio officers fired for their strip-club arrest of Stormy Daniels 
.@NicolleDWallace: "Mitch McConnell has already lost his grip on his caucus. The rules that he made clear last night ... those have changed already." 
Great interview from from four former senators that involved and participated during the Clinton impeachment trial! A definite must-see!👍👌 
'Give America a fair shot': On third day of opening statements, the case on obstruction 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Chiefs superfan 'Bad Luck Chuck' getting bobblehead treatment 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Dumbshit Trump are mobsters 
CDC: 110 suspected coronavirus cases in US under investigation, number 'will only increase' 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
@CortesSteve is laughable in his arguments here regarding decorum. Trump goes around trashing a variety of people multiple times a day daily. Including attacking children etc. Destroying lives. You want to act offended Steve...start with admonishing Trump. 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial “several news outlets” 
The Palestinians won't agree to any type of peace agreement that Trump advocates for, (even if it meant achieving world peace), because Soros Obama HRC will promise them this, that and the other, NOT to accept it and of course, WTP will pay dearly for it 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #Topbuzz 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Ingraham: The Bolton red herring | 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Thank you, Silicon Valley. I just wouldn’t be able to discern and critically digest information correctly if not for your concern and oversight. #coronavirus 🙄 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Was the #CoronaVirus a biological weapon? This should give you a hint: 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ #CNN #MSNBC 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
is to provide extensive live analysis and reporting for the Iowa caucuses beginning this Friday, January 31st, and leading up to special coverage on the day of the caucuses on Monday, February 3rd, hosted by @BretBaier and @marthamaccallum. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight! 
"I believe that people are listening," Sen. Klobuchar says of GOP senators. "Adam Schiff's plea to our colleagues was, 'you know this isn't easy, but at some point, why are you here?' ... you're here because you're supposed to protect our Constitution." 
Today's #FederalBudget Note| “Despite 2016 campaign promises that he would eliminate #NationalDebt, deficit spending has exploded on President Trump’s watch. Few from either party level w/ voters about the pain and austerity required to erase even part.” 
@Commonsensenow2 @seanmdav Not heavily - 48% Dem; 42% Rep 
@agokjr @JoshNBCNews @maddow (Found one that looks legit) 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
.@WillieGeist asks Sen. Manchin if Hunter Biden is a relevant witness in the Senate impeachment trial. Sen. Manchin: “I think so; I really do.” 
Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them 
@Scout_Finch Wisconsin here. @RonJohnsonWI is as compromised as they come. One of 8 @GOP Congressional leaders to spend July 4, 2017 in Russia. 
This degradation of soul, spirit &amp; personhood is the natural process when one has bonded, without boundries to a Malignant Narcissist. The end , he may fall on his own or should he ever cease to be useful to trump he will be tossed. #lindseyisdeadinside 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Yea, he addressed it, but didn’t apologize. He’s a racist hypocrite! Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight... 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
"more exaggerated" dynamic or more of the same lying b's narrative? Senators showing a 'more exaggerated' dynamic in the chamber as trial continues 
The Senate made some unexpected changes to the impeachment trial rules. @SteveKornacki explains the debate over the rules on the latest #ArticleIIPodcast. Apple Podcasts: Spotify: Google Podcasts: 
@PentictonNews In all fairness...since your article mentions Trump, I’d like to add that investigative journalist John Soloman revealed in 2018 that the Clinton/Soros machine paid women to accuse Trump of sexual assault. Lisa Bloom sought to line up $ to Trump accusers 
Holocaust Remembrance Day: Few Americans know the death toll, poll finds 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@nfriedlander Just saw the ad on It's a beauty. I also called @SenatorCollins office (again) and reminded her that America needs a #MargaretChaseSmith moment now. #mepolitics 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
McCaskill talking about the Democrat treason! Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
I would love to see them try. Then maybe we'll get a total on how much they made.. Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #Topbuzz 
As Donald Trump's Senate impeachment trial gets underway, he'd love to have the American public behind him. But that's clearly not the case. - #Maddow - "National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" #ConvictAndRemove #CoverUp 
Pompeo's revenge is just disgusting. Pompeo's State Department boots NPR... 
Democrats argue their case to remove President Trump @nbcnews 
@SenatorShaheen @MittRomney @SenatorBarb @lisamurkowski @GOPLeader @ChiefJusticeJR Next #ToxicTrump will say, I hardly knew Bolton. 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Chris Matthews: Not one Republican defended Trump’s character during the impeachment debate 
@TreeFarmer812 Oh, I thought you were the facts over feelings crowd? Oh thats right, you're not 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case #AAG #AAG2020 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight #SmartNews 
@realDonaldTrump Tell us again how you don't know Parnas - 
Justice Thomas criticizes Joe Biden in new documentary 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
WT? seriously - Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
How long before surgical masks are for sale everywhere? #VIRUS_CORONA #virus 
Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Shockingly stupid AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
It’s Habbening! British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Memo%20to%20Trump%3A%20%27You%27ll%20never%20measure%20up%20to%20Obama%27 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' ⁦@AOC⁩ what you appear to again to not comprehend is that we do have an immigration system that provides a lawful way of entering this country ! 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
She just can't keep her sticky fingers out of anything... 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight @jjauthor 
"Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial" 
for future reference 
@gop The trump stink will never wash off. Get ready to smile like sausage, onions and treason forever. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@DonaldJTrumpJr Meanwhile, @donlemon was served with the Sexual Assault complaint Wednesday and Soon To Be On National Sex Offenders List! Who Is IGNORANT? 
Lindsey Graham ‘promises’ ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020 08/09/19 09:20 AM &amp; the Head BAGGA coming for your Social security So you'll either be BROKE or DEAD VOTING IN ANY of these BAGGAS 
Pam Bondi is a moron and has no experience as a lawyer. How stupid does she think people are? Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma @ 
@realDonaldTrump Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
: GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source. @GoogleNews 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low Be political - fall into the tar pit 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's shit covered streets arrested for illegally taking free shit. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
I was in the World Trade Center when 9/11 happened. Here's now I then ended fear of flying See Read #9/11 travel airline fear flying iartg 
#Iwanttohear #ICareAboutUkraine #ImpeachmentTrial Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@EricTrump⁩ ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily" 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | 
#ICYMI-#Trump supporter Steve Cortes and Never Trumper Rick Wilson debate president’s #GOP impact @amjoyshow 
Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.28.20 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base #CoronaOutbreak #Coronavirus #coronoavirus 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Bernie and his Sandersnistas are so stupid! They get screwed by Clinton and the DNC and then ask for more! 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 😂 
@donlemon You are 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
@SenRickScott @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @RepAdamSchiff This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
*BOOM* 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan Great interview! 
Trump is 'owned by Putin' and has been 'laundering money' for Russians, claims MSNBC's Donny Deutsch 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters: "I was not laughing a those Ni**ers, I was laughing at jokes about how stupid and shifty they all are." 
Man quits job, sells possessions to travel around world with pet ferret 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' | 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@amyklobuchar Rachel Maddie "To me they look embarrassed" Amy describes shocking behavoir of GOP Senate colleagues in disallowing witnesses &amp; indifference to "protecting Constitution. #AmyForAmerica 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
What's this? The so-called Whistle Blower is a DS Anti-Trumper who was mentioned in the Mueller report AND instrumental in getting McCabe to investigate Trump/ Russia Collusion. Documented evidence. It's over, folks! Must watch this Interview! 
Tense election year sets backdrop for new Supreme Court session @nbcnews 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Jeff Sessions is emphasizing his loyalty to President Trump's agenda, as he seeks to reclaim the Alabama Senate seat he held before being picked to serve as US attorney general for a president who said Sessions was the “biggest mistake” of his presidency. 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #Topbuzz 
Supreme Court appears likely to allow public funding for religious schools 
@nedryun This scenario from 2016👇 &amp; who knows how many more porches combined with ballot harvesting is a major fraud on the CA citizens. How many stacks and stacks of these are now harvested? 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
We have a "President" that is too stupid to even understand his own criming. (facepalm) "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Well well well.... 
Here here. Trump the Traitor 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash #WAKEUPWORLD! 
As #coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' from China to US #Wuhanvirus #Wuhancoronavirus #virus #epidemic #travel 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
has topped MSNBC and CNN for 18 straight years after a dominant January 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
@TwinklingTania "Clinton attended 27 rallies in support of the Obama campaign, attended 11 fundraisers in support of her former rival, and delivered speeches on Obama's behalf to a variety of groups,..." 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’: The biggest questions in the impeachment trial are when will it conclude and if the Senate will call witnesses. 
Support our @POTUS! Unite with other Patriots! Retweet this tweet. Leave your @handle below &amp; follow everyone who comments. Bookmark this page and check back for more followers. Please follow me @CeeBeesHeart❤️ 🇺🇸🇮🇱🇺🇸🇮🇱🇺🇸 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Ok if not #Lizzo2020... I'm down with @ewarren but only cause @JulianCastro said so.... #julianforVp #feelinggoodashell 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday - 
In response to John Bolton, @POTUS is effectively asking the public to trust his word ... ... while simultaneously peddling easily discredited falsehoods. It's not a smart strategy. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" @realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr So the Repugnants are “bored”, falling asleep, doing crossword puzzles? Saying there’s “no new information “. That’s easy! Allow WITNESSES and NEW EVIDENCE! 
@sophiesno1 @SherieSmith7 You have shown me no facts at all. Obviously you have some homework to do. #BoomingEconomy #LossesComingForTheDemocrats 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
.@AriMelber: Trump’s defense arguments were a “total, unmitigated legal and constitutional disaster…Ken Starr was out there shadowboxing with himself…&amp; constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face &amp; then walk off the floor.” 
@realDonaldTrump ...and listen to this 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
During my very first banking committee hearing in 2013, I asked our bank regulators when they last took a bank to trial for breaking the law. They couldn’t answer it. That’s because Too Big to Fail also means Too Big for Trial – &amp; that’s just wrong. 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' 
@OkieDreg @noglutenhere @RomanBlue__ @Annie26212680 @sdmalone2001 @loarkib5 @shantok @HillaryClinton It’s not authencated for you yet? Here you go. That’s a major lie considering what we have seen on other texts and stalking her whereabouts, and someone even suggested the price would be good in Urkraine. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan. 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial As soon as someone explains to them that the defendant does not provide the witnesses for the prosecution to make their case. Its unconstitutional &amp; illegal??? 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
'Dersh-o-mania!': Laurence Tribe demolishes Trump lawyer's 'Wizard of Oz' impeachment defense 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews. FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!! 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Rep. Schiff tells @MeetThePress that he thinks President Trump's tweet this morning asserting that Schiff will pay a "price" for his role in the impeachment effort "is intended to be" a threat. 
@idnconsulatela Who on Earth would want to visit a savage uncivilized country like Indonesia, where women get flogged as punishment. 
Don’t know him. Never met him. I take lots of pictures. 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
.John Bolton reportedly working with Comey's former agents to publish book on time in Trump White House | 
President Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." @NicolleDWallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. 
Anchor cites Biggie Smalls in report on book 'Warning' against Trump 
Just so we're all on the same page.. this is dumb, right??? - Kris 
@BretBaier If your show cuts away from active Senate, use the full chiron to suggest not only but C-SPAN as well, since many don’t use internet devices when watching FNC. 
@GingerVeganFck @curtsanderson83 @MichaelRapaport Have you seen the evidence? Semen didn't match Kobe. She also admitted she wanted $$ for breast implants and a koala bear #ShesALiar 
Every passenger passed initial medical screening in Alaska. 
#FakeNews 👠👠Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth He will slander and lie. His ads are lies and distortions - 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
Claire McCaskill: House Dems are making a better case than team Trump so far 
Here we go again. Weeks upon weeks of testimony from god knows how many people.... McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Hallie Jackson: "There is a full court press this morning working to discredit the president's former national security adviser." 
A corrupt 'Rat. Well, I guess no news is good news. | San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Really this comes from Fox, I mean Trump news Network, pro trump all day all night From Discover on Google 
Chuck Rosenberg on witness strategy in Trump impeachment trial 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins he is one of those who protects trump from being responsible for his behavior 
Politics Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
More REAL NEWS the #FakeNewsMedia fails to REPORT on.... #KAG2020 Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" ........... #GOPAfraidOfBiden 
Chris Hayes: Trump definitely knows Lev Parnas (and Lev has receipts) 
@DavidCornDC If they are, will they break with 30 years of profound partisan hypocrisy and place the needs of the country first, or will they continue to spread Russian smears of Joe Biden on news shows like @TheBeatWithAri. 
.@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff is telling Republican senators, "Not only did he do this and you guys know he did it...He will keep doing it 'til the last dog dies - 'til January 20th, '21." 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #SmartNews ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@greggutfeld⁩ ⁦@JesseBWatters⁩ ⁦@TheFive⁩ @danaPerino 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Is Bolton looking for fame, filled with hatred or quest for $$$ Kilmeade: 'Incredible' that Bolton is releasing book while Trump is still in office 
Presidents must be able to candidly consult with their advisers without worrying they will leak these discussions to the press or obtain high-dollar book contracts to publish them. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump’s Middle East peace plan is an 'opportunity of a lifetime' for Israelis and Palestinians 
Klobuchar on significance of New York Times endorsement 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Sen. Klobuchar on Bolton book manuscript: "I literally do not understand how our colleagues can justify this." #ConvictTrump #MoscowMitch #WhitewashMitch #IMPOTUS #TrumpUkraine #TrumpRussia 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
From Discover on Google 
Strict gun laws FAIL to protect the People!! 🤔🤔America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
Thai sink this 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution #DonaldTrump #CrookedTrump #ImpeachmentTrial #Impeachment #IMPOTUS #RepublicanCoverUp #CoverUp #AmericansWantWitnesses #NeedToImpeach #GOP 
Fmr. Amb. Susan Rice discusses how President Trump has used foreign relations to "advance his personal political gain." 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
Full Audio of #Trump with "I don't know him" #LevParnas talking about #Ukraine 
Get it @realDonaldTrump Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@realDonaldTrump Cutting social security and Medicare don't seem so MAGA to me. You're lying again Donnie. I'm tired of it. I'll never trust a republican again. Definitely not a republican Donnie has endorsed. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" 
That kid that mowed the Whitehouse lawn is smarter than Trump.. Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #Topbuzz 
@josh_gesell @WillowDawn0262 @checkityhold @emzorbit @HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Facts: 
@mdnij34 that is to officially condone the racism and corruption of officers in any police department in the country. Barr openly threatened minority communities with the loss of police protection. his code words are obvious. 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Supreme Court not going to fast-track Obamacare 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Making America great huh? 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? I will remember the gop not caring and not making trump responsible for his actions 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views So what they have done is what he does,they afraid of listening 
This clip 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
◇ Queen + Adam Lambert perform 'We Will Rock You' - 
THIS is scary to know, but necessary. 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
@JoeBiden Ben Shapiro: Dems are willing to watch Senate impeachment trial 'go down in flames' to protect Hunter Biden 
#95d8adae54d3563793da8004f7e1f195 Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views Only very weak-minded people are afraid of others’ opinions. Is the LGTBQ “community” weak-minded? 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Trump Impeachment trial is no different then a Reality Trump TV show of The Apprentice🤡🤡👎😡 McCaskill%3A%20Trump%27s%20lawyer%20just%20stood%20in%20front%20of%20the%20Chief%20Justice%20of%20the%20Supreme%20Court%20and%20lied 
@KobbeMalak Ya made 
@SenMcSallyAZ That’s not what Schiff said at all. He said Trump’s crimes are too severe to wait until November, and he’s absolutely right. Why are you lying? The only disdain for the opinion of the American people is coming from you and your fellow Republicans: 
'We have to do better': Florida paper rejects Trump reelection 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote | . DEMOCRATS must have BULLIED HER TO CHANGE FROM VOTING WITH TRUMP. SO SAD, considering all she’s been through. Democrats are MEAN 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Chuck Schumer says he understands why Mitch McConnell and President Trump want short, rush impeachment trial 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
#Technology : "Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas.” #Tech #revolutionary #innovation #business #influence #future 
— The world was ending backstage in a theatre. The clown came out to warn the public ; they thought it was a joke and applauded. #kierkegaard an unavoidable choice between two alternatives. "you can give him an ultimatum—an either/or" #tikTok 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape in 2018 demanding Yovanovitch firing. Trump attorneys now claim he was concerned about corruption—this firing helped the corrupt leaders. Zelensky won in a landslide 1 year later 🔥🔥 
@LouTiger44 @thehill Even Lindsey is turning on Trump. 
There about to be live coverage on this announcement with details. If anyone can put tbis together, Trump is the man. Palestinians already reject this. 😞 Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
'Real people are getting hurt': House Dem on need for Ukraine aid @manic Fake news 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Indeed. Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Asked on @Morning_Joe about his late son, Beau, Joe Biden appears to fight back tears: "Beau should be the one running for president, not me." "He walks with me. I know that sounds to some people kind of silly." 
@ Houston Astros seek honest GM to clean house, but Chuck not high on list of candidates.. - Rosenberg on "trading" Bolton's testimony for Hunter Biden's: "You don't trade relevant witnesses for irrelevant witnesses...relevant for relevant. You don't trade" 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals #AAG #AAG2020 
It's porven that she stinks at both so what's next to try.👇 Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims 
Hey trump - #SocialSecurity and #Medicare are not entitlements. They are earned. Also - giving billions to the rich and paying for it by attacking and stealing from the acutely ill, elderly, disabled, children and #Veterans should be impeachable. #Friday 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
'Multiple victims' in downtown Seattle shooting, suspect at large 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program | 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize she needs to step down! 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
A Democrat complaining about hypocrisy, that's rich. Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Trial BOMBSHELLS: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying 
A Zen riddle for our times. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
OMG! Poop Patrol chief arrested for alleged corruption 🤦‍♀️ Hmm... he had a $312million budget, yet streets are still littered with 💩 Embezzlement? Shocking San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
[WATCH] @AttackIQ's #CISO Chris Kennedy recently joined @EmilyDeCiccio to discuss the disruptive capabilities of state-sponsored #ransomware attacks - find more here: 
@GOP Case in point, you are using skewed data #, thus propaganda &amp; misinformatio! The GOP is taking a page from the nazi playbook! #Resist 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@CNBC @jonfortt @carlquintanilla @jimcramer @ScottWapnerCNBC @davidfaber @MelissaLeeCNBC Micheal Bloomberg apologizing for his whole existence and being a white human? 
Sen. John Barrasso says House managers did not make the case for impeachment 
#Female flogging force unveiled in #Indonesia to publicly punish #Islamic #women who violate Sharia law 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial If you think Pence in innocent, you have got to be kidding me! 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
Hannity: Trump legal team demolishes impeachment case 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it: WaPo 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot Dems Venezuela 
From Discover on Google 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January ⁦@donlemon⁩ ⁦@jaketapper⁩ ⁦@brianstelter⁩ Thanks guys for being so bad! 
Texas worship leader pens new song in response to New York abortion bill: 'Not forgotten' 
Let’s make sure she’s toast ‘Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@lovereignssupr1 @YNB @TalibKweli Facebook and its fellow social media companies have been fighting a range of conspiracy theories, including that the U.S. government secretly created or obtained a patent for the illness. 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Raise your hand if you’re floored by this news from San Franpoopoo. 👇 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable .@JoeBiden 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans SAID SHE WAS HAPPY SO MANY CHILDREN WERE KILLED 
Sen. Coons says Alan Dershowitz delivered a "dangerous proposition" in his defense argument for the president during the Senate impeachment trial. 
Sen. John Barrasso says House managers did not make the case for impeachment #AAG #AAG2020 
@GeraldoRivera Sounds like the for-profit holding pens that the migrants are imprisoned in. Where is your outrage? Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
This administration is DEFCON 5...VOTE THEM THE FUCK OUT!!!! #GOPOS #VOTETHEMOUT This week, Donald Trump abandoned his 2016 rhetoric and put possible Social Security and Medicare cuts on the table. Yesterday, he tried to clean up the mess - but it... 
Whew. No softball interview (cross examination?) here by @maddow and company of Lev Parnas' lawyer about the recently released audio of the "Take her out" meeting with Trump. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@RoyBlunt Lev Parnas needs to be called as a witness. 
Buttigieg: Polls show I'm best to take on Trump 
@ScottPresler @GatesforTexas Well waddaya know.... 
Trump is STILL obstructing the investigation. He is so pleased with the start of his impeachment trial, &amp; sd, "Honestly, we have ALL THE MATERIAL. They DON'T HAVE THE MATERIAL" It's worth considering wt in the world that means. Evidence!!! ,' 
Addressing reporters this morning from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Donald Trump expressed delight over the state of his impeachment trial. Explaining why he was so pleased, the... 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' He’s right. We’re all sick of the crap they create... 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted 
The green weenie commies like Gruesome Greta will scream that this is all the US fault; conveniently ignoring the fact that 95% of the trash and pollution in the world's oceans is actually generated from India and China. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@bdglfr24 @ZenHoneybadger @CBSNews Sondland said it was QPQ. Exact words. Mulvaney said it was QPQ. Exact words. Bolton called it a drug deal. Every witness from house hearings described QPQ. Zelensky is dependent on Trump cooperating. 
How Bernie Sanders became a rich man off the back of tax payers. How does he get away with this while preaching equality ?!! 😒 #BernieSanders Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich. 
Subscribe to ‘So You Wanna Be President,’ a new podcast from Chris Matthews 
Another Sign War is Coming Especially After the Embassy strikes 
@ZerlinaMaxwell @ToddDomke Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Bullcrap...there are no direct quotes from the manuscript===&gt;Bolton manuscript leak to NY Times creates uproar 
DeAnna have you seen this. @DeAnna4Congress 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador @NBCNews #MAGA #TrumpCult #Evangelicals 
"It underscores the fact that there is still so much that hasn't been put before the Senate ... put before the American people," professor Jessica Roth says. "It's a very powerful reminder of the fact that there is clearly additional evidence out there." 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @KellyannePolls Yes Pence has been patiently waiting for this 
US quietly sent $221M to Palestinians in Obama's last hours 
@WhiteHouse Wait! What!! 😳....It was not about corruption?? 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@beebigelow It was the theme of an Obama SOTU among others 
Trump’s complaints about the impeachment… 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan Mitch traded making Senators his Bitches, so Trump could b his Bitch &amp; "Cut Entitlements." This is what these Bribery Bitches "Do." That is why they "Don't" 🙈🙉🙊in none of💩 Trump does. 
Monday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.27.20 
Mark Meadows admits being in the “secret” deposition done by @RepAdamSchiff 
HE has my support &amp; VOTE!! Rep. Doug Collins @RepDougCollins confirmed that he will run for U.S. Senate in a November special election, challenging incumbent GOP Sen Kelly Loeffler, who was appointed to her seat last year by #Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp. 
» Meet the Trump impeachment defense team 
We really should be thankful for trump being stupid, especially in this case. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
You love to see it 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Now America U need again (follow the money) #FollowTheMoney @AdamSchiff @SpeakerPelosi needs2 answer these questions this whole IMPEACHMENT is to hide their shady deals Wake up America wake up Adam Schiff-Ukraine connection comes under scrutiny 
If this isn't the New Feminism at work! Female flogging force in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. Wonderful! Islm believes in Sharia Law. There's no such thing as Moderate or Radical. It's all Islm. Ban Islm. 
Sems to require questions. Is Sharia Law embraced by majority Muslims or is this a barbarity embraced by minority Muslim Extremists only? Comments from Feminists? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
More b s Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
#Mississippi inmate becomes ninth from troubled prison to have died in January What’s going on? - @GoogleNews 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
A family journey to the Ark Encounter 
From Discover on Google 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@TSBigMoney Heads up dude. Thought you should see this, it hints at internal polling in Iowa at the end: 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Amsterdam police arrest man suspected of stealing 30 phones at Sum 41 concert This probably wasn’t the best disguise for a pickpocket to be wearing. 
@realDonaldTrump @netanyahu @gantzbe @WhiteHouse Life is good. 
James Carafano: Why Trump says give Middle East peace a chance 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
#Trump’s defeat by Democrats in 2020 is possible GOP media strategist @TheRickWilson says. He outlines plan from his new book with @JoyAnnReid: @amjoyshow 
👉🚨Anyone buying this?? #maga #Trump2020Landslide #KAG 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Democratic presidential candidate Rep. Gabbard has filed a defamation lawsuit against Hillary Clinton, claiming that Clinton "carelessly and recklessly impugned" her reputation with "favorite of the Russians" comments. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
A bug interrupts Trump's speech in Virginia 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' Ole Mitt the Rino Romney will get it together soon as we can get him run off! 
@leeannkendall @ …yeah, it’s still working. 
Senators showing a 'more exaggerated' dynamic in the chamber as trial continues 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' It's the old GOP 🙄 shell game for losers 🤔 
At least somebody is cleaning up the crap even if it is the city officials. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @DevinNunes @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Something really happened but elections are months away? REALLY, THAT'S THE BEST THE SENATE WANTS TO DO? 
Until it's a Democrat. Vote these Republican fools out for decades. We don't need these slobs Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script The Rep voters will remember in 2020 #MAGA 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it: WaPo 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
With the news of the Bezos hack, thoughts turned to Kushner but the relationship was weird for awhile before and after Khasoggi. There’s the while thing about using our soldiers as paid mercenaries there. 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Liberal California is very inclusive and accepting of illegal immigrants, but ask to have citizens return from overseas and they say not in my backyard as Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to U.S. air base 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @GOP @SenateGOP @senatemajldr @cnnbrk @foxnewsalert @foxnation @TheDemocrats RAND GETS DUMBER BY THE DAY- WHY SHOW MORE EVIDENCE- SO WHAT- GOP MENTALITY IS CLEAR PARTY 1st USA 🇺🇸 MAYBE! SICK PEOPLE LYING NON STOP!! 
Is this talking out of both sides of your mouth? #VoteDemsOut #KAG #TRUMP2020 #GOPLandSlide2020 Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #politics #news #analysis 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
County to County: Voters in Beaver County, Pa. talk to Stephanie Ruhle about impeachment 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#CloserNews Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@AnandWrites @ProudResister @JoeBiden Biden includes people in his gestures; Bernie dismisses them. Article about Bernie v. HRC gestures and the double standard benefiting Bernie then, too: 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
@JudgeJohnCarter Nah..... we don’t need more Republicans.... The Party blindly defending a despot. *NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize As a committed #marxst #leftist, i doubt that her higher standards will be any better than her current ines. 
@GOP Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @senatemajldr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FuckTheGOP #IMPOTUS Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk #SmartNews 
Angus King on #TrumpImpeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Sen. Manchin: We need all the evidence and all the witnesses 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
America's top 5 deadliest cities. Such a disgrace!!! ⁦@MayorBroome⁩ 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Biden is so old that dusts comes out when he farts 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 29 Jan 2020 - 12:09:00 am By Marisa Schultz | 
Dementia Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
@potus @realdonaldtrump @gop @SenateGOP Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador is nothing short of mob mentality 
#ecb5c9aecaa85a9686cf077a704c56f0 Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
From Discover on Google 
God rest their souls 2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Wiley: Trump's legal team 'did not have a lot to work with,' used what they had effectively 
Arrest these lazy deadbeats California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
US Supreme Court seemed prepared Wednesday to rule that states violate the US Constitution if they prevent religious schools from receiving some state benefits. - Pete Williams 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan | 
Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
JAN. 29, 2020 | George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' (VIDEO) Texas Republican congressional candidate Pierce Bush, 33, said Wednesday that he believes President Trump deserves to be re-elected. 
@lisamurkowski How about some evidence 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Don has to belittle others due to all his own short comings. Typical cnn reporter. I expected no less. They look behind and we look forward for America! They are socialist!! 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | . 
Female Flogging Force. Sounds like an anime-fetish thing. Enforcing Sharia law? Until you get a #masochist. She is heard during the flogging/whipping saying: "Oh yes... like that... you can go harder..." #Indonesia #women #Sharia #anime #female 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Brooklyn woman charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic Hanukkah attacks 
"Trump finds semi-official impeachment role for far-right GOP reps" 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
Why not send some snipers?Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections @GOP 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office #SmartNews 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
: CBP officers in Minnesota seize $900G in counterfeit bills from Chinese shipping container. @GoogleNews 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
New Jersey for Trump ! 
I’m sure everyone is in disbelief...Hmm😒⁦ Hey, San Fran Public Works, as you know, ⁦@ScottPresler⁩ does it as a public service🇺🇸 And, last time I checked he wasn’t in prison, just saying ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
From Discover on Google 
A must-read about #JohnBolton Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Well, that's the way millionaires work. That's why most of them are rich. Corrupting ppl, gvmnts and countries. It's called CAPITALISM! 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake 
It's a serendipitous prognostication party! Follow all who: LIKE RETWEET COMMENT What course of events do you feel will deliver the most justice to our democracy in the aggregate? Will McConnell have enough votes to block witnesses? 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
#PompeoKnew State Dept. releases docs that show how Giuliani's smear campaign vs. Yovanovitch reached Pompeo 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump "But no actual details can be released on the 'firm stance' or 'strong action' because I never took any in over three years." 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Proposed House bill urges NASA to delay putting US boots back on the moon until 2028 #Nasa 
#CrookedTrump's complaints about the #ImpeachedForever process go off the rails | #SelfIncrimination ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #Prison 
#Tunein: @andrewzimmern and Vilcek Prizewinner @chefjoseandres talk #immigration, #climatechange, and the political and social matrixes that shape global culinary culture in 'What's Eating America' on @. 
Turn New Jersey 🔴 Thousands of Trump supporters wait for rare New Jersey Rally! 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low #LiberalsRuinedHollywood 
"Everything to know about the 2020 Oscars" FOX NEWS 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Trump is an idiot and a moron. He just gave a good definition for obstruction. The sad thing is, the Republican Senate doesn’t care and they will find him not guilty. 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
Rev. Franklin Graham on the importance of preserving faith | 
Corrupt @SenSanders rails about 'common good' but public service has made him (&amp; his family) RICH. #FeelTheBern #MAGA #Millennials #UniteBlue #Democrats #DemocraticParty 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich:Those of U who think Bernie cares for little guy think again Bernie is all4his family has no compunction abt spending UR Tax$ 2benefit himself 
Fox Poll has hidden their final 2016 weightings at the RCP 2016 link. By any chance does any data nerd have the original stats? 
Oprah Winfrey's major moments, from 'The Color Purple' to that Tom Cruise interview 
Sen. Merkley: I absolutely want Lev Parnas to testify in Senate 
.@AriMelber on tweets from Pres. Trump and his staff: "It's legal to lie on the Internet. Harder to do it in a trial setting." 
.@MayaWiley says Pres. Trump's legal team "did not have a lot to work with" during their opening arguments of the impeachment trial, but used "what they had as effectively as they could." 
Trump lawyers: Impeachment is 'attack' on Americans right to choose their president 
17 states submit proposals to host Hyperloop certification center 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | ... wasn’t this the horrid woman that proudly announced that she enjoys castrating hogs?? Yikes.... 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Schmucky Schumer is scum. 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Hey @JoeBiden, way to treat your potential voters. Trump embraces every one of his potential voters. Grabbing the guys jacket with both hands? That will turn ppl away. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
@EdieS @KaivanShroff In what world is 27 over 120? Do you even google bro? 
GOP senator: New audio tape 'not really relevant' is this guy dumb or completely deaf? Of course this is another bomb! Not that we even needed another one! For f-sake! 
@AndreSobolewski @billmckibben @jkenney @JustinTrudeau Sorry, fair point. It’s been a little bit of an echo chamber around here lately. Americans have really appreciated the support of our Canadian brothers and sisters. 
Rep. Schiff: "The president's team basically has admitted that Donald Trump acted corruptly, withheld this money, tried to cheat in the next election, used the money to coerce or extort the leader of Ukraine into doing his political dirty work." 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Ken Starr: Trump impeachment articles 'dripping with fundamental process violations' 
@HUDgov @SecretaryCarson @LynnePattonHUD address homelessness after participating in yearly street count - What the Trump administration is doing to help the NYC homeless crisis 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Warren endorsement by Des Moines Register explained by executive editor 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script ⁦@SenatorLankford⁩ get the votes senator this is becoming ridiculous 😡 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it'" #tcot #kag 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Schumer does not have immunity against being sued for defamation, libel, and slander. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump impeachment trial opening arguments in two minutes 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments If dems insist on witness, @gop will call bidders (standoff at the moment) 
Want keep #Trump grubby little hands off your #SocialSecurity #VoteBlue2020 Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
This sounds interesting... McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede Or just vote your self out of office. Democrats are sickening. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
#SickoPedoJoeBiden HAS ONLY #SatanicPower controlling him. He only dreams of fondling little girls and BELIEVES what #DeepStateCabal Tells Him. #BidenIsADangerToAmerica &gt;Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
@gtconway3d #ConfederacyOfDunces is coined as nickname for Trump’s defense team. (Watch) 🔥🔥🔥 
Your right about sentencing stage. Americans are disgusted with Pelosi, Schiff,Chuck Schumer, All the malcontent socialist that hater of America and we the people. Now thats statement is towards your leadership Democrats. I know some of you are fed up too 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Ahead of the 2016 elections, Donald Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 elections, he's saying ... something very different. 
WOW San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested, Only took dems 19 years to correct! Early 2000s, Nuru was accused of misappropriating public funds and replacing city workers with employees from a nonprofit. 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Wednesday&amp;#8217;s Mini-Report, 1.22.20 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders. Was @AmbJohnBolton under oath while writing his book? 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Well, well... Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
80 percent support idea of impeachment trial witnesses in new poll 
Second chances in Louisiana 
#Shocked You don't say! Another dirty, corrupt #Demonrat in the great state of #Commiefornia caught with his hand in the cookie jar, but nothing will be done to right this wrong! #LiberalismIsCancer 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
She's an embarrassment to Michigan. I hope she enjoys her last year in office. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Only the best people. 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! 6 episodes. 6 themes that separate the winners from the losers. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Security officials express concerns in 'A Very Stable Genius' 
Admission by Trump: 
The Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with outbreak responses. #fuckchina 🖕🏻 
If this isn't enough to make you wake up, I dont know what will!!! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
Hosting a party for the Super Bowl? Here's 6 tips for cleaning up when it's over 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Great Britain to use Chinese telecom giant Huawei despite US concerns" 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script From Discover on Google 
100% proof the #Republicans are the party of oppression not #HumanRights or #liberty 
@realDonaldTrump Here's something just in case you weren't sure how much we f*cking hate you. 
@setbest1 @NewsTimes Bolton and NYT lied!DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead - 
Good. GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Three years into his presidency @realDonaldTrump wakes up and is worried about corruption in Ukraine??? Do his attorneys think we are stupid? @MarkMeadows @GOPSenate @senatemajldr 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Durham's investigation into possible FBI misconduct is now criminal probe, sources say HUGE❗#QANON #WWG1WGA #MAGA #KAG #PPC #YELLOWVESTS #GILETESJAUNES #BREXIT #YELLOWVESTSCANADA @JudicialWatch 
Trump's Senate impeachment trial: What happened on Day Four 
@realDonaldTrump @DNC @TheDemocrats, It's NOT a coincidence that ALL 5 deadliest cities are under a Democratic Mayor. Evidence the Party's policies are in direct conflict of life, liberty, health, happiness and prosperity. Their gun control is an AGENDA! 
WATCH: Sen. Romney says he'd like to hear from John Bolton in the impeachment trial, but adds: "If you're going to have one side call witnesses, the other side ought to be able to do the same." 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
FOX NEWS: 2021 Cadillac Escalade getting hands-free Super Cruise driving aid 2021 Cadillac Escalade getting hands-free Super Cruise driving aid Big change coming to the luxury SUV. FOX NEWS 
Republican senators seize on House manager Rep. Schiff's retelling of report about "head on a pike" remark during impeachment trial Friday. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Being a public servant has served Bernie well. . . . 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Devin Nunes is a pathological liar and should be censured and never be allowed to be on the Intelligence Committee! Interesting article in The Rachel Maddow! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
The @gop has nothing....so they make it up as they go along 
Chuck Schumer: Republicans were fixated on Schiff during powerful close 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
I pray he will not be a #RINO Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump is coming for your #SocialSecurity proving that his campaign promises were lies. #TrumpLiesMatter #convictandremove 
Ted Cruz reacts to testimony from the president's defense team | 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@wmahoney5 @Cara_TXZEAL @unseen1_unseen @ReganTheWriter @coco_bean88 @birockin @blcartwright @FranksFiles @RMachArts @textranquilo @jellen805 @BluesBrother91 @ja1rad @SpicyNoodles2 @SassExtra @mizdonna @salty_dawg69 @weebutmightiest @WilhelmDerErste @DrPainsInfo @chriswray3 @Joe_Logical @TexasKelGirl @HankMullaney @TheRand2025 @ByronFackenthal @mom_grateful @AllanKirkhart @JonAdam24656739 @sportsmom9433 @jskielb3 @politicalwilli @KellySunshineT1 @sc_lorraine @JayVanorman @ModBond1 @LeighStagger @olystubbies44 @blc3428 @BS2KZ @TurntableKittah @is_contagious @AuntieVodkahhh @Debbie22210 @SonofMan__2 @RickCrainium @Boozy2B @RadGeekpartduex @PlimouthOutWest @markjohnt2 Something is very suspicious here 
Strap in and get ready for a long drawn out trial. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
The Devin Nunes award this week goes to failed judge, failed Senate candidate, and pervy old man Roy Moore: 
The Sound of Crime brings you current crime! Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children #murdered #truecrime #thesoundofcrime #crime #smotheredchildren #victims #homicide #violence #survivor 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments And Schiff too 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial The thing is Trump really wasn’t chosen by the people. The EC claims it did. So can the system be trusted when it comes to Trump at all? He’s corrupt it top 2 bottom 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020... 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@SenCoryGardner @GreeleyTribune Call Bolton and the other witnesses to testify. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Varney makes bold prediction ahead of Iowa caucuses: 'Huge problem for the party' 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
No wonder they want to HIDE it! 
@realDonaldTrump The only thing consistent about Trump is that he lies constantly: 2016 campaign - not touching Medicare/Medicaid 1/22/20 - will be making cuts to Medicare/Medicaid 1/23/20 - Dems will cut but I won't 
All trump supporters, or should I seriously say worshippers, try defending this... 
What happened to 3, 4 &amp; 5? What a moron! 
Trump is spending a striking amount of his campaign resources on Trump corporate products and services. #EmolumentsClause "Trump-owned businesses received millions from Trump's campaign" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
“No, that's not the kind of call that I would like to see made” Governor and former Clinton impeachment manager @AsaHutchinson breaks from House Republican talking points, but says the president shouldn’t be removed from office 
analyze these nuts Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Great crowd we must stay vigilant to defeat the corrupt Dems America! 
@realDonaldTrump John Brennan says, "Well the book provides rich detail of what we have seen everyday for the last 3 years: That Donald Trump is the most ignorant as well as incompetent individual who has ever held the office of the presidency. I worked for 6 presidents." 
@BilldeBlasio's New York City: 
US airlines extending travel waivers for passengers scheduled to fly to China amid coronavirus outbreak 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. ⁦@91memphisnews⁩ ⁦@nashvillenews1⁩ ⁦@EvansvilleNews2⁩ ⁦@southbendnews⁩ ⁦@FortWaynesNBC⁩ ⁦@IndianapolisNOW⁩ ⁦@GaryNews2⁩ 
So --- I guess when Trump said he was going to take out the families of terrorists in order to fight terrorism, he really meant that he would send a couple of guys over to get the families fired? Don't be naive. We're on the cusp of true authoritarianism. 
@realDonaldTrump Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
Powerful stuff. Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Somebody tell The Squad that women's rights are gaining ground in Indonesia. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Vox's Ezra Klein on a possible John Bolton testimony: "Republicans are meeting to decide if it is possible for them to not hear more about what happened and we are sitting here pretending ⁠there is something normal about what is going on." 
I call bullshit. Memphis has more murders per capita than Detroit... 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views Now who is being prejudice LGB ppl!?... You all should be ashamed 
Wiley: 'Corrupt intent' is the only explanation for why Ukraine scheme happened as it did 
This is must viewing on weekends. But why does that grinning idiot Jack Kingston get any validation as someone we should listen to? I wish news shows would stop giving him a platform to gaslight people. It's not 'fairness', it's a waste of time. 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
Sonia Sotomayor: Brett Kavanaugh is part of Supreme Court ‘family’ 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office #SmartNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Call him "Big House Nuru" now. It's just not the streets of San Francisco that are filthy. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Y'all be safe🙏🙏🙏Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Sen. Murphy: 'I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden' 
@realDonaldTrump denied even knowing Lev Parnas. Yet the audio tape is an actual conversation between Trump and Parnas, with @DonaldJTrumpJr in the room as well. Trump and his son LIED. This tape should be played at the trial! 
You damn well better 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻 “If you call John Bolton, we’re calling everybody,” Graham said. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
@intrbl_ @BarneyGimble There is an equivalence in how Vegans feel about non-vegans eating meat and how most people feel about people eating dogs (Chinese, Koreans, Vietnamese, Indonesians, Swiss) To be fair, not all people in these countries eat dogs nor do they do so regularly 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
This guy has balls. Okay for trump to trash all. lol Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #SmartNews 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
DISBAR THEM...THAT WILL TEACH THEM A LESSON! 
@realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP @GOP @cnni @TheDemocrats @foxnewsalert AMERICA DESERVES WITNESSES AND U SHOULD NOT BE THE 1 TO DECIDE! AMERICA DECIDES AND A REAL TRIAL HAS WITNESSES. USA 🇺🇸 FIRST PARTY SECOND!! 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK 
Cartels will just Take them... Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
"Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace." This is key. 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 1 
Haven't read this. Not going to. I know nobody who likes Trump will turn to Bernie. #fakenews. From Discover on Google 
"The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption." Public corruption; anyone at all surprised? #SanFrancisco #SFPublicWorks 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' Yeah what A kangaroo defense They have nothing 
@realDonaldTrump A growing majority will not believe anything the Democrats put forth for evidence. After 4 solid years of failed attacks their, credibility is gone, IMHO. Now we have convenient leak from a pissed-off republican that amounts to hearsay. Pitiful. 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
CALL YOUR SENATOR. ACQUIT OR PACK YOUR STUFF. McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Peter Schweizer: Elizabeth Warren used the same DC swamp 'tactics' she now bashes. 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
"Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial" FOX NEWS 
@RepMarkMeadows NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
So much for the oath he swore last week. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@EclecticRadical He's compassionate, I recall this: 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' ⭐️ I agree!! 
The innocent president in the not corrupt Republican Senate doesn’t want you to hear her testimony from direct witnesses they want it in secret because that’s what innocent people do 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
.@GarrettHaake describes the dynamic in the Senate chamber: "Note takers duly note taking ... On the Republican side, we did see more people leaving the chamber for breaks, going into the cloak room, essentially breaking the rules." 
@KamalaHarris Remember Donald said he doesn't know Lev Parnas and well then the pictures and audio recording... remember who else Trump said he doesn't know? 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Independents, Moderates, Fence sitters, political newbies- are you getting this? It’s so repetitive. Tell the truth/get slandered by Tяump Tell the truth/get slandered by Tяump Tell the truth/get slandered by Tяump Comey/McCabe/Mueller/Vindman/Hill/Bolton 
@realDonaldTrump So the White House made copies of a single manuscript given to them, yet it is the Democrats who leaked it according to the White House! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Schiff: 'We're not here to make this easy' 
Chris Hayes: Trump definitely knows Lev Parnas (and Lev has receipts) 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
From Discover on Google RIP young Angel! 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense | 
What are they hiding? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
I don't think anyone expected them to be honest, I mean afterall, they're #Republicans (most of whom pledged to be unfair jurors at the trial). #VoteBlue "Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Lawrence O'Donnell: Trump defense team 'don't have facts to argue' - NBC News @nuzzel 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | SO DON LEMON CNN ON AIR PERSONALITY LET ME GET THIS RIGHT WHEN U GET DRUNK IN BARS U THINK STRANGE MEN WANT TO SMELL YOUR DICK &amp; SOMETIMES YOU FORCE THEM TO 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
without reading,easy to see why. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
BREAKING: Pres. Trump unveils long-awaited Middle East peace plan that proposes conditional path to statehood for Palestinians, while recognizing Israeli sovereignty over significant portion of West Bank; Palestinians have not been involved in the process. 
Hannity: Trump legal team demolishes impeachment case 
Good read&gt;Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Just a glimpse as what America will look like with dems in charge. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ one of your dear friends? Probably. ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ keep up the good work CA! In a few short years Tijuana will have a better rep. And be cleaner! 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Indonesia used to be a beautiful South Asian country steeped in indigenous animism and ancestor veneration. Abrahamism is evil. 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
.@JaySekulow calls leaked #Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump. #GOPCoverup 
Indian man convicted in call-center fraud case scamming Americans out of millions And @POTUS wants to bring in hundreds of thousands H-1B visa workers from none other than India. There are other cases DOJ @TuckerCarlson @LouDobbs, @IngrahamAngle 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Come one, come all witnesses! 
@Cathy45836270 @Crystalgerleen1 @REPsmile @nytimes @Morning_Joe Not even the full list 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Americans plan demonstrations in support of impeaching Trump 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials. Republicans can't bury their heads in the sand any longer. 
Thanks to us taxpayers: 
We know who the 4 cowards are. I will be donating to any R that runs against them. @MittRomney 
This is BULLSCHIFF! 🤬 Thanks to USELESS, SPINELESS, GUTLESS Senators like @MittRomney, @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins we have to endure more of this crap. @HouseDemocrats could have called ALL the witnesses in the world but didnt... SCREW THEM! 😡 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"Fox special takes an inside look at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as they step back from royal duties" FOX NEWS 
Where have you been Senator? Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
ALL @GOP Senators who: - legitimize this #ShamImpeachment by requesting more witnesses - set the precedent for denied due process being acceptable - set the precedent of lowering the threshold for #impeachment Should be voted out, ASAP. All cowards gtfo. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied America isn't getting a fair and impartial trial. They are getting a #CoverUpMitch #CoverUpMcConnell #CoverupCaucus #GOPCoverupMidnightMitch #GOPCoverup 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
@realDailyWire @realDonaldTrump Justice for Dustin! 
Donald Trump’s legal defense team will not deny Trump’s actions, just say they are not impeachable 
Man says he witnessed CNN host Don Lemon's alleged assault: 'I was kind of making fun, I feel bad now' 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
I, Jane L. Reoch, don’t trust Republicans who support a coverup. They, Republican businessman and doctors are good money 💰 -makers selling their wares such... 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | . ****If the GOP fails the American people, those weak ass RINO’s need to be voted out. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #AAG #AAG2020 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument 
A lot of people have no idea that DOMA was actually a compromise to prevent republicans from pushing and enacting much worse. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich What a hypocrite!! @BernieSanders you ARE a 1%er. #HypocriteOfTheDay #BernieIsAPhony #SocialismDoesntWork The Bern is proof @aoc 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Pro-life Democrat says party's stance on abortion is inconsistent with Democrat values 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
And why is there no outrage here? Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on fake climate change 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
"5 pro tips to speed up your old computer" FOX NEWS 
@POTUS @senatemajldr NO Diane, you are wrong, dead wrong! You are arguing over policy, it was different with Barack shipping pallets of cash to Iran, and it was different having an illegal Chinese driver. Democrats, stop stealing elections! 
US military plane crashes in Afghanistan with 5 onboard, official says 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of 2018 Trump conversation 
Before they even came to the table as a starting point Palestinian leaders ALREADY reject what they claim to want, a two-state solution. This in &amp; of itself speaks to how disingenuous they are &amp; will settle for nothing less than the destruction of Israel. 
@maddow House impeachment manager Jason Crow reacts to President Trump's impeachment trial defense, saying that his team "made a lot of points for us" when not peddling in "Russian propaganda." 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Offended? PLEASE... She voted to deny the Senate from hearing witnesses and seeing documents that would corroborate the documents already in evidence. That's a coverup! 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials . Did’nt see this in the UK news.... It is in the German news though. Wonder why BBC missed this one? @bbcnews 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
Fmr. Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick on his 2020 campaign: "What we need is to get down to the business of delivering, and that's the difference between me and Senator Sanders and most of the other candidates in this race." 
@cward1e @firstdraftnews @nytimes And here's a follow-up of @cward1e discussing this on @ 
Be a hero in the country you served! If Trump is guilty, it is what it is. If he's found innocent, we'll take it. America will thank GOPs who will abide by the law NOT by Trump. Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
"Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims" FOX NEWS 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #YangSurge Video. This is so SPOT ON TO WHAT I HAVE BEEN HEARING #phonebanking People HATE the Government #UBI would be the ONE THING THEY COULD LIKE👍EXACTLY 
@realDonaldTrump #LIAR. Another fact-free tweet by President* #LyingLiar. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Sharia law? What religion is this again??? @Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Like yesterday 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees #SmartNews Will SHE run??? 
Vietnam War formally ends: This Day in History 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
Trump appears to show up briefly on camera in Parnas recording. The evidence is mounting. 
talk about FAKE just look at the catotonic expressionless unresponsive faces on FAKE STAGE PROPS behind His Behindest From Discover on Google 
FLIGHTS FROM AND TO CHINA NEED TO BE SUSPENDED INDEFINITELY MR PRESIDENT ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@SenTomCotton⁩ ⁦@JaySekulow⁩ Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
POTUS hits nail on head. Bomber Bolton may have been a "straight shooter" as one general said, but he was a loose cannon world peace could not afford. @realDonaldTrump Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Besides the cold-blooded murder of innocent people who were exercising their rights of freedom of religion-- definitely enough for the death penalty--this punk-ass kid singlehandedly started the "war" on Southern history. Put him UNDER the jail. 
@CNN has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Exactly!!##Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
@PressSec @RepAdamSchiff Democrats will continue their devious ways &amp; CHERRY PICK LEAKS! While Democrats continue their COUP, AMERICANS are Lining Up to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues ALL airlines should do the same!!!!! 
Sen. Merkley says he "would like to hope" that Republicans are being persuaded to vote for witnesses in the impeachment trial. 
NEW: "President Obama called me last night and said, 'Tim, remember, this is no time to be a purist. You've got to keep a fascist out of the White House,'" Sen. Kaine says in a video clip featured in a new documentary about Hillary Clinton. 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
@realDonaldTrump I thought you didn't know love harness and never talked with him. "As usual all lies". 
@RaheemKassam @TheRickWilson Yes, he did. Here's proof. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees - LOOKS LIKE CROOKED DNC IS GIVING BERNIE &amp; SUPPORTERS THE SHAFT NOT ONLY IN 2016, BUT IN 2020 again! ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Makes sense. Why McConnell revealed that he doesn't have the votes. 
Joe takes on Pam Bomdi and Ken Starr shameless and hypocritical argument to defend Trump. It's a funny. "They think southerners are stupid." 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought @nuzzel 
@JRubinBlogger WORSE! He made that poor, poor, poor reporter, CRY!! BOOTED from the corps! RIGHTFULLY! Now, what are you blabbing about? 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey (a blue state) rally amid impeachment fight 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
“Just headaches “ 
@mittromney Thank you for moving to support the rule of law and our nation. 🙏🇺🇲 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
"Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20" 
@SenTedCruz Fact Check Ted Cruz is trying to spin the fact that Schiff just convicted Trump with the administrations own words. This is your worst performance since the Crucible 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' 
.@MTPFirstRead: Nine events that have defined the 2020 Democratic presidential race 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
"In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily" 
Sources : &amp; &amp; 
FT: Only 37% say they're better off since Trump took office Isn't that the same percentage numbers as @realDonaldTrump's POLL Numbers? 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation #TrumpTapes #IMPOTUS 
@yodogyep There are fundamentals beliefs and then there are accessories that go along with those beliefs. Nodding to pride month after taking office does not undermine his beliefs before hand. This article, while not completely objective, sums it up: 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
This is already a pitiful display of lies and deceit. They have lied the first day and the chief justice Robert's is allowing it. From Discover on Google 
⁦@donlemon⁩ does the #1 ⁦@CNN⁩ dance move, ‘the lying backpedal’, and claims he “didn’t hear it all” and “doesn’t belittle people”. You laughed harder every word &amp; THANKED THEM FOR INSULTING 1/2 OF AMERICA. You are liar &amp; a hypocrite. 
Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
The president himself is the best witness, says congresswoman 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? DOES KEN STAR KNOW HE’S KEN STAR? 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Bolton%20slams%20Trump%2C%20suggests%20some%20foreign%20policy%20decisions%20guided%20by%20personal%20interest 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Ingraham investigation New details on how Ukrainian official helped DNC try to hurt Trump campaign Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire🙏 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. FemiNazis: Monty Python’s “The Life of Brian” stoning scene.... 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Trump is spending a striking amount of his campaign resources on Trump corporate products and services. #EmolumentsClause "Trump-owned businesses received millions from Trump's campaign" 
James Pike 
⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ shocks no one with her terrorist propaganda blood libel tweet of a lie about Israeli’s kidnapping &amp; killing a Palestinian boy. No apology when proven false, &amp; says she'll “strive to higher standards”. More left OPEN anti-Semitism.🤬 
So, which century in the Dark Ages is this from? Let's hear the apologists for this faith explain this? 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Cranium, Trump Literally Brags About His Obstruction - Begs the question, if you have all the materials, and they prove you’re innocent... why aren’t you providing them? You demanded Obama show his Birth Certificate. Why aren’t you proving your innocence? 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
🚨BREAKING NEWS: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia expressed support for the long-awaited Middle East peace plan unveiled Tuesday by President Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 
It makes perfect sense. No one appears more experience in stealing the Democratic Presidential Nomination than Clinton and her cronies! #DNC⁩ ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
The Religion of Peace! #Islamisacult 
👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿 Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@RepublicanRehab @KirschenmanReid @Lynnevere @SoyBoyRoy1 @BeJamesMadison1 @WHurensohn @IanLStrain @MarkWEccleston @LiberalismReal @wuwu_wally @Q_Estrada @Spoonhead8 @JustinW37323955 @Ronald_1959 @chris19052 @Kamakaze99 @Lucanesque @Amicusc54803237 @SSPMk21 @Pady_oFurniture @BarkinDavid @DanielKTabeling @Deborah89847324 @charr68204 @ClodaghSnarks @trakkernews @ElizabethQE20 @RationalCalm @mjccatcher @BudaNot @DisLoyalBot @love_my_2cats @Chihuahua81Emma @patrici59152026 @polyeidus @Mindpollution3 @AnomicAge @DrRedVote @MikaelKruger @mspence6 @Mistierain Seriously...she said Missouri. It was one of her TRMS reports. LG Gasman makes shit up... 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments It's past time for a few Republican Senators to put the Nation's interest ahead of their personal animosity for the President. 
@realDonaldTrump And the cover up continues! Now your going to smear Bolton! 
None of ya'll know what Bolton's going to say! He could say Trump did all these things but it was LEGIT. Ever thought about that? Bolton testimony would open can of worms that could lead to Trump being put on stand, Judge Napolitano says 
Nobody is scared of Dersch stinking underwear! 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' #CNN #MSNBC 
@realDonaldTrump 👍 John Bolton is posing a real threat to #impeachworthy President Donald Trump. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
What we have learned from #Liam's and #Miley's #relationship, if you are keep on #breaking up even after being engaged especially after being together for a long time, there is a reason for it, don't married that person, it will only up in divorce. 
"Oprah Winfrey's major moments, from 'The Color Purple' to that Tom Cruise interview" FOX NEWS 
The CNN poll has Bernie leading nationally among non white voters 
Tell us again @IlhanMN how great Islamic law is in Muslim nations. # 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Chris Matthews says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
.@MaddowBlog: Finding himself in a hole, Sec. Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Move it to the Met Life Stadium and let them ALL in! Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
They called Franklin Graham a “homophobic hate preacher.” Using their standard, those LGBTQ “religiophobic hate mongers” believe that if you disagree with whatever they believe then whatever else you might say is worthless. That is hate. That is bigotry. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities All 5 cities ran by nasty filthy demorats 
DNC Chairman Tom Perez appoints two pedophiles to nomination rules committee. 
⁦@donlemon⁩ is a jealous inept scumbag. His show is failing but our POTUS is not. He constantly attempts to berate and disparage America and true Americans. He is a disgusting disgrace to all. 
Trump lawyers: Impeachment is 'attack' on Americans right to choose their president 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
#trump #Fbts go vote in this poll 
🚨Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 🚨Schumer has always been a vile filthy animal....he should be careful...he has tons of skeletons in his closet involving HUD &amp; LarryMizel...just sayin’ 
There really is no "DEFENDING POTUS". He's guilty, period! We need to remember these constitution violating pricks at the ballot. ALL OF THEM! 
@GailCosper @castledove55 @SteveScalise And one more since you are calling me a liar. You know it’s really best to do your research and stay informed. It’s really sad you believe this nonsense, and then lash out at other people for your bad judgment. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump #SmartNews They have NO DEFENSE FOR tRUMPS ACTIONS that’s why they are acting this way. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
America's top 5 deadliest cities. Hum #DemorcratsAreDestroyingAmerica 
BREAKING: holy shit! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Whoa....Trump just got Israel to agree to recognize Palestine as a sovereign state. This is everything the left has ever wanted. Israel creates hard border and Palestine become a sovereign nation. The left will screwed this still!!! #tdsisreal 
: San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested : San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. 
I agree with @mehdirhasan Democrats should call the republicans bluff. We all know they won’t agree to it so it will further confirm their attempts at a cover up. Raise your hands if you agree? 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' putem korisnika 
Not that any of @SenateGOP care. But a girl can dream. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
🚨🚨🚨🚨 has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Sen. Warner: GOP hasn't proven why Hunter Biden would be as relevant a witness as Amb. Bolton 
This is a very good read! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says Pandering taken to an exponential 
Super Bowl LIV: George Kittle looking forward to facing ex-Iowa teammates 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff 
"Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report" 
@realDonaldTrump Could not have said it any better!! Obama is stilling!! Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Your boy is taking a vacation from Infowars so please check out tonight #FishingForRobots #Hunting #GoGoCosplay #HealthyRecipes #AmReading @DNRRTs #Freebies #DesignThinking #Tunisia #Javascript @FlyRts #AmWriting #Catgirl @LaZy_RTs #Jobs 
@HawleyMO Lev Parnas needs to be called as a witnesses! 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
Queers everywhere are out of control. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
A great big tunnel? Under the great big wall? A surface highway is Stoopid. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@donlemon; @cnn; You had your fun laughing at us and now you back track? Sorry - Not buying it. Maybe you will be more careful when Trump and republicans are elected in 2020. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Dr. Oz on coronavirus outbreak: Chinese leaders' new comments 'alarming' FUCKKKKKKKK 
This is the type of leader we want to see in the White House. #12Days #IACaucus 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@ThisLifeIsMine1 @no_silenced @PattyMurray I see you're a #QAnon nutter. Don't you ever get tired of being WRONG? In impeachment hearings, even the GOP's witnesses are hurting Trump 
@jaysekulow just sealed his legacy as a liar. Thank God the true self is revealed by his own mouth. He can't take anything back now. McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
@ @realDonaldTrump Remember Trump revealed his true thoughts about abortion when running for President. This from a man who has been accussed of sexual assault, is a serial cheater and golfs on Sunday rather than practicing any sort of faith. 
Speech &amp; article filled with #alternativesfacts AKA lies! Thanks protestors! #WildwoodRally #WitnessesAndDoucuments Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees #imwithher going to get ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ re-elected ⁦@SenSanders⁩ 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' | 
Gun rights activists rally against gun control legislation in Richmond 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Trump trial ‘disaster’: See Ken Starr ‘punch himself in the face’ on Senate floor 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
#JohnBolton 's Former Chief of Staff Fred #Fleitz Says: Ambassador #Bolton, Withdraw Your Book #TuesdayThoughts 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | 
Stupid Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
" Take her out" Is something a mob boss would say 
Trump's tweet is being analyzed by legal experts: Trump stands accused of attacking Democrats and the impeachment trial following the initial evidence presented by Adam Schiff, whom the Trump called in a tweet, ‘conman Adam Schiff.’ Edited 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
“Get rid of her! Get her out tomorrow. I don’t care. Get her out tomorrow. Take her out. Okay? Do it.” @realDonaldTrump, Mobster-In-Chief 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
@tribelaw No one’s calling? You are kidding me? They are working three jobs and you want them to call you? Here’s what they think, take a look at this poll... 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt / we the people are sick and tired of the donkey dung!!!!! 💩🦨. Trump 2020 🙏🏼🇺🇸😘👍 
'Antiques Roadshow' Airforce Vietnam Vet floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
It’s @realDonaldTrump fault #Trumpspeech #TrumpRallyWildwood 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" @SSWorks @AARPadvocates @AARP @aarpillinois THIS MONEY BELONGS TO US! WE’VE PAID INTO THIS! 
NFL tries to dispel mystery around sideline medical tent 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
WATCH: ‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense. #inners 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
.@MaddowBlog: Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Pres. Trump. #ENDEGO 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Nine months left to go, the people should judge," Feinstein said, according to the paper, alluding to the 2020 presidential election. "We are a republic, we are based on the will of the people -- the people should judge.” 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House @carlitos1777 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Maybe it's because we are fed up with them bashing the President instead of being grateful Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Hosted By MFrazz: Puppy Bowl 2020: Where to watch and what to know 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Trump !!!!💪🏽🇺🇸 
Sounds about right ... Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ It doesn’t stop! LOL! Isn’t it embarrassing? 
🇮🇱🇺🇸Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
The irrepressible and indefatigable @HardballChris has a new podcast: "So You Wanna Be President?" As he told the @PhillyInquirer, "What I really wanted it to be like is longtime Washington veterans out for a drink one night, sharing campaign stories." 
"It’s against this backdrop that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has crafted a blueprint for the trial that appears designed to ensure that Donald Trump wins and the Senate loses." 
.@HardballChris notes that Trump’s legal defense team and GOP lawmakers didn’t defend Trump’s behavior with Ukraine. Former Senator Barbara Boxer says that, “They cannot defend someone who clearly abused his power.” 
"The volume is going to much higher — there will be yelling, there will be passionate gesticulation on the floor ... but the substance will be next to zero," @Lawrence says of Pres. Trump's upcoming legal defense. "They simply do not have facts to argue." 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@ingloriousBOH @CBSNews @JoeBiden @edokeefe @BernieSanders Hmmm, conveniently left this part out which Biden was pushing Obama to do. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed'.We will see what the Senators do nothing the republicans have said has changed my mind. Caught sleeping really at Senate trial. IVote do you? Call ur representatives. If ur even watching. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script - @GoogleNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses @SenatorTimScott 
@Jim_Jordan Polls show that Americans want to hear from witnesses. Why won't the GOP call them? Why doesn't the GOP present evidence? Do they have any witnesses to call and evidence to present? Looks like they don't have a case. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@gpswenson Yes. We like to watch full episodes. It looks like currently there are not any recent (last 10-11 days) full Rachel Maddow episodes on and/or on the app #msnbc #maddow 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@MarshaBlackburn Claire McCaskill answered last night. #11th hour 
Ingraham: The Bolton red herring | Video 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' #hmm 
President Trump denies new details from Bolton’s upcoming book saying aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats including the Bidens. 
@DearAuntCrabby Agreed 🤝 and then there is this tidbit. 
Take this poll: 
Angry mob attacks #Mexico mayor over unfulfilled campaign promises MIRAMESTO @querre1 
So, while ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ waste time with their sham impeachment, ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is showing leadership on the world stage. #MAGA2020 Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away" 
@senatemajldr says he does not have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. Seriously? How could anyone, much less Senate Repubs listening to the defense completely gut the House managers case think more witnesses are needed to make up their mind. 
How long will the Senate impeachment trial take? 
@xenochimp42 @senrobportman Or try this... 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
“Mary Louise Kelly has always conducted herself with the utmost integrity, and we stand behind this report," NPR's Senior Vice President for News Nancy Barnes said Saturday, following Sec. Pompeo's statement. 
Rep. Schiff tells @maddow the questions he would like to ask Republican senators in the Senate impeachment trial: "Do you agree John Bolton has relevant testimony? And if you do, why don't you want to hear it?" 
“Republican senators, prioritizing Trump’s needs over the rule of law and the search for truth, will continue to resist calling Bolton to testify. This would make a mockery of the process, and turn the impeachment trial into a punch-line for a sad joke...” 
Parnas exchanged texts with FL Gov. DeSantis WSJ report alleges 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
Schiff is great #ConvictTrump #MoscowMitch #WhitewashMitch #TrumpUkraine #TrumpRussia 
Her low standard, now Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally. 100K ticket requests, lines around the block, lines at 2 A.M. f/Trump. Media schills like Lemon continue to make fun of Trump supporters, even as their number grows. 
Latino Victory Fund PAC endorses possible congressional Latino firsts in Kansas, Indiana 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
@LindseyGrahamSC Sounds like you were out in the hall eating snacks while they played your video Lindsey... Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Will the fake news msm report that former dem, Rep. Van Drew, who switched from the dem party to the Republican Party a few weeks ago, will join President Trump at his rally in NJ? Actually, it’s a rhetorical question because we all know the answer. 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown #ImpeachAndRemove #WitnessesAndDocuments 
CNN's Don Lemon accused of assault in sexually charged encounter at New York bar 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished | 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
"Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant" 
Trump allies talk up Bernie Sanders as his numbers surge in Iowa 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton YOU MUST "HAVE" CREDIT, TO DISCREDIT! WH aint got 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
@AmandiOnAir @ @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve Here it is - they need a better headline for the video though. 
We should become media buyers. No need to show breakdowns. Wonder if money launderers considered this. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
"Last year, Bolton and Barr had a discussion in which Bolton said he was concerned about the president's relationships with dictators around the world." — Michael Schmidt of the NY Times discusses a report on John Bolton's concerns with Pres. Trump. 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | 
Rep. McCarthy: They have the transcript, they don't need anything more 
@Raven8583 @LisaG724 @TheRightColumn @SenSchumer @SenateDems However, Josh Hawley (R-MO) has already written a letter calling on both Bidens, Adam Schiff (who is a fact witness) the whistleblower and others to testify. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
New Jersey is an unexpected microcosm. 
Today's homepage features 31 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
I agree with the statements in this article regarding the performance of @realDonaldTrump's attorneys. "Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' Clown News Network 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" I once thought better of Pompeo, but he's a fat fuck TRump puppet. Where have the republician patriots gone? Are they all compromised by TRump? 
Well the Democrats continue to hate trying to destroy our president, he’s making deals that protects our country and keeps us safe.......Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Justice Department suing five companies over robocalls" FOX NEWS 
Puerto Rico shocked by magnitude 5.9 earthquake causing further damage to island 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Lots of topic discussed. 54 minutes in, they talk about how "they rigged it" against Bernie, &amp; that Bernie was who 45 was most afraid of, how "the millennials were right there" &amp; 20% of Bernie supporters voted for 45. @tomperez @dnc should listen. 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight @RepVanDrew TO JOIN #TRUMP RALLY?? Was there not just a tape with #VanDrew stating he’s voting to impeach?? Careful for the info being put out😦 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Seriously, why would any1 care about the embarrassment to Jeff by 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' Thank you ⁦@TomCottonAR⁩ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#LimpLindsey was all mimsy 
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
Watch this @ roundup of analysis from the Senate impeachment trial amid new Bolton revelations. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"That's a game changer." - Rep. Lofgren on new Bolton revelations 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@donlemon⁩ Despite your vicious attack on Americans, we still support ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ will get him re-elected. #LatinosForTrump ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Senate GOP confident effort to shut down calls for witnesses, evidence will be ‘victorious’ 
What is the problem GOP???McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump allies talk up Bernie Sanders as his numbers surge in Iowa 
Republicans want to steal Social Security so the poor and middle class will end up funding another massive tax cut for the super wealthy. 
@pnjaban: President Trump’s team brought not only tactics but also a compelling overarching theme – the context of the extended and a historically partisan impeachment spectacle in an election year when the people themselves can decide in nine months. 
@RepLeeZeldin @RepLeeZeldin you need to listen to this you will note Trump asking Parnas how long would Ukraine last in the war with Russia without US aid. Parnas says without us 30 sec. so Trump not only withheld aid he knew they were screwed without it. #RightMatters 
THANK YOU @POTUS. Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
💰For Good Karma Donate To This Twitter Account On CashApp $atomic811 So I Can Buy Bitcoin:💰 "NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack" 
For the record, I hate it when places like hotels, airports, and amusement parks use this extortion method. 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Like I was saying! "Republican state AGs make a curious case against Trump's impeachment" 
McConnell Can you hear us now!!! 
Florida man attempts to hide underwater from cops, gets arrested after coming up for air, police say #floridaman 
Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth finalize #divorce: report | 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say 
THE DNC has Socialist ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ number again. Probably b/c they don’t want to be become the Socialist National Party. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
If [ONLY] this was An Actual DEMOCRACY.. BUT We Have "Middle Men" to Run Shit Through.. 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
@Bewillysodak @BobSaysThings1 @VP @realDonaldTrump @AmericanLegion I believe U when you say your VA hosp does not ban religious items but unfortunately that’s not true for other VA Hosp. The VP said what he said because this was happening. Explanation of what happened 
Got your boy @realDonaldTrump on tape, @GOP. BuT I DOnT KnoW HiM 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Trump allies talk up Bernie Sanders as his numbers surge in Iowa 
@realDonaldTrump FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
: Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan. @GoogleNews 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This has nothing to do with religion. One word for them “animals “. 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January . To #FakeNews #EnemyOfThePeople #DemocratShills @CNN @CNNPolitics @cnnbrk @Acosta @donlemon @JakeTapper @andersoncooper @ananavarro @brianstelter @donie. #KAG 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial ‘at least’ as seriously as traffic court 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
House Managers dismiss: Ukraine LE Official saying he worked w/US Embassy; Black Ledger; 2 jailed; &amp; Jan 2019 Politico article. GOP saying Ukraine interfered in US Election ≠ dismissng Russia's; Putin's claim Ukraine interfered ≠ propaganda alone. 
Susan Collins has been playing this game for too long. I hope the voters in Maine correct this problem. 'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
"The kind of topsy-turvy approach to the rule of law and the willingness to so many ... to acquiesce to these excesses, I think, suggests that we might be on the road to this being a different country." - NAACP Legal Defense Fund President Sherrilyn Ifill 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial Adam Schiff is a LIAR! 
We are certain of this Trump is a liar. Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
As Democratic Prosecutors presented their second day of arguments on abuse of presidential power, Trump broke his personal record for most tweets in a day. Could this be a sign of "huge frustration?" @AriMelber breaks down today's key takeaways. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
@SenThomTillis How much were you paid to lie? How much were you paid to stonewall this constitutional procedure? How much were you paid to disregard your oath? Polls show sizable public support for Trump's impeachment 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@realDonaldTrump Outstanding Rally in Wildwood, New Jersey! Keep America Great! HUGE Win in 2020!!! 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
President Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' the App raaaaaacist 
@MariaBartiromo @LindseyGrahamSC @SundayFutures @FoxNews @RepDougCollins @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe @TGowdySC @RepMarkMeadows If you ignore this you ARE complicit “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
👍😹👋💋🌈🌹💯"Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Former GOP strategist Rick Wilson says Pres. Trump's angry six-page letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi bolsters a narrative that the country cannot take another four years with him in the White House. 
Ooh Donnie! I thought you said you didn't know Lev Parnes! Lier Lier pants on fire!🤥🤥🤥 What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? @NBCNews 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet From Discover on Google 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source WE DO NOT WANT WITNESSES. WRAP IT UP AND LETS MOVE ON! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ...for CORRUPTION?!? No! Not in Pelosi’s city. 😂 HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN FIRED...given the filth in SF’s streets! 🇺🇸 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
@StarTribune From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@reilyseanconn @JoeBiden @BernieSanders @ewarren @MikeBloomberg 2 can play this game. 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment | 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Schiff%20calls%20Trump%20%27vindictive%27%20after%20president%27s%20Twitter%20attacks 
"Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia" #MoscowMitch and fellow comrade conspirators will have this and many more questionable actions taken for the history books to readout about these times in America. When money trumps oath to Constitution 
I’m not who I show I am... go grab some balls lemon or is that not you too??? Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"Friday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.24.20" 
Good Morning Occupier! What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? @NBCNews 
Bring it! GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
@DNCWarRoom Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after #BoltonBombshell ‘neither "abuse of power" nor "obstruction of justice" was remotely close to an impeachable offense as the framers had intended.’ 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain. Susan Rice a person I trust. Hmmm, Interesting points she has always been honest. She has always used her knowledge the right way for are citizens to be safe. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
I LOVE my POTUS, but I must point out that he made a MAJOR mistake in judgment teaming up with "The Walrus" John Bolton. This man should be brought up on WAR CRIMES for helping start the 2003 Iraq war and general WAR MONGERING, damn HEATHEN! 😬 #MAGA🇺🇸🇺🇸 
@HawleyMO @jaketapper Sounds good because neither the above are hiding documents and facts. Trump and republicans on the other hand... 
“If you can’t even rise to the challenge of trying to defend your client,” NBC News legal analyst Glenn Kirschner said on NBC News Now, “it becomes painfully obvious that the emperor has no defense." 
SPREAD THE WORD: We're Getting Played: All of the Democrat impeachment managers in @realDonaldTrump Senate trial -- voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine! 
"We have evidence here... that [Pres. Trump] is aware of the fact that Ukraine very much needs American military assistance," says Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, of audio appearing to show Trump asking Parnas about the value of US aid to Ukraine. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Some parts of us as illegal Muslim hate against gays and women with Sharia Cult laws enforced.- Michigan police won’t go into area 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: "I believe John Bolton." 
This coward....ugh BREAKING Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
"(C)andidates and elected officials would be wise to take a page out of (Gov Edwards’) political playbook. Criminal justice reform can be both winning policy and winning politics anywhere in the country." 
let's have new hersey go red!! Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump's legal team seems unprepared 
@AdamSchiff says Trump's defense team made effective case for John Bolton's testimony | NO BECAUSE: Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
@realDonaldTrump You’re a liar and a criminal which may be ok with @FLOTUS but it’s not for the rest of America. Resign. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador @NBCNews #WitnessesAndDocuments #ncpol #nc 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 3 fuking morons 
.@MaddowBlog: Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Pres. Trump. 
How dangerous could John Bolton possibly be for Trump? #11thHour 
@csrqueenb The video Jack Kingston getting taking down ... for lying on national television 
Trump has no defense against his impeachment trial! He needs to realize that he is impeached for life and will always carry that Legacy as being the third president in the history of the USA to ever have that Legacy!👍😳🤮🤬 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
I wonder how much the PLA and CAIR are paying her? FBI needs to look into her contacts with terrorist organizations. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
the @gop is trying to do everything in its power to protect a GUILTY @realDonaldTrump . In november we need to show them the power comes from the American people and vote these scumbags out of office! #VoteBlue 
Oh @senatemajldr I'm sorry you are saddled with swamp rats like @MittRomney And @lisamurkowski In the end, I hope the Dems suffer. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | #CANTmakeThisUp CNN COVERS UP SEXUAL ASSAULT BY DON LEMON 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
This started with Swift Boat &amp; they realized they could smear anyone, then they did it to Their own with John McCain 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
What a shocker!!! Well next will be @SpeakerPelosi San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns" 
Everything in these rules is rigged: Sen. Schumer 
Was there any doubt what the elitest think of you and I ? 
Sen. Warner: "Anyone would be hard pressed to say why you wouldn't want to have John Bolton, who was in the room with the president, that could clear up a lot of these questions ... suggesting Hunter Biden, you gotta still prove a case of relevance." 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', 'made points for us' 
Deadly coronavirus likely to spread, China warns as U.S. prepares to evacuate staff 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders Jack’s opinion: Bolton wants revenge on Trump for being fired and needs to sell books. He has made excrement of his reputation. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
Did this jihad Jane marry her brother too? If so kick her whining hiney out of the USA! 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Also: "Why the GOP’s manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable." 
From - Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here'/ Don't Hold Your Breath Sean! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
You can tell who did not study history in grade school. We never had WW3-5. Please tell me how this stupid ass man got to WW6? If y'all don't get this man! 
Newt Gingrich: Pelosi's impeachment 'vaccinated' Trump 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
"Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal" FOX NEWS 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador | January 25, 2020 #news 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon #FireDonLemon 
Is it really the “Deal of the Century?” @realDonaldTrump unveils a new plan for peace in the Middle East, but the White House proposal faces familiar challenges and an uphill battle. @TreyYingst joins today’s #FOXNewsRundown to explain. Listen on: 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Kelly told an audience: "John's an honest guy. He's a man of integrity and great character ... If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton." 
@LindseyGrahamSC NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches... 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution #SenateTrial 
Schiff criticizes the possibility of a witness trade during impeachment 22JAN20 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day 
I'm looking forward to working with my friends Jon Stewart and John Feal on legislation to help victims of burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan. We were successful in our efforts to help 9/11 responders—and I have faith that we can help these vets too. 
Many Fav Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling!🤗🥰Thank goodness because DJT's even coming after Grannys' Social Security &amp; Kid's Snap &amp; School Lunches! OMG!No one is safe from him if he gets away with high crimes &amp; gets next term! UNITE BLUE🤗 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to run Dem convention #tcot 
Trump caught on tape ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch to a man he claims not to know 
GM @TeamWarren @IndivisibleNet @supermajority The Des Moines Register executive editor on why it endorsed Warren 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been &gt; @AmbJohnBolton @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept &gt; Bolton, getting PAID to LIE for the Democrats.... 
Why do you want to Block witnesses? #TheView @BreitbartNews @GOP #ImpeachedForLife #ImpeachmentTrials 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Lying CNN 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20 
Chris Matthews telling it. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" Donald Trump, a moron surrounded by morons. @realDonaldTrump @Jim_Jordan @PressSec @GOPLeader @GOPLeader @senatemajldr @seanhannity @DevinNunes 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Does GOP also lacks the votes to call on BIDENS, PAUL PELOSI to come and testify before the Senate chamber. Since Bolton Script is so important to go by, wouldn't RUDY GUILIANI'S script about the BIDENS be also far more important too? #SenateMustCallRUDY! 
No 💩💩💩💩💩 @SenAngusKing Our President has been a liar and a criminal for a long time. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
House Judiciary Cmte. Chairman Nadler says he will miss a day of President Trump's impeachment trial because of his wife's treatment for pancreatic cancer. 
He doesn't know Lev...just some dude at fundraisers who got pics w/ Trump...except that he was in a very exclusive kind of meeting, discussing Yovanovich...but he hardly knew the guy... 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you - 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Stop every dam plane from China from entering the United States. 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Holocaust survivor meets American soldier who helped liberate her from concentration camp..WHY DIDNT HE LOOK HER IN THE EYE??? 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you.#socialism 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Justin Timberlake, Jessica Biel's marriage is in better place after Alisha Wainwright scandal: report 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
Kobe Bryant reportedly attended Catholic mass hours before crash 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@realDonaldTrump ALL Americans must listen to this! 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch #Topbuzz 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump @AltNellGwyn 
Springhill Middle school Teaching that allah is God! Springhill middle school 1-931-451-1531. Maybe they should know how you feel about this! There is no God but Allah'? School accused of Islamic indoctrination 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
.@DrJasonJohnson: "One thing that Americans understand– they don't like cheaters. What this trial has established is that Donald Trump is a cheater in a way that we're not used to." 
Just another reminder that not all cultures are equal. Some are still very barbaric. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' I knew it.. what does he have on them, why are they sooooo scared of him? 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
What? 😂😂😂 Is he trying to out do Trump with Ice Cream Headlines? 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought There hasnt been any evidence produced yet. Just a bunch of blowhards preaching their opinions &amp; using other peoples opinions as facts.schiff read 2 call transcripts. Nothing 
Fearing Bolton’s testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes #SmartNews 
U.S. Health Secretary Alex Azar states that #PRC #China government has refused continued offers from #USA to send #CDC officials to China to help with #nCoV2019 #Coronavirus outbreak responses. (Also be useful for CDC to update public on U.S. cases) 
Wednesday’s Mini-Report, 1.22.20 
"African-American pastor’s incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters" FOX NEWS 
@POTUS Please consider recognizing this former homeless man... a hero during the El Paso Walmart shooting last August. He rescued a baby and other people during the rampage. Giving a medal to a former homeless person would be an occasion never before seen. 
@Mr_Jitters #AudioRecording appears to show conversation between Parnas and Trump about Ukraine ambassador 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
I agree he should apologize, but he won't. No one in Trump land apologizes for anything. Steve Hilton calls on Secretary Pompeo to apologize after profanity-laced tirade against NPR reporter 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
"Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | " 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Good news: Fox fears @CoryGardner will flip on #impeachment &amp; hold @realDonaldTrump accountable. Bad news: He won’t. 
Democracy 2020 Digest: Tulsi shreds on New Hampshire slopes -- WATCH 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 🤔🤔 WHY? Huge problem!! #ChinaTravelBan immediately!! What are they hiding? And WHY? #ProtectAmerica 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
All the president's (indicted) men 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #YangSurge 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Trump scorches potential Senate witness @AmbJohnBolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’. But this is the guy @TheDemocrats want. 
@realDonaldTrump You're all done!!! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Watch Palestinians will reject it Palestinians don’t want a 2 state solution. The want Israel to cease to exist. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
"When Trump confronts scandal, projection remains his go-to move" 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Is it a sign when you and your two best friends live @ three of the five cities on the list? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested - Another Democrat, anyone surprised? 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
⁦@chrislhayes⁩ on Congressional Republican hypocrisy 
@senatemajldr The American people certainly hope so. A trial deserves witnesses &amp; documents. 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
@JRubinBlogger LINDSEY and Durham warming up in the bullpen (what is it with baseball references these days). pssssssst: you forgot pompeo, making that poor, poor, poor, no skin reporter, CRY real tears! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial ANY DEM IN TRUMP HELD DISTRICTS WHO VOTES FOR WITNESSES NEEDS TO BE VOTED OUT IN 2020!! 
Miniature horse rides San Francisco BART train As Arty Feldman used to say on #Laughin , “Very interesting but stupid”. #SanFrancisco is going to the dogs..I mean horses. ⁦@RushLimbaughEIB⁩ ⁦radio⁩ 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law WTF? @CreepingSharia 
Rachel Maddow shares audio first published by ABC News that appears to show @realDonaldTrump ordering the removal Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch as part of an exchange with Lev Parnas. #TrumpsRemovalTrial Watch: 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally | 
@Morning_Joe Mainstream Media continues to bow down to #CitizensUnited +fails to recognize the plotting #JohnBoltonSuperPac He's a self-proclaimed warmongering liar +used #CambridgeAnalytical to study mind control +brainwashing w/goals of presidential run 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse Oh, lookeee 
God Bless America and Israel 🙏🇺🇸🇮🇱♥️🙏🇺🇸🇮🇱🙏♥️ WATCH LIVE: Trump, Netanyahu announce Mideast peace plan 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script You better find the votes Mitch! ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
IF ANYBODY CAN DO IT, ⁦PRESIDENT TRUMP CAN!!! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ BEST PRESIDENT EVER! #BestPresidentEver45 Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Happening now.😎Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang great interview with one of my favs @KatyTurNBC . Would love to hear her opinion of him. 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" - Sen. King 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Get these barbaric muslims out of our planet 
Everyone everywhere be careful. Limit contact to those who u come in contact with. Be safe America! Coronavirus cases in Arizona, California push US tally to 5 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Jason Johnson: "One thing that Americans understand– they don't like cheaters. What this trial has established is that Donald Trump is a cheater in a way that we're not used to." 
Kind of like "deplorables" from Hillary. How did that worknout.? Get this bigoted a-hole off the air. : CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes'. @GoogleNews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial #AAG #AAG2020 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ Dont we all?!! 
Opinion | Barbara McQuade: Trump's impeachment trial defense hinges on 6 arguments. They can all be rebutted. - @NBCNewsTHINK 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Fidget%20spinners,%20sketching,%20books:%20How%20senators%20are%20entertaining%20themselves%20during%20the%20trial @nbcnews #FidgetSpinner 👍🤣🍸 
McConnell moves to lockdown press for Trump trial 
⁦⁦⁦@YasmineTaeb⁩ called @POTUS a racist. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
Just keeps getting better and better. 
@jadediva760 @MailOnline Breaking Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | By Steve Benen 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
This is a SICK culture. To HELL with #Sharia law! #Indonesia Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
The county needs a coup Unfortunately the good would go down with the bad, but.... Clean Slate. They don’t #respect their own constitution or constituents. Take them out. 
LISTEN: TODAY, 1/28 @ 3:05 pm, ET @Project21News member on @971FMTalk with @anniefreyshow to discuss: 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' CNN THE HOME OF THE WICKED 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' - -This is what they think about us...imagine what 4 more years will do to their mental stability VOTE @realdonaldtrump 2020 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @senatemajldr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FuckTheGOP #IMPOTUS When Trump says something’s ‘ahead of schedule,’ look out #SmartNews 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
I'd love to have opportunity to spend a few minutes in a room with this tweaker. 😡 
Trump is quoting the headline of Penn's piece, which Fox &amp; Friends promoted before interviewing him. Left, Fox &amp; Friends, 7:18 a.m. Right, Trump, 8:20 a.m. 
@DOI78784681 @BernieSanders wrong: 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing | 
BREAKING: Plane carrying U.S. evacuees from China amid #coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base. 
Good Lord and women in the United States complain about the littlest things. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
PUTIN BRAGS ABOUT DESTROYING AMERICA,TRUMP SHOULD'VE have been impeached 4 treason when he degraded your own intelligence service &amp; officially announced that he trusted more in what Putin told him then his own Generals &amp; board appointed Heads of State!#VB 
Chuck Schumer: Republicans were fixated on Schiff during powerful close 
McCaskill: Trump’s lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Whenever the Trump defenders bring up the Bidens, just play this for them. Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
What is the new coronavirus? Here's what we know about it. 
⁦@POTUS LIED ⁩ Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 1 
F you, ever-lying MSNBullshitC 
Tricky Ricky Perry is so crooked he can't even walk straight. I called the FBI on him 3 times but I no the FBI thought I was just a crazy old woman...I just wish all my documents weren't lost in a fire. 
Why do we always have to save the middle East? They need to figure it out themselves. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Me too movement were are the pussyhats PROTESTERS Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Al Sharpton: Parnas tape 'very bad' for Trump: Rev. Al Sharpton notes that the recently released Lev Parnas tape shows that the president did know who Parnas was despite his previous statements. Sharpton says it’s “very bad for the president.” 
Here we go..democrats at break..start to say Chief Justice should rule if witnesses are relevant..ie..taking power from gop senators. An insult.@SenatorCollins @senatemajldr Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' #wethepeople #callwitnesses 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
trump may finally get an academy award for BEST TRAITOR 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
even a murdering,theiving, rapist con artist can get out of accountability with a few well paid lawyers . 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
09:19 when we would vote to eliminate affordable healthcare, they just sat there. They where perfectly fine with it. Högern är och förblir as 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Here we go again another person’s interpretation of what they think somebody else’s words were how many more millions of dollars I was going to let the Democratic Party spend🐍 
@CollinsWatch @nbcsnl ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
Here's more about the series I helped produce with all the good people at @in2itivecontent. #WhatsEatingAmerica 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
🍾👏 Congratulations @ShannonBream &amp; night Record ratings for Miss Bream in January! -@BDOH Be sure to watch THE LIVING BREAM M-F 11pm ET on ! 
@SenWarren Women can make it happen...just not you or any of the women running for POTUS this year! Stay in the Senate...you're a strong needed voice there. ‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP’s Blunt says a bit too much 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Mark Penn: Trump impeachment is an unproductive exercise in political rage – It’s time to end trial | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
WATCH: @Morning_Joe reflects on the life and NBA legacy of Kobe Bryant. @WillieGeist: "It's a stunning gut punch on so many levels." 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | paper 
Sen. Merkley: I absolutely want Lev Parnas to testify in Senate 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Trump lawyers: Impeachment is 'attack' on Americans right to choose their president 
Monday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.27.20 
@Zander82980473 @CNN What? No. CNN would never do that. 
“Even as the impeachment trial is underway, Trump is still talking about cutting your... 
Who is Gov. Whitmer? The spoiled daughter of former ultra wealthy Blue Cross Blue Shield CEO &amp; way over her head. ⁦@gretchenwhitmer⁩ Who is Michigan Democratic Governor Gretchen Whitmer? 
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump The House process that the #GOP now calls a #Sham (private hearings) ironically is the EXACT SAME PROCESS THE GOP USED for its #Benghazi hearings. And defended at the time as necessary and proper procedure. 
Chris Matthews on message to GOP senators: 'Not only did [Trump] do this... he will keep doing it' - - 
@JanetMI2018 @cisham68 @JoeBiden Democratic socialism is NOT the same as socialism. Educate yourself. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Trump says he avoided 'World War Six' by not listening to Bolton 
'Give America a fair shot': On third day of opening statements, the case on obstruction 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed #SmartNews 
The UK, like California is a great example of how liberals destroy everything they touch. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
.@RepValDemings: ‘Take her out’ line usually comes from the mouths of mobsters @amjoyshow 
Show them what ya'll really think....Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
🤔😳🤭China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
What the Hell? 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
This is the most funniest WTH/WTF moment to date in donald trump defense of impeachment ken starr defense team .🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂 check it out👇🏽👇🏽👇🏽👇🏽 Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@justus_joey @ProudAmerican82 @SteveGuest @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @WajahatAli @TheRickWilson He should have been impeached on day one, so yeah people talked about that. Incidentally 
⁦@MittRomney⁩ . John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@realDonaldTrump Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Melber: 'Constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
@realDonaldTrump Reminder Trump’s newly proposed budget proposes spending $26 billion less on Social Security programs, including a $10 billion cut to the Social Security Disability Insurance program. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
BEST PRESIDENT EVER ✅🇺🇸✅🇺🇸✅🇺🇸✅🇺🇸✅🇺🇸 Trump Unveils Middle East Plan With Two-State Solution. 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 What could now Rashid's excuse to hate America ⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️ 
Today on : Jan. 29, 2020 #breaking #news #foxnews 
What a mooch ! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves Pencil neck deserves to be in village pillary- along w pelosi, schummer , waters, and rest of the corrupt Dems 
Please share this post. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
From Discover on Google yeah because its a station that pushes racism and lies and those who tune in are like minded this says a lot about white people in this country not a surprise just confirmation 18yrs straight good to know. 
: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table... 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' #SmartNews Truth hurts! 
That gasping sound is all of middle America being completely shocked by this news . . . 🤔 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been | 
"The answer is simple. Bolton wanted war with Iran. He's always wanted war with Iran. He's obsessed with it...In the end...he didn't get it. Trump blocked him at the brink of more than one conflict. Bolton finally left amid well-deserved humiliation." 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet | 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
British police use Dolly Parton Challenge to find wanted suspects 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that #tcot 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Sounds like China is trying to hide something...........China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
@GotJACKd @jasonMAGAsmith Trump was asked to participate in the House hearings. He refused. 
Let's focus on the billionaire turned public servant, and ignore the public servants turned multi-millionaires. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters | . Probably released before Trump made the video into a political funny. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion “Sen Minority Leader ChuckSchumer, D-N.Y., had provided a ticket for Parnas, according to documents Parnas filed with the court.” Of course he did. 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ The Republican Party will hold them responsible. The voters will have the final say. Maybe not today, but they will not forget. 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." Watch: 
Donna Brazile expects record-high turnout for Iowa caucuses #AAG #AAG2020 
Romney: 'I'd like to hear from John Bolton' 
Hey Don @donlemon how is your defence against sexual assault charges going??? 
@CounterBull @stephiesta @FleurduMonde @philippemeow @krystalball @TulsiGabbard @BernieSanders "Clinton attended 27 rallies in support of the Obama campaign, attended 11 fundraisers in support of her former rival, and delivered speeches on Obama's behalf to a variety of groups,..." 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Food And Wine Top story: Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation see more 
Sen. Kennedy: Bias from Parnas and Bolton is pretty obvious 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party | #TuesdayMotivation #TrumpRallyNJ 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators he doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses | 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
A lengthy audio recording released by Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, appears to show a 2018 dinner at which Donald Trump interacts with donors and supporters, including Parnas. @cherijacobus @TheDemCoalition @TrueFactsStated 
Dear Alaska, do you really need a recipe for that? Study determines each state's most searched snack ahead of the Super Bowl 
RIP Chris Doleman 😕 
Fmr. Sen. Boxer says Republicans "cannot defend" President Trump because he "clearly abused his power." 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Look at all the crowds that show up at every Trump rally and see the rising against Democrats and the Swamp. That is why Democrats are scared snowflakes. Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Democrat hypocrite 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Most #viral News Now: Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
What brainiac thought this was a good idea?! #coronavirus Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@football_wiz The chick lied about and had another mans DNA in her. You obviously didn’t follow the story enough! 
* Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash #sadness #Unbelievable #Why #Without_You 
Several news outlets are currently reporting that Mitch McConnell said he doesn't yet have votes he would need. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Disgusting. Don’t go there #BoycottIndonesia 
PEACE BETWEEN ISRAEL AND PALESTINE US President Donald Trump unveils Middle East peace plan between Israel and Palestine with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. 
@T_S_P_O_O_K_Y AND the rest of that bar tale can be found here, and it stinks to high heavens, frowsy as hell--&gt;Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
Chris Matthews sizes up the 2020 field 
Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Biden pushes for witnesses in impeachment trial but says of his Ukraine role, 'What is there to defend?' 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
President Trump rages at Bolton, says the former adviser would have caused "World War Six." 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested for public corruption 
Obstruction of justice! Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them 
@realDonaldTrump Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
🔥Well done GOP🔥GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@MarshaBlackburn @politicalelle @FDRLST shame on you! 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
What an independent thinks. 
Pentagon contradicts Trump again, this time on Saudi Arabia 
@LindseyGrahamSC Nice video 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
To #GOP like #SusanCollins, #MittRomney, #LisaMurkowski who are going to side with the #Democrats. You will be voted out. You're #RINOS who need to be fired the first chance it happens. #ImpeachmentHoax #MAGA2020 #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid #coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sen. Durbin: "If we don’t have witnesses under oath speaking the truth to the American people – this is not a trial. All that you’ve seen is a presentation of some political theory, but it is not a trial." 
@SenAngusKing Well done Senator King, you need witnesses &amp; evidence. If this trial completes without those two things it will just conclude as a complete farce, perfectly orchestrated by trump and a win for the GOP. Look forward to hearing what your ideas are. 
Welp... #Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
@PressSec @PamBondi Great job @PamBondi defending POTUS! How does Trump create so many jobs? The same way he is the ONLY President since LBJ that can get a Two State solution &amp; a ME Peace deal! ALSO. 
Dear corrupt @tedcruz #Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
TO China? How about FROM China? British Airways suspends all flights to China amid #CoronaVirus fears. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
@IlhanMN @RashidaTlaib you two must be so proud of your brethren in Indonesia. This is what you want to import to the US. #HellNo 
@rickwtyler Have you seen this: Joe:%20It%20matters%20Trump%20said%20he%20wouldn%27t%20touch%20entitlements 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #sueSchumer #Defamation 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Polls show virtually all Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Poor Bernie - Hillary stabs him in the back AGAIN. Did he think 2020 was going to be clear sailing? The DNC will never allow him to be nominated. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
👏👏👏👏Just have the senate read his book and do a book report! Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
"Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela" FOX NEWS 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that | 
"Republican state AGs make a curious case against Trump's impeachment" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Seems we'll see witnesses, I just hope d coward GOP will call d spy whistleblower, Schiff and Biden are all brought to the stands? McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | ... SHAME ON THE WORTHLESS GOP! I HOPE ALL OF YOU ARE VOTED FROM OFFICE! ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake | Video 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
“the president may want people to believe he's "totally left it alone," but to the degree that reality matters,…” – 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
@BSteve515 @crummyworld @MikeRJohnson777 @putinsgay @CanuckCognizant @jasonbaum @BigTinyBird @Infantry0300 @cm_merlin @jasondmic @GoBigSteve1 @HoodlumRIP @WilliamFPeters2 @RobertCooper58 @jim1036 @TaggartRehnn @Defeat_Trump2 @DearAuntCrabby @airbagmoments @talks2you1 @nicole_bertrand @SoyBoyManBun @Doh_Doh_Burrd @Bill_Maxwell_ @geoff9cow @Tam_Resist @Lcars24 @ProudResister @cms36 @BobbyCr48838634 @BeaudoinCharlie @billyjack2016 @PuestoLoco @funder @Arriadna @YegRiverEdm @psychmd1 @mon_coeur_gay @DougDooganuchi @DesignationSix @BrienneOfSnark_ @BrianKarem @cecekat60 @DrGJackBrown @QuareFellas @joe_kidder2 @lLadyBing @Tmcguire_pa @McFaul @MarshaBlackburn Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
@lisamurkowski Demand witnesses. Do your job.Trump lies about knowing Lev Parnas. 
Liar, liar, pants on fire... 
#sourlemon #CNNTonight #CNNisTrash #DonLemon #SmackDown #karma #lockhimup on Lemon accused of assault in sexually charged encounter at New York bar 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
With the 🍊 #traitorInChief #criminalInChief #moroninchief #nutJobInChief #RussianAsset when the evidence of the #crimes is overwhelming Republicans always fall back to THIS "Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
Kobe Bryant’s business strategy aimed for ‘global footprint,’ focus on China @nbcnews 
Schiff on impeachment: Not calling witnesses 'deprives public of fair trial' 
@jstreetdotorg @AOC Here's your future for America. 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch - #GoogleAlerts 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
@political_toast @PNWRep @politico Copy this Poll for him. He blocked me. 🤣 
TAKE THEIR POLL, PLEASE. 
From Discover on Google 
CDC warns against traveling to China as death toll eclipses 100 
Good news everyone. Indonesia has become woke. They are now hiring females to whip women. 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador AND Trump solicits info on HOW LONG Ukraine can hold out against Russian incursion! #SHAMEFUL 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch | #cdnpoli #uspoli #bcpoli 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@RanWiz @Bill_Maxwell_ Don’t forget GOP trip to Russia 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
The head of PELOSI's SF Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been ARRESTED by the FBI, suspicion of PUBLIC CORRUPTION! MY GOD! How can ANYONE SUPPORT a Democrat knowing what they ALL DO! Even THIS💩 GUY 😡 
"Public flogging is also used against men and women found guilty of gambling, extramarital sex, and homosexuality, according to The Jakarta Post. The floggings can include more than 100 lashes; the victims sometimes faint from the pain. 
The Republican Party welcomes Jeff Van Drew! Turn New Jersey Red!!! @SpeakerPelosi Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Adam Schiff says Trump's defense team made effective case for John Bolton's testimony #AAG #AAG2020 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Deranged creature admits to obstruction of justice in public. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
This isn’t from today, but this guy, Mark Meadows, tried to claim that coercing a foreign power to falsely slander a political opponent is not what the impeachment power applies to. !!! Top GOP lawmaker clashes over Trump's guilt in Senate trial 
@TheRealShenna @realDonaldTrump Really 
We urgently need climate-adaptation actions to prevent further losses in tropical forest and coral reef biodiversity - by @cbenkwitt @jamespwr @naj_graham @Erika_Berenguer @Alexander_Lees @joice1ferreira2 @JosBarlow 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' I hope Schumer gets sued! He is a Narcissistic Pathological Liar! 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Finally, a voice in the wilderness! #MittRomney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
🔥For heaven’s sake! We have 53 Republican Senators! They need to stick together! We can’t drag this out another month! Let’s get it over with!🔥HEY, .⁦@SenateGOP⁩ THE DEMS WILL NEVER BE SATISFIED! If they get one witness we need the WB and Schiff! 
Poll: Record economy ratings, as half say Senate should remove Trump 
Another badge of honor for @NPRKelly &amp; @michelekelemen, and another low blow at reporters doing their jobs #GettingItDone #nprnews 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
Magnitude 7.7 #EARTHQUAKE strikes between Cuba, Jamaica #GPWX 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Chuck Schumer says he understands why Mitch McConnell and President Trump want short, rush impeachment trial #AAG #AAG2020 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
From Discover on Google 
Family attorney for toddler who died from Royal Caribbean fall says ship was 'not compliant' with 'industry standard' 🙏🏼🙏🏼 
"Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away" 
RIP Soldiers:( 2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@marklevinshow They say we are the average of the five people we sorraund our selves with. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House /r/politics 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify he’s absolutely right. Mitt and the rest of them should check themselves and do the right thing. 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump. Well Joe &amp; Mika. Great polls forImpeachment trial. Do the People have a voice. Roar like a lion Folks. ❤️🇺🇸 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters ⁦@donlemon⁩ fucking dumb ass 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down,... 
The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
@karolcummins @MingGao26 💥💥💥 kaboom !! Last 2 mns of video THE VERY REASON OF ALL THESE #Ukrainegate 
@realDonaldTrump @WHO @CDCgov Wouldn’t it be wise to keep these people on home quarantine over the next 2 weeks being the #coronaravirus has an incubation period in which it is contagious? #CoronaVirusUS 
You can’t make this stuff up, Holly-Weird couldn’t have made a better soap-opera. The American people are done with this nonsense. It time for the Senate 2b the adults in the room, end this charade. @SenateGOP @SenateDems #SenateImpeachmentTrial 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas: When faced with high winds, up to 20-foot waves and dangerously rough seas, which Navy ships can survive -- and continue to wage war on the open sea? 
BREAKING: 50 US service members suffered traumatic brain injury from the Iranian missile attack on Iraqi bases hosting American troops, Pentagon says Tuesday. 
#ICYMI-@SenJeffMerkley: I “absolutely” want #LevParnas to testify in the #SenateImpeachmentTrial @amjoyshow 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" #ResignTrump #NotMyPresident #NoMoreTrumpsEVER 
Angus King on #Trump #impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Should we allow guns to be carried in public? Vote! 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
#KAG2020LandslideVictory QUITE A LOVELY INTERLUDE FROM DC's DEEP STATE a.k.a.--&gt; "EL SWAMP-O" Pres. DJ Trump, at packed Wildwood, NJ rally, hits Congressional DIMMs hard amid impeachment fight 
Yep, that’s how the so-called intelligent ones see middle America! The people they disparage can stand toe to toe with the ones who mock us! CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps arguments in Senate impeachment trial 
Italian driver evades flaming cars in botched highway robbery attempt 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Doomsday for the Dems as Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ is a hateful, awful person 
Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law FREAKS!!!!! 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
How lovely....... "Public flogging is also used against men and women found guilty of gambling, extramarital sex, and homosexuality, according to The Jakarta Post. The floggings can include more than 100 lashes; the victims sometimes faint from the pain." 
Just vote her out!! Reelection is 2020 #VoteDemsOut 
This is who we need for our next president please watch Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | On Air Videos | 
Schiff MSDNC &amp; Schiff are deception buddies!! 
After Kobe merchandise sells out, Nike is evaluating how to handle future sales 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
“Americans didn’t need another reason to question whether Pompeo is the right person for his very important job. He provided another reason anyway.” 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 😡 ⁦@cnnbrk⁩ ⁦@cnnbrk⁩ ⁦@donlemon⁩ #dispicable #LiberalHypocrisy #fraud #wasteofairtime 👎 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
Hey #Feminists 🔊🔊 Where is your outrage? Where is your voice for these women? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
DNC raises eyebrows for snubbing Tulsi Gabbard from 2020 'unity' ad featuring other candidates 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Well, my assumption would be because @donlemon gets about 12 viewers, on average. @cnn #ratings #foxnews 
@HardballChris Here's the segment: 
Barbara Boxer: Trump's legal team seems unprepared 
Breakfast with ‘Friends:’ NJ voters react to President Trump’s rally 
@RandPaul Great video 
@Lawrence Just remember that Bondi is registered w/ FARA to get her 1.2 million from Qatar every year -- when it comes to fat paychecks for nothing, she's a boss. 
@SenThomTillis What good work? All your work is leaving a mountain of debt my children and their children will have to pay off. 
@charliekirk11 @BryanBa04678178 1) if there was no coverage, then where did you get that footage from? 2) There's lots of coverage. But you don't see it if you only watch fox news 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Truth! 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
DEAL SWAP IN THE MAKING? 🤔 OBAMA AND BIDEN FEELIN THE HEAT? 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Trump's legal team makes arguments, while @LindseyGrahamSC warns the Bidens will be summoned IF Dems call for witnesses to appear in front of Senate judiciary committee. 
Another corrupt Democrat? Seems to be a trend with this political party. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
These are representatives of the “ever loving, tolerant, and accepting Democrat Party." What they do here is beyond hateful. It shows contempt and disregard for millions of people who simply believe differently. @donlemon should condemn this. 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
@IvankaTrump It’s past time to give peace a chance 
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenateGOP @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @cnnbrk @foxnewsalert @foxandfriends GOP ARE GUTLESS SPINELESS LITTLE WANNABE LOST FOLLOWERS! NOT A STAND UP 1 IN THE CLUB! JUST PATHETIC-THE OATH MEANS NOTHING ALL LIARS TO SAVE THEIR SKIN! 
⁦@TomiLahren⁩ so because some people were screwed over. Everyone in the future should be? What a childish mindset. 
Congrats to all hosts &amp; staff. Massive Jan. ratings for @hannity @TuckerCarlson @ShannonBream. #IngrahamAngle crew notched best ratings for any 10pm show in FNC history. Thank you! 
"Kobe Bryant to be honored during Oscars" FOX NEWS 
@jackwil76822071 @revrrlewis @ Sure. Here you go: 
Getting things moving and done while dems wasted 3y with "I hate Trump" theatrics #MiddleEastPeacePlan Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Drumpf's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Mark Levin says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment | 
New incriminating evidence against the president comes to light as House votes to send impeachment articles to Senate 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And ... you're royally screwed! 
"Trump finds semi-official impeachment role for far-right GOP reps" 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? can’t wait to hear and view more tapes. 
The Chinese government have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with outbreak responses. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: #CoronaOutbreak #LiesCauseDeaths 
Senator says Trump will feel emboldened to ask more countries to interfere 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Way to go Baltimore! Time for the Governor/Guard to take over what was once "Charm City". America's top 5 deadliest cities 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
Travel ban... Now From Discover on Google 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
@GOP It seems to be working. 😊 
I wish she was as critical of her father's actions. #maga #WWG1WGA #kag #DumpTrump2020 #ImpeachTrump #NeverTrump #qcult #qtards #Resist #KAG2020 : Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters. @GoogleNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN This recording of you clearly wanting Marie Yovanovitch wanting her out. there’s no denying that you don’t know Parnas by the way lol 
.@BernieSanders claims he will fight corruption, but his entire political career is riddled with corruption. @peterschweizer exposed the big Bernie scandals. Read it here: 
"Finally, after all these years, these three women will have their voices heard," prosecutor says in opening statement at Harvey Weinstein trial. 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Good. Agreeing that this is a #FakeImpeachment shall not be a partisan issue. The democrat managers abused the power of #impeachment but it’s up to the #Senate to make things right, to set the record straight. This is so historic and important. #NeverAgain 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
@AngelGotti5 @donlemon Like to see these three fools mock Trump supports in their faces. @donlemon is only a tough guy on TV 
This is supposedly a *real* news cast. They play misquoted lines like it's God's speech! The president did not use "should". He said it hasn't happened. I think Lefties call it KARMA Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after Twitter attacks 
@WhiteAgainst @Residue2020 @Bakari_Sellers It's not my job to convince you of anything. It's your job as a properly informed voter to learn what the candidates are about the from the horse's mouth. Sanders has a diverse base of support and leads with black voters under 35. 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Politics Trump unveils map of proposed State of Palestine 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
“Part of the problem is that far-right Republicans, including Marsha Blackburn, are again trying to smear Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, a decorated war hero. The other part of the problem is why they're trying to smear him.” R. Maddow 
"This is not a process for a fair trial. This is the process for a rigged trial." - Rep. Schiff slams the impeachment rules announced by Senate Majority Leader McConnell 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | !! Someone tell that Rat🐀Chuck SOB what a Traitor he is!!! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
Trump is such a pathological liar! Interesting article in The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
Not just Lemon... CNN let's it happen Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Fmr. Trump campaign adviser Carter Page wants more investigation into Russia probe's origins @nbcnews 
Trump impeachment defense team turns attention to Bidens, Burisma 
Journo alleges Trump admin. is ‘taking gaslighting to new level’ 
MEANWHILE MSM WAS STUCK ON HER EMAILS FROM 2017: Report: Russian mob money helped build Trump business empire 
I like how President Trump calls a sinner a sinner. He doesn't placate like most preachers do . 
If this doesn’t make you from watching CNN nothing will!!! CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Saudi Arabia Backs Apartheid for #Palestinians, #Israeli Control of #AlQuds (#Jerusalem) #SaudiArabia #Israel #IsraeliApartheid @BDSmovement @HatemBazian @imraansiddiqi @omarsuleiman504 @AMPalestine #BDS @BDSmovement @MaanNewsAgency @USCPR_ @PalestineToday 
Supreme Court agrees to hear electoral college voting case #EliminateElectoralCollege #PopularVoteWins 
I'm Usually Too Busy To Watch Joe Scarborough, But @JoeNBC's Rant About The Republican Confederacy Of Dunces In The #ImpeachmentTrial Attempting To Defend tRump Was Hilariously Spot On. @SenateGOP Might Like 45, But They Look Miserably Inept Worldwide. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
#SecondAmendment West Virginia governor: #Virginia counties unhappy with #liberal government should just secede 
Minnesota, they'll be coming your way soon. @IlhanMN will encourage it. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Huh? Tune in for the details of this story today on #TheMorningFixx @HitCountryKi You may be walking your dog wrong, PETA founder says 
As a foreigner living in Europe I relied on CNN for "unbiased and non selective" information. Since I've been following TGs campaign I know that DJT (and I'm no fan!) has a point when he says CNN is fake news. 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
#LindseyGraham #Bravo Sir Sen.Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case |#JohnBolton you should be ashamed flying on the coat Tails Of #POTUS45 Yes, please hold a #News Conference 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Hosted By MFrazz: T.I. apologizes to daughters following Kobe Bryant's death 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Clearly gender equality is coming to the muslim faith 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' 
Security officials express concerns in 'A Very Stable Genius' 
Say goodnight Gracie. #donaldtrump is now in his final days as #President. PS You can believe me or not believe me; however, I will never knowingly steer you wrong. #ANewDayIsDawning #Congress #Impeached #Senate #Removal #Constitution #USA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
The more Donald Trump's impeachment trial continues, the easier it is to wonder whether his lawyer, Jay Sekulow, is in over his head. 
Trump picks Epstein lawyers for impeachment 
#Buttigieg: The issues I discuss can't wait another four years 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial #VoteThemOutOfOffice ⁦@SenMcSallyAZ⁩ ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ @SenToomey⁩ ⁦@SenCoryGardner⁩ 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Ok patriots, you what to do. Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Bernie and Hillary at it again! 😄 He just cannot shake her. 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
@EmperorInChief Blumpf! Explain how you keep winning? 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors @realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Very Important! I say! ✊🇺🇸👊👍 Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
@senatemajldr says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script I vote for people to be my voice in DC not to take personal stands against people they don't like. @SenateGOP END THIS NOW! 
Let’s remember that Ford has unwavering support for Trump. Listen to this &amp; be very afraid. 👇 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
...but he was working on cheating to win the election, why on Earth would we want to let him run for President? 
@realDonaldTrump Is this true? If it is, will you be revising any previous statements you’ve made about those involved? #IMPOTUS 
Pam Bondi: Hunter Biden's decision to join Burisma raised red flags almost immediately | 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
"Justice Department suing five companies over robocalls" FOX NEWS #trends #Technology #foxnews #followme #Developer 
Tucker: Bernie Sanders intends to upend America's economic order 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ True that! #hawk #WarMonger #JohnBolton 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner 
This is the worst thing ever this made man is doing cutting Social security benefits Medicare and Medicare, 2 all Trump Supporters most of u haven't retired yet, but when u do thank about that vote u gave him 2 F*** u 
"Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20" 
Chris Matthews sizes up the 2020 field 
Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the first place 
Fox hosts share what keeps them going through grueling campaign season: 'It doesn't matter if your candidate wins or loses' 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
@BeetleEasy @JeffreyToobin @shanlonwu @SethAbramson @lauferlaw @CNN @kyledcheney @gtconway3d @TheRickWilson Sorry, Jeffery you got it all wrong once again! Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
#MorningJoe 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' #ConfederacyOfDunces 
@checkmatestate The assault weapons that they banned. 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump || By: Steve Benen 
@realDonaldTrump 1. "Lev Parnas on Maddow: 'Everybody was in the loop,'" ,1/16/20 2. Ibid. 3. "WH hold on Ukraine aid violated federal law, Washington Post, 1/16/20 4. "McConnell A 'Perjurer' MSN, January 17, 2020 
Remember when Republicans were prepared to impeach Hillary Clinton? 
🚨BREAKING🚨 Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." Nicolle Wallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Graham is Not fighting for Trump because he likes him,he loves men that help him, loves what He gives him,FEEDS off Trump, netanyahu,,adelson,he needs corrupt abusive power SC FAVORS, Graham serves SC base of hell &amp; AG Wilson,Gov McMaster,Quinns,lawyers 
: Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him. @GoogleNews 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just Art of the deal on display! 
Republican state AGs make a curious case against Trump's impeachment 
Growing up, his voice was heard before or after dinner every night with my parents watching the #MacNeilLeherNewsHour Remembering Jim Lehrer: Fair and balanced before it was a slogan 
@maddow The rest of you Mommy's Babies who kissed Hillary and The Clintons Asses all these decades created this mess. George Soros may be Clintons' puppet, but we all know your mommy wouldn't have liked it if you'd told the truth. + then you say "Check$$" 
A Clear majority of Americans Democrats Republicans and independents want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' @msn As a black man in America if Trump was black you white folks would be outside the white house as we speak in protest a bunch of hypocrites he will always have impeached next to trump 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Juan’s opinion means nothing to me. He just made this up. Juan Williams on Bolton: Trump was saying 'I want to withhold aid to get something for myself' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary China Sucks 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says #FoxPolitics 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
GOP voters acknowledge Trump’s crimes but they don’t care.... 
Is NJ a Dem State Misinformed Trump is Coming to Town Not Bon Jovi? Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees GREAT news for POTUS. 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
House Democrats close arguments with explicit call for Trump's... 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
Alabama teen accused of killing mother and 2 brothers before going to school 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
"No Constitution can protect us if right doesn’t matter anymore. And you know you can’t trust this president to do what’s right for this country. You can trust he will do what’s right for Donald Trump." #RightMatters 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation #AAG #AAG2020 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Karen Pence: The Trump-Pence administration is working tirelessly for America's veterans and military families 
Donald Trump’s legal defense team will not deny Trump’s actions, just say they are not impeachable THEY ARE SO WRONG. 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Sen. Coons on Democratic goal for impeachment trial question process 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@EricTrump⁩ ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ Sue him into the Dark Ages!!! Please!!! 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Schumer: Poll shows even Republicans want impeachment witnesses 
@SenatorBraun: No, I'm not saying that's okay. I'm not saying that's appropriate. I'm saying that it DIDN'T HAPPEN. ???? Braun himself is promoting it. The GOP, Republican, Freshman Senator, and Hoosier is proud of what he said and how he said it. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
State Dept. releases docs that show how Giuliani's smear campaign vs. Yovanovitch reached Pompeo . 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@Jim_Jordan @GOPLeader So does actual tapes. By the way, Trump doesn’t ever meeting Parnas? 
@thewhitehouse @realDonaldTrump The best description of chump and his lawyers EVER! Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
⁦@IngrahamAngle⁩ “identified Ukrainian political officer who attended ‘16 WH meet w/Obama🐍 Ingraham followed up her review aboutvthe whistleblower's ties to Bidens what UKRAINE officer knew about Hunter Biden's dealings w/Ukrainian gas co.🤙🤙 
'To me they look embarrassed' Any Klobuchar on Republican colleagues 
”Get rid of her!...Take her out!” How are non-govt employees supposed to fire her? What did he mean by get rid of her and take her out? Recall he also said she.... Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
Sen. Coons on Democratic goal for impeachment trial question process 
CNN helps Trump 
Sen. Klobuchar responds to Sen. Kennedy saying senators didn't read transcripts of the House impeachment hearings: "I think people have been thoughtfully listening ... Not only are they listening, but what are they hearing and are they going to act on it?" 
History's judgment moved sources for new book on Trump 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? . Just in case you forgot what a POS Ken Starr is!! 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Being a socialist, communist pays in a capitalist country. Books, engagements, cronyism, all pay! Peter Schweizer: @BernieSanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
'What is the president afraid of?' : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight About time Jersey 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes YET to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | BREAKING: no one (including 18 wittinesses who testified) has corroborated Bolton’s claim‼️ 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
@MichaelRapaport Hey, @evanrachelwood can you ask the accuser why she told friends she wanted money from Kobe to pay for breast implants &amp; a koala bear? Can you ask why none of the semen that was found on her &amp; her clothing matched Kobe? Curious minds wanna know. Thanks! 
@washingtonpost Just think, @realDonaldTrump, what would happen with @SenateGOP if ANOTHER #LevParnas Audio/Video drops.... ... One even more revealing than the last one: ... You CANNOT guarantee there won't be another one.... @WhiteHouse @SenateDems @GOP @DNC 
@SenateGOP GAO says he broke the law by withholding aid 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
@SpeakerPelosi Americans know if you get your way this is coming to America. 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme. “Wouldn’t Trump and his aides be eager to prove innocence...cooperate fully, offering extensive evidence that discredited their opponents’ accusations?” Not if they’re guilty. 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
@QDecoder @djomalley1 @large_biggy @meredithmusing @ChidiNwatu @realDonaldTrump Sondland testified he had to announce the investigation, not do one. 
@NPR Remember that Canadian couple whose baby was born early. They had travel health insurance but the insurance refused to pay. Just thinking about that. 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Who’s surprised 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This is what Dems want for America 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff's speech 'most compelling case for removal of office' 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' SCHUMER, PLOSI, HOUSE &amp; SENATE DEMS ARE BLATANTLY &amp; MALICIOUSLY DESTROYING OUR NATION, OUR GOVERNMENTAL PROCESS &amp; UNITY AMONGST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. IT HAS TO STOP. 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? @11THHOUR 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Former Democrat joins Trump at New Jersey rally 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters ⁦@donlemon⁩ you literally work for a company that makes it their job to belittle people on a daily basis. If you are that stupid maybe you should look in the mirror. 
The head of San Francisco Public Works Director charge of cleaning up the feces-filled streets, Mohammed Nuru arrested Monday with Nick Bovis, owner of Lefty O-Doul’s arrested for suspicion of accepting bribes for airport concession contracts. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Throwback 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Remember San Francisco, keep voting for your lovely democrats. Wake up! They destroyed California! 
For the GOP, Sadism and sociopathy are the feature not the bug. Hurting people gets republicans off. Sick bastards. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
No one let it slide. Grow up. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses 
@realDonaldTrump New polls show the majority of Americans are sick of your criminal and corrupt behavior and we want you removed from office! 
Watch this roundup of @ analysis from Democrats' second day of opening arguments in the impeachment trial. 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
.⁦@SenSanders⁩ has hoodwinked all of his supporters into believing he can provide “free” everything while he rakes in the cash like the crooks he is perpetually “outraged” about. Peter Schweizer is exposing Sanders for the #fraud he is. #hypocrisy 
It just helps to prove the lack of class that oozes from every pore of Cheeto's body and how meaningless his word is. 
LATEST: A 2nd coronavirus case has been confirmed in the US, the CDC says; the patient, a woman in her 60s, is hospitalized in Chicago, and is reportedly doing well. 
Less than a week from the Iowa caucuses, Sen. Warren is leaning in on the gender question. 
A welcome bit of good news: Thank you, , for finally profiling @arnoldroth &amp; his quest for justice for his beloved daughter Malki, who was murdered by a terrorist who walks free in US-"ally" Jordan, despite being @ the top of our Most-Wanted List: 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight The crowds have been sleeping in tents since Sunday in order to get into the venue where Trump is speaking! Amazing!🇺🇸 
Key moderate Republicans 'offended,' 'stunned' after Nadler accuses senators of 'cover-up' 
Trio of stories point to Trump profiting from presidency 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
.@DrJasonJohnson: "One thing that Americans understand– they don't like cheaters. What this trial has established is that Donald Trump is a cheater in a way that we're not used to." 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
In charge of cleaning up feces-filled streets. Arrested for corruption. GEE YA THINK?!?!!??? His name is Mohamed. Yeah I said it. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Why did Trump's lawyers spend yesterday targeting Biden with bogus attacks? Joni Ernst had an explanation — which she probably wasn't supposed to say out loud. 
New ad from conservative group criticizes Sen. McSally 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @senatemajldr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FuckTheGOP #ComplictGOP #GOPCorruption #MoscowMitch #LeningradLindsey #IMPOTUS Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
@ @ChristophorRick This link works. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court Rot in HELL 
@realDonaldTrump Yes Pence is quietly waiting to take over for you. That's what he has been waiting for all the while. 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' - 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Yep. It is rigged. Disgusting 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' 
Former Democrat lawmaker welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
“It Hohhot she did a good job. Her technique was nice.” WTF!No progressiveness in Aceh Indonesia. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Pro tip... If you don't lie, you can't get caught lying. Joe: Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of... 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave'. Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
@realDonaldTrump Hey #MAGA, maybe you missed this 👀 He’s lying to you....again. 
Bolton is a sleezeball, period. Where's the tell all book on Bush?🤔 I smell a Swamp Rat!🐀🐁 #KAG2020 DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
ok boomer 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
cruel, inhuman and degrading” public spectacles Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣🙄 @realdonaldtrump || Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
How will Trump's 'public charge' rule affect immigrants? | I'm not being funny but why would America want immigrants who can't provide for themselves? Europe is in the same boat, letting in too many who don't contribute and are just a drain. 
His family hates Trump.. why should we ever trust a Bush again? George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Just becausenyou can say something doesn't mean you habe to say something. Her timing was classless and disrespectful to the families. Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch #triggerhappy #trigger 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt This feels like we are giving Democrats a rope to bang themselves with... 
Bernie Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
They said that they want former ambassador Yovanovitch getting gone too far or thrown out. Trump had already violated the constitution. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Diane Feinstein is 86 years old.She should not be in office.We need term limits &amp; now to get people of her age out of public office. It’s ridiculous to have people after age 75 in public office. Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Angus%20King%20on%20Trump%20impeachment%3A%20This%20is%20more%20serious%20than%20I%20thought 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
@NRO @drawandstrike @charlescwcooke This one won't help either. 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
thank you @RepAdamSchiff #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #GOPCoverup #GOPTraitors #GOPComplicitTraitors 
Hmmmmm . . . i don’t recall any of the prosecuting Dems saying ‘hate the president.’ Did i miss something? Or ate the Reps having a hard time defending him? 
Holocaust survivor, 94, forms unlikely friendship with NYC middle schooler over German language 
@realDonaldTrump That's right! REMOVAL FROM OFFICE!! MAJORITY OF AMERICANS WANT YOU GONE! 🤣 
@maddow Interview with Lev's Lawyer from last night. Enjoy. 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Trap? Dems &amp; RINOs tricked into voting for witnesses, while Trumplicans appear reluctant? If the witnesses end up destroying the Dems, they can only blame selves? Effects on 2020 Dem voter morale &amp; turnout? 
@realDonaldTrump COVER-UP! The entire GOP are guilty of being complicit in extortion, threats, foreign interference in our elections, and GROSS CORRUPTION !! 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script And isn’t this exactly what they, the Dems, wanted. 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #yang2020 #AmericaNeedsYang 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@ByronYork @DonaldJTrumpJr This tweet didn't age well... 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Stunning how this man of peace has been labeled. It does fit the model of the movement though. Demonize, don't debate, and spew the hate you claim to abhor. Truth is the new hate speech, and freedom of speech is OK , but just for some. Europe is lost. 😑 
@DevinNunes RESIGN NOW! Why is Nunes so eager to cover for Trump?: Analyst 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
You know what to do 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
This IMPOTUS is so stupid. If he gets caught on tape this easily, think of what Russia, China, North Korea etc have on this guy. He is such a dumb, careless excuse of a man with lots of power. Scary! 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
An example of a progressive Israeli (a former military officer) who opposes military occupation. I tweeted this a while back when two Muslim US Reps were prevented visiting Israel by Netanyahu: 
MaddowBlog: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying: As Trump’s impeachment defense team wraps up their arguments, Sen. Mitch McConnell huddles with his caucus over witnesses. Chief Legal Correspondent Ari Melber… 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Virginia's gun-control bills dangerous — this is how they fit into a nationwide effort #2a #2ndAmendment #Guns #GunOwners #GunLaws #GunControlLies #Demoncrats #AspiringTyrants #Elitists 
Tulsi Gabbard takes to the slopes in NH #AAG #AAG2020 
Anyone shocked? Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru was arrested Monday with Nick Bovis, owner of a sports bar in Fisherman’s Wharf, Lefty O-Doul’s. Sources told NBC Nuru was arrested on suspicion of accepting bribes for airport concession contracts. 
Bernie Sanders 'is a juggernaut right now' and Trump should not underestimate him ❤️ to 👀 | “It would be a mistake for President Trump to underestimate Bernie Sanders. I think he will beat all the other candidates hands down." #Bernie2020 
⁦@donlemon⁩ you are an A$$ Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Dear #CorruptGOP ... it's all going to come out someday … just get it over with. Stop protecting the #StillImpeached #ForeverImpeached #ImpeachedForever #ImpeachedPresident . 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
This is backwards. Constitution says no new witnesses in Senate. 
🔴This Kavanaugh 2.0 junk needs to STOP! Enough, already! Regardless of what the leaked “comment” from Bolton says, it is NOT ADMISSIBLE in Court &amp; even if true, it doesn’t rise to level of impeachment!🇺🇸NO WITNESSES NEEDED! 🇺🇸TIME TO ACQUIT!🇺🇸 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Man with a Napoleon complex. I guess his Bachelor's degree qualified him as an expert. My Master's degree "Trumps" him, lol. 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
REALLY???? LIKE THE MUSLIM MEN BEATING WOMEN IS NOT ENOUGH? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitous' on evidence 
Gov. Jim Justice to Virginians upset over left-wing policies: Move to West Virginia 
Mitch due your damn job and get the votes. This President has been through enough bullshit, us deplorables are sick of this SHIT! McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Eric Herschmann: Impeachment case against Obama would have been far stronger than allegations against Trump | Video 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Trump, in good faith gave Mr Bolton the NatSec adviser job but Trump saw he was too hawkish and questioned Trump's decisions one, too many &amp; was removed. End of story. 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump’s curious trial boast: "We have all the material." 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
@senatemajldr Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
I've always liked her. She's not afraid to speak her mind. I agree with her that Moscow Mitch &amp; Senators need to do their jobs. Dems are doing a fantastic job of presenting evidence. Some of it may be repetitive. They only get one chance to lay this out. 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source #CNN #MSNBC 
“We just watched Ken Start punch himself in the face!” 
Vox's Ezra Klein on a possible John Bolton testimony: "Republicans are meeting to decide if it is possible for them to not hear more about what happened and we are sitting here pretending ⁠there is something normal about what is going on." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sen. Durbin: If no witnesses under oath, it isn't a trial 
Rachel Maddow 1/20/20 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Child molesters are Trump haters. True story Girl testifies that Nicki Minaj's brother repeatedly raped her 
@BradyTrett It's just a word. No one was hurt. There are true atrocities in the world that we need to worry about. 
In 5-4 ruling, Supreme Court allows Trump plan to deny green cards to those who might need gov't aid 
Roberts IGNORES that the WH counsel did in fact LIE! But sure, let's call out the House Manager for calling a liar a liar. Roberts should have raised the decorum issue with the first lie from the WH counsel. 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll | 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
#DisBarThemAll Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
UNACCEPTABLE: Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@brianstelter @TomJolly has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters DON'S AS FAKE AS HIS NEWS! TAKE NOTE SPONSORS!!! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? #AAG #AAG2020 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
🚨China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
.Chuck Rosenberg on witness strategy in Trump impeachment trial 
.@realDonaldTrump was not ordering #Parnav to fire #AmbassadorYovanavich because #Parnav is not a government employee and have no power to fire her. He was ordering them to kill her. #LockTrumpUP 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Wiley: 'Corrupt intent' is the only explanation for why Ukraine scheme happened as it did 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
: Mary Anne Marsh: Trump impeachment not enough – Senate Republicans must hold him accountable. @GoogleNews 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@MSNBC⁩ ⁦@washingtonpost⁩ ⁦@nytimes⁩ ⁦@abcnews⁩ ⁦@CBSNews⁩ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
And now the end begins. #SenateImpeachmentTrial #CallWitnesses #RemoveTrumpNow #WeThePeople #constitution #TheResistance #GOPCoverup 
Pete Buttigieg says his campaign offers a chance to turn the page 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
Buttigieg: Polls show I'm best to take on Trump 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start | 
Joe just loves criticizing himself. Joe and Obama cut food assistance by over 8 billion while working to pass corporate tax cuts. "Obama’s plan to lower overall corporate income tax rate 35 percent to 28 percent...25% for manufacturing corporations" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
“The second article of impeachment was for obstruction of Congress: covering up witnesses and documents from the American people. This morning the President not only confessed to it, he bragged about it.” 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@gschoppe @capperoo1 @karkovqueen Sure! Zero confirmed cases. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
I would like to know what @IlhanMN and @RashidaTlaib have to say about the flogging women who violate the EXTREMELY misogynist Sharia law. The Democrats claim to care about women. Yet, they say NOTHING about the treatment of women in Muslim nations. 
@MarshaBlackburn Wait! What happened to y'all's go-to cries about federal spending? 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum Great work from @DavidJollyFL @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom and @amjoyshow 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Even the communist is crooked with federal money, and his campaign money is quite suspect! His family benefited a ton! #FeelTheBern 
@MilesKISW is this list accurate to you? What would @ThrillKISW say about Baton Rouge and New Orleans being on that list? 
@RugeJeff @jeromew1 @AngelaBelcamino @realDonaldTrump No it’s not. You’re wrong... 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ mathews is a moron 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied Jay Sekulow, Pat Cipollone said, according to McCaskill, were either "flat lies" or "just ignorant." These moments are why a fair trial is necessary. #VoteBlue 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion | 
Diane is suffering from confusion. The POTUS did not withhold $$ from Ukraine. It was paid within the specified timetable. Lie #1. There was no investigation by Ukraine so there was nothing of value gained=no political gain. Lie #2. Shame on #Feinstein 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' It's unfathomable that former @POTUS officials hate him so much. D r not used to having their views and opinions discarded. 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #Topbuzz 
This is the kind of trial you’d expect in North Korea. 
@HikindDov @RashidaTlaib Inaccurate Filmmaker Sam Bacile in hiding after anti-Muslim film sparks violence in which American diplomat was killed An Israeli filmmaker based in California went into hiding Tuesday after his movie attacking Islam's Prophet 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation #msnbc @JoyAnnReid #cnn 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment | 
California cops respond to 2 homeless men shot with arrows: report 
Wow! @MikeBloomberg is #2!!! No wonder #NCLikesMike!🤐 
"Kobe Bryant to be honored during Oscars" FOX NEWS 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
ALL DEMONCRAT... you think people would learn? 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
The show transcripts here. The 24th not yet up. Watch it with a streaming service, NBC NEWS APP, drill down/back to Rachel Maddow and play the most recent (1/24). Relevant convo is 2nd segment starts 6:51 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law I hope they whipped the guy the lady in the hotel was with and not just her. This is barbaric and should not be allowed unless the law is applied equally to men 
In defending Trump, Ken Starr warned "the Senate about the dangers of aggressively pursuing impeachment... which is literally the thing Starr is most known for." @AriMelber analyzes today's highlights from Trump's impeachment trial: 
Trump says he avoided 'World War Six' by not listening to Bolton Apparently @Trump reserves the right to start #WW4 &amp; #WW5 himself. 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Sharia Law ""I think she did a good job. Her technique was nice," Banda Aceh Sharia police chief investigator Zakwan told AFP of the new recruit" " Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
@realDonaldTrump THERE TRUMP TRASH AMY.. THEY WILL FEEL IT IN THE ELECTORATE.. MARK MY WORD!! AMERICA WILL NOT BE KIND AT THE BALLOT BOXES!! Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Australia wildfires unleash millions of tons of carbon dioxide 
It only took 5 days for the first transgender murder this year. This isn’t some abstract argument. Transphobia kills. Lifting up Transphobes like Rogan kills. If you don’t get that, you have no business leading this country. 
Bernie Sanders on upswing in early states in new Iowa, New Hampshire polls 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters How many times have CNN Liberal Hacks done this? ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
@jentaub @AmandiOnAir @ @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve Me too 
"The volume is going to much higher — there will be yelling, there will be passionate gesticulation on the floor ... but the substance will be next to zero,"... 
Completely ignorant and bigoted. He's lying threw his teeth. And still laughing at everyone! 🤬😡🤬😡 Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ incubation time for the #CoronaVirus is 14 days. EVERY American should be quarantined &amp; STOP the FLIGHTS from CHINA! Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base. ⁦@POTUS⁩ 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
It would be awesome if Trump claimed executive privilege on the entire book making it a moot point! 😂😂 Bolton is opening himself up to serious issues later- couldn’t happen to better guy! Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book | 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
"Stephen Colbert reflects on Kobe Bryant's death, says his dad, 2 brothers died in plane crash" FOX NEWS 
This is what you get as a result of voter suppression and gerrymandering individuals who are utterly #UnfitForOffice "Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
White House: Bolton Ukraine claims are untrue, timing is 'very suspect' | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Love our President!!!!! 
Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman. 
Trump is 'owned by Putin' and has been 'laundering money' for Russians, claims MSNBC's Donny Deutsch 
From - Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
%27False%20flag%27%3A%20Brian%20Williams%2C%20Sen.%20King%20call%20out%20Sekulow%20for%20saying%20Ukraine%20could%20have%20interfered%20with%20elections 
Ok Boomer 
@SenSanders With all the money you’ve funneled to your family thru your political career you could pay for all the people you say you care for. Stop ripping of the government Mr. “Socialist”. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Awesomeeeeeee!!!!!!! Ut ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... @GovernorVA @MarkHerringVA @DickSaslaw @MSNBC @CNN 
@realDonaldTrump All Americans should watch this! “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of a video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
FOX News is worried about Bernie 🤣 #BernieBeatsTrump 
Trump's Senate impeachment trial: What happened on Day 2 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Brian Lonergan: Immigration is unquestionably a national security issue. We need to start treating it like one 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
SPECIAL REPORT: An ER doctor was charged with abusing his baby, and Child Protective Services took her. But 15 medical experts say there’s no evidence. 
@RepMarkMeadows @RepAndyBiggsAZ Sorry Mark - but the case gets stronger every week - Remember Trump claimed he doesn't know Lev? Here is the audio: 2018 Trump dinner with Lev discussing Ukraine and Yovanovitch 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES CORRUPTION: "Trump or members of his team directed the intelligence community to hide materials from Congress." @SenateGOP @MittRomney @lisamurkowski @LamarAlexander @senrobportman @CoryGardner @MarthaMcSally @cnnbrk @JohnRoberts_CJ 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
The biggest Senate #impeachment moments from Thursday @JoyceWhiteVance and @CevallosLaw joined me and @yasminv to break it all down 
The interest in hearing from witnesses is a remarkable thing. What recent polls have all been showing is that Americans of all political stripes are interested in actually getting to the factual basis of what happened and getting to the truth. 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
House impeachment managers bring up Biden 168 times during Thursday's opening arguments 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez #DemocratsAreCorrupt 
@TexCon48 @cmclymer If the @GOP continues to support Trump it’s the death knell of the Republican Party. This will all come out after the trial and the @GOP will be on record supporting it going into 2020. 
@QuinnipiacPoll @SenateGOP @senatemajldr @GOP @realDonaldTrump Don't you think that it's time to listen to the #AmericanPeople who control all those votes you so desperately need &amp; stop worrying about what Trump &amp; #TrumpsBase want? Their numbers alone won't keep you in office! 
Seems #RoyMoore doesn't like being called a pedophile.😂 I think Roy needs to Google pedophile. I'm sure there is a picture of him with a 🚫 not allowed in shopping malls. 
The people are awakening! #thegreatawakening #maga2020 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ Is an embarrassment to Congress and America. She is a self confessed radical Islamic terrorist supporter/ sympathizer. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
What Are They Hiding?? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
How many Republicans do you think have wished they could sew his mouth shut? Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Republicans still have no defense for Trump's action! Interesting article in new Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
Brit Hume breaks down projections for Iowa caucuses #AAG #AAG2020 
Sen. Coons on Democratic goal for impeachment trial question process 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Bernie refused to campaign down ticket. At no point in the 2016 race was he worried about impact on climate, women's health, labor, POC, health insurance and basic civil rights that GOP control would have on the country. He just did not care. 
I can't say this loud enough It's time for us to go back to the production of our own medicines. We are becoming too dependent on China for our medicine. 80% of all ingredients come from abroad. Ask yourself why everything is marked generic. WAKE UP! 
👎🤮🙏"2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
If this were a conservative new anchor, they would already have been fired. ⁦@CNN⁩ promotes hate by keeping ⁦@donlemon⁩ 
@JoeBiden WHERES YOUR CROWD #ChinaJoe? 🤔🤔😂😂 Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
When will American women start being cautious of men from countries that don't treat their women right. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
"I think you did a good job on her:" Trump re Pompeo's verbal abuse of reporter. How crude and disgusting is this cowardly little man in the White House. 
From October. This liar Adam Schiff is very Russia and Ukraine connected and has openly committed QUID PRO QUO as this article carefully illustrates. WHERES THE OUTRAGE? Adam Schiff-Ukraine connection comes under scrutiny | 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
.@JoyVBehar is two faced. She had one face when Obama followed the border laws, which included separating children, and another face with Trump. This temporary separation is to confirm who the parents really are. This has saved kids from human trafficking. 
What do they all have in common? Yep, all run by Democrats. #MAGA #QANON #THESTORM #shutdownthehouse #WWG1WGA #TheGreatAwakening #WalkAway #KAG #KAG2020 #COUP #StopTheCoup 
"It's like you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution." -- Maya Wiley on Pres. Trump's actions leading up to the Obstruction of Congress charge, as laid out by the Democratic impeachment managers. 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
A tough lady... 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@senatemajldr 1. "Parnas on Maddow: , 1/16/20 2. Ibid. 3. "White House hold on Ukraine aid violated federal law," Washington Post, 1/16/20 4. McConnell A 'Perjurer' After Senator Takes Impeachment Oath: MSN, 1/17/20 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza @KimStrassel 
"Wednesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.22.20" 
E-mails show racism Stephen Miller brought to Trump White House 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"Hotels ordinarily closed for the winter were open for business and largely sold out. Bars and restaurants offered drink specials like the "MAGA-Rita" and "subpoena-colada" -- bringing to life a ghost town in the cold days of January on the Jersey Shore." 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
@NPRKelly Brava. Brava. Toot your horn, girl, you deserve it. We want more like you!! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Wow! Antonio Brown appears in court, told he can remove ankle monitor and travel in US 
The hypocrisy and dishonesty in the Republican Party is just amazing 
Simple - Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie. #Iwantwitnesses 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Velshi on the fight for truth and a fair impeachment trial 
@99freemind @Inevitable_ET Good Luck with that Microsoft, People have stopped buying into the Bullshit. See the ratings for the Grammys? 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees What has #Clinton done all these years in politics besides getting American's killed and then state, "what difference does it make, they're dead!" #Benghazi 
Lankford, Blackburn react to witness battle 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees : THESE SUB-HUMANZ ARE PATHETIC HOW THEY EAT ONE ANOTHER 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
The upcoming release of a final batch of British government #UFO files is still generating media interest, not only in the UK, but also in the US, e.g. on 
Evil as hell, probably tricky trump did some nasty vicious s-it to China. 
#CNNsDonLemon 'offered a six-figure settlement before talks broke down and the formal complaint was filed, according to Hice.' #LemonLiar 
If Kampala Harris &amp; Bill DaBozo had a Love child. And SFO elected the twit. LMAO Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
@BernieSanders Man, the DNC and a Media are out to screw Bernie again . 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Ripping this country off everyday. Big con man! #NOTRUMP2020 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
‘Everybody felt like they knew Kobe Bryant’ 
Trump wouldn't know the truth if it slapped him in the face. Such a horrible embarrassment! 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Ingraham: The Bolton red herring 
@AP Can we as a nation vote to make our President stay at “the President’s home” ie The White House? Any unofficial trips NOT pertaining to current Administrative business abroad or domestic, be denied OR paid in full BY whichever President requests travel? 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
Students studying at Duke University’s campus in Kunshan, #China, are reportedly being offered a $1,000 travel stipend to return home amid the deadly #coronavirus outbreak. 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ You hear this trump supporters. In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
"Juan Williams on Bolton: Trump was saying 'I want to withhold aid to get something for myself'" #tcot #kag 
@hwmnylx @exf28 This is more serious than I thought: Maine Independent Sen. Angus King notes that hearing the evidence against Trump in its totality lead him to realize the "powerful" case against the president. 
I can't blame Trump for pushing back. Schiff has been relentless in his attack on Trump for 3 years. I think 3 years of lies and fabricated stories is enough. 
Thank you @donlemon for helping us re-elect Donald J Trump @realDonaldTrump You lit the base! Looking forward to another election night of liberals crying! 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Sure is it’s making a mockery of news 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer - 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
#PompeoMustGo "Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
#RottenTrump I can SMELL it from here! Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Once a bitch always a bitch. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Bizarre tweets followed by fact check... 
@LeeHolly81 @realDonaldTrump The above link didn't work for me. Looked it up &amp; posting in case this one will go through. 
@RMerriametc oh I'm definitely in one of the most youth-centric places on earth. I was considered old here when I was 40. as to Social Security, we'll see. 
It’s gonna be YUGE‼️Way to go Jersey 👍🏼🇺🇸 
This is Islam... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Democrat candidates can only dream about such massive voter support! 
@seanhannity Please move to @OANN.. has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
@i_Str0nG @SonnySaneus Because at the end, of you haven’t firgured it out...it’s going to collapse the Govt. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@ Senators are pretty sure they want to protect the Constitution; they just need to sleep on it.. - Sen Klobuchar on sleeping senators viz. Trump's impeachment trial: "..don’t know why they'd have this job..if they’re not going to protect the Constitution" 
China rejected CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees I think it is so sad with the hateful Democrats are doing to stop our president from doing good for our nation❗️ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Robert Ray: It's time to trust in the senators, abide by their wisdom | 
"Everything leaving and coming to Hulu in February 2020" 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@NewsHour Sorry, .@VP .@SecondLady: “Everyone was in the loop.” EVERYONE.@jaketapper .@NPRKelly .@mollyesque .@TIME .@AshaRangappa_ .@Mimirocah1 .@RepAdamSchiff .@RepValDemings .@GeoffRBennett .@PhilipRucker .@tribelaw .@tedlieu 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Check out my partner @ZacMcCrary piece on about how Governor @johnbelLA was successful using criminal justice reform in his 2019 campaign and beat back attack by the GOP on the issue 
🚨NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
A true Republican treasure, right, @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP? Idiots. 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children Nice to finally hear someone, ⁦@RandPaul⁩ , call out ⁦@DNC⁩ , like ⁦@SenSchumer⁩ , who defame someone’s character. Thank you! #TuesdayThoughts #ImpeachmentTrials 
🙏 please let somebody defeat this idiot in her re election..@AOC If you're so worried about it you support them with your fat congressional check AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable 
Douglas MacKinnon: NYC is a warning -- the blackout is coming 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
Corrupt Evil Imbecile Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Corrupt people in charge of California… And they want us to get rid of the electoral college so California can make our presidential decision? I don't think so. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
@MobBossTrump And not just #Trump either, #MidnightMitch has said the same thing as had #PaulRyan &amp; #JoniErnst stated that she would but it had to "be behind closed doors". #RightMatters 
Here’s something for ⁦@donlemon⁩ to laugh at. #pervert Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
# - @BernieSanders takes lead with non-white voters. #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs #PresidentSanders 
@JRubinBlogger Gee. I hope so. God please. Let it be! BE THE ONLY THING TO DISPROVE THIS WHOLE “FOR HIS OWN POLITICAL GAIN” SILLINESS! Don’t let us down joe. Commies are counting on you! IMAGINE WHEN HE LOSES THE 2020 democrat nomination! HELL TO PAY! 
Sen. #Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters I call bullshit! You had a Kleenex on hand so you had it planned all along. Unless you were carrying it around to wipe the white dribble away from your lips because you just left your boyfriend. 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents @maddow 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start | 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
I think she should have been fired! 
Tlaib shares inaccurate &amp; unverified information to support her own agenda. She is a Extreme Muslim Terrorist Sympathizer that just perpetuates hate against America. Time for her to be professionally removed. 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
John Bolton is next 11th Hour "Hail Mary" in desperate DEM socialist #ImpeachmentHoax as "resist" radicals replay Kavanaugh 2.0 circus NeoCON in disgrace destroys career @realDonaldTrump Check his staff for coordination w @RepAdamSchiff - Sarah Tinsley? 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees - @GoogleNews 
'Dersh-o-mania!': Laurence Tribe demolishes Trump lawyer's 'Wizard of Oz' impeachment defense 
Missing son of 2 Missouri judges found dead in California nearly a month after vanishing 
Scary to fly cause nuts like him Florida man arrested after shining laser pointer at planes, police say 
THIS is infuriating! I bet they've never served (nor their children) a day in their lives in the U.S. military. This soldier took an 'Oath of Enlistment' to protect &amp; defend the U.S. Constitution against ALL enemies foreign &amp; domestic .. #ImpeachmentTrial 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Goes to show how fed up the people are with the democratisease,in their state. As well as the rest of the country. This is a foreshadowing of the elections in Nov. Go ahead demorats, get nasty, and say goodbye in November!!! 
Excerpt: Rachel Maddow and an panel discuss the options available to Democrats if the Trump administration decides to abuse the classification system to keep evidence out of the Senate impeachment trial of Donald Trump. 
Trump's spiritual adviser says her prayer was taken 'out of context for political gain' 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Rev. Franklin Graham on the importance of preserving faith | Restore your hope &amp; your families hope - turn to God @franklingraham 
So many #IMPEACHEDTRUMP GOP Aides already Indicted and Convicted. And even More awaiting Sentencing. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Andrew Yang opens up about wife's sexual assault by doctor: 'I felt like I'd failed her' 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
@SenateGOP @senatemajldr Spineless chickenshit traitors to the American people. %27One%20Republican%20senator%20told%20me%20if%20it%20was%20a%20secret%20vote%2C%2030%20Republican%20senators%20would%20vote%20to%20impeach%20Trump%27 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand #BoltonTestify 
💰For Good Karma Donate To This Twitter Account On CashApp $atomic811 So I Can Buy Bitcoin:💰 "Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win" 
@MrCleanSF Sounds like a certain federal agency is cleaning up a mess right now that allegedly involves you and public corruption. 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
This is an old video from 2016 prior to His implementation of the FIRST STEP ACT that has done the Prison reform undoing the Clinton 3strikes Law that affected the Black Community the most Black Unemployment is at it's LOWEST EVER!! An interesting VIDEO 
"It's like you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution." - @MayaWiley on Pres. Trump's actions leading up to the Obstruction of Congress charge, as laid out by the Democratic impeachment managers. 
A lawyer who’s never heard the term “FOIA lawsuit.” 🤦🏼‍♂️ “The Best People.” 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
— Breaking News, Top Stories, &amp; Show Clips | NBC News 
@MMark98335 @seeyouseeme6 @AngrierWHStaff Good question. She would not do anything differently. 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie @carlitos1777 
A group of conservative critics of President Trump has released a new ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse LOOK ITS CHUMP AND LEV Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Hot mic catches Pence telling Netanyahu 'He’s unstoppable' 
WATCH: Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
@realDonaldTrump All Republicans need to listen to this 
Its not the taxpayers responsibility to pay for every Tom, Dick and Juan from other countries to be here illegally!! You want it, you pay for it! AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
Got to wonder about this guy. He is in the middle of his impeachment trial...for obstruction...so he admits they ( His legal team &amp; White House) have all the documents. Keep talking Trump, we’re listening! 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law At what point do we condemn this evil dark ages practice and make them stop the Bullschiff. Move into the 21 century you radicals. NO funding/Aid til they stop it 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders IS Bolton the new Benedict Arnold of this Presidency? @POTUS @GOP 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Guess who is stealing the corrupt DS @DNC nomination !!! 🤣🤣🤣 Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
State Dept. releases docs that show how Giuliani's smear campaign vs. Yovanovitch reached Pompeo 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
WATCH: President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ Love our great ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #thankgodforhim 🙏🏻🇺🇸❤️ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Spain's Catalan separatists appear in regional parliament for first time since 2017 
@Graham949 Ha ha ha : San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. @GoogleNews 
"As the Missouri senator apparently sees it, GOP senators aren’t taking their oaths or responsibilities too seriously; they’re simply going through the motions and pretending to care about the impeachment proceedings." 
@clwickst @funder @SenRubioPress Sit down &amp; shut up. Meanwhile ---&gt; Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally. 
Judge Jeanine Pirro: 'The only people acting like dictators are Pelosi and company' 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Promises Kept 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' Perhaps you should become a Republican, then all your primary opponents would also be equally snubbed by FNN, I mean CNN... 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
@maddow The Trump Administration's hackery and corruption exposed by newly-revealed secret recordings and documents! First, they leaked the Pentagon Papers. Then, the Panama Papers. Finally, it's the Banana Republic Papers! 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Schumer is a piece a shit of a man with no balls President Trump don’t ever takes a Pay Check &amp; has balls to say that-when his been robbing us being a Senator of shit 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
“Republican made no effort to deny the accuracy of Kelly’s version of events... The idea that a national security reporter who has a post-graduate degree in European studies would confuse Ukraine and Bangladesh on a map is ridiculous.” 
I wish all of you guys who are out of the the GOV would just shut the hell up #TRUMP2020 John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
Trump lies, Trump's lawyers lie, Trump Administration lies, Trump pundits lie. They're all a bunch of liars. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Thank you, New Jersey! 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table NOT ONLY is Trump working on ANOTHER tax cut for the rich, NOW he PROPOSES cutting Social Security that YOU PAY INTO!! $1TRILLION DEFICIT! #IMPEACHED4EVER #EvilToxicLIAR @OTUS MUST BE REMOVED 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" They're saying if it won't change the outcome, why have witnesses. Total BS! This is a sham trial! 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over... 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Plan for #Venezuelan migrants to settle in #Brazil sees #US support 
Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Criminals Stonewall 
GOP senator says his colleagues haven't read up on the Trump case 
It's all fuckin backwards. Trump confesses to Obstruction to Lester Holt, to Abuse of Power (the perfect call) &amp; Obstruction of Congress today. Hear @TheRickWilson 3:40pm PT my show today. KGO radio San Francisco on iHeart app. (yeah, there is that irony) 
Syrian forces, with Russia's help, capture strategic town from rebels 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
Joe: Dems breeze past Trump as impeachment impact settles in 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ wants this here. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
I Watch live: test 
Democratic presidential candidate Rep. Gabbard has filed a defamation lawsuit against Hillary Clinton, claiming that Clinton "carelessly and recklessly impugned" her reputation with "favorite of the Russians" comments. 
#RepublicansSuck "Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away" 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Our public school systems want to teach Islam to our children. So we can embrace them. Christians are considered oppressors by US left radicals. Not sure of the last flogging I witnessed of Christians by Christians. 🧐 
Cause you are afraid to hear the truth on the Bidens. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
In reversal, TRUMP puts POST-2020 ENTITLEMENT CUTS ON THE TABLE Ahead of the 2016 cycle, Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 cycle, his position is fundamentally different 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ #SS #TrumpCuttingSSNotBiden #impeachment #ImpeachTrump 
FYI - Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
"Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial" 
"...And you know you can’t trust this president to do what’s right for this country. You can trust he will do what’s right for Donald Trump. He’ll do it now, he’s done it... 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich - @GoogleNews 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' Holy Crap... 
So out of touch. CNN lives on a different planet. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Is your City on this list. 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Tucker Carlson: Goldman Sachs specializes in hypocrisy 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
.@realDonaldTrump Things are not going well for you. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
trump’s ass shoulda been in a sling ages ago but this Take her out is a clear physical threat. Amb Yovanovitch had every reason to fear for her life. Arrest him already! 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails More of the same from @realDonaldTrump ,ineffective, anti-intellectual, unfit #MAGA2020 by #impeachment 
Politics Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
GoP Senator accidently tells the truth about the GoP's impeachment defence: @realDonaldTrump 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
Chump WILL cut your Social Security &amp; Medicare! The GOP Oligarchs are motivated by GREED. They NEVER have enough and YOU always have TOO MUCH. They are coming for you. They always do. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica Please! 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
ATTENTION White Liberal Women who continue doing the bidding of these "believers". 👇 Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' the App vile leftist trash! 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump - 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Scary. LATEST: China expands lockdowns to cover 10 cities with a total of about 33 million people. "China is swiftly building a hospital dedicated to treating patients infected with a new virus that has killed 26 people, sickened hundreds and... 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
I don't think "ok boomer" is still a thing... You're about half a month late dude 
THANKS, BUT NO THANKS! China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary! 
Setting the lowest bar possible, Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after her anti-Jewish blood libel retweet, but the coward that she is she won't apologize. It's time for District voters to gang up on her and give her the heave ho 
The man never rests... Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
's new podcast “So You Wanna Be President” is about what it takes to win the nomination, hosted by Chris Matthews. The first two episodes are available right now, listen and subscribe for free on Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. 
The newest coronavirus began at a seafood market at Wuhan, &amp; has killed at least 130 people. In the midst of an outbreak, the US government has chartered a plane to fly US citizens out of China, where they will be screened &amp;, if necessary, quarantined. 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims 
Sen. John Barrasso says House managers did not make the case for impeachment Smart Man ! 
Trump impeachment trial case presented by Adam Schiff praised - - 
How Iran imposes strict adherence to Islamic law with severe, inhuman punishment And the democrats protect the Iranian terrorist regime when Trump takes out their chief military terrorist?What’s wrong with democrats? They are on the wrong side of history 
Benjamin Netanyahu: 'A lot' has changed after killing of Iranian terrorist Soleimani 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing #SocialSecurity plan 
@TeaPainUSA Not only #Trump has been talking about it #MidnightMitchCoverup has, #JoniErnst said she wanted to talk about in "behind closed doors" (Job scared I guess) &amp; a few more #GOPSenators as well. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
I think @JaySekulow needs a ‘Loi-yah” to help him understand FOIA: 
@briebriejoy U no what Brie? If they wanna be mad that’s fine. Just tell em to make sure to keep that same energy. Thats reminds me. Remember when Schumer endorsed Hillary after her borderline racism was a topic of discussion for an entire yr? 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Pictures: People camp out to attend President Trump's 2020 campaign rally | 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' | 
VOTE BLUE 2020 
Just a timely reminder that many GOPhers are just fine with Russia &amp; Putin. "Home from Moscow, GOP senator questions value of existing sanctions" 
.@AriMelber examines the limits of a new defense posed by Republican allies of President Trump amid the Senate impeachment trial: "They're seizing on something you may actually remember from George Costanza in Seinfeld." 
Flip this poll! #2A #Trump2020 #KAGA2020 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it: WaPo 
Buttigieg: Trump is a symptom and cause of many of America's problems #FishingForRobots #Freebies #HillaryEmail 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Once the GOP wins the trifecta in 2020;new laws h/2/b put in place to protect Americans from Gov't &amp;other enemy forces!Term limits for elected officials, suing journalists &amp;parent co (fake news is a killer), will be good starters! 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
@gnuman1979 @RichfordLynn @Shareaholic His mind is the whole problem. Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @senatemajldr @seanhannity @TeamCavuto Wake up time! 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops #news 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
This is outrageous! If this Impeachment trail concludes without #Bolton being a witness this will be a Kangaroo court and will be a Albatross around the Republicans neck for decades. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #SmartNews 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Jersey shores is lit over 100,000 to attend for trump rally that’s my italiano’s for you love it Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Where the hell are the @metoo movement now? Pick a side women! It's not a sliding scale.. Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@LeaderHoyer Steny..... who should we believe a career sleazy politician, OR..... a Harvard Constitutional law professor. Hummmmm....so hard to choose. you’re case was, is illegitimate based on the founding father. 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid Et Tu Brute? Is Washington nothing but back stabbing snakes looking to make a buck. I'm so sick of ex administration traitors running their mouths for fame and fortune. 
@RSLott70 @ChetPowell @RadioFreeTom @JoyAnnReid Videos Joy Reid. It’s electric! 
Sen. Klobuchar responds to Sen. Kennedy saying senators didn't read transcripts of the House impeachment hearings: "I think people have been thoughtfully listening ... Not only are they listening, but what are they hearing and are they going to act... 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation | 
Gabbard: Hillary Clinton is trying to silence me 
The American people overwhelmingly agree that witnesses should be heard in the impeachment trial. @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott put country over party and call for witnesses. 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
More democrat corruption. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
From Discover on Google 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal !!! 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
@WajahatAli @TheRickWilson Oh, and I forgot you're a bigot. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing plan to cut Social Security/Medicare/Medicaid 
Zero respect for Constitutional Law. 🤬😱🤮 
@CNN How come CNN isn't reporting this? Poor Bernie's getting punked again by the DNC ... 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
@tedcruz #verdict Senate Question 🛑 U R G E N T 🛑 Does Adam Schiff Ukraine $60 Million Arms Deal &amp; Igor Pasternak connection relate to "Whistle-blower" Ukraine Corruption Alert to Schiff office=spy on @realDonaldTrump 
Rock on guys @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@jhudd2 @QuinnipiacPoll Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Go # Bret you really suck and ready to move to ONAN ... Bye 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
🗣️What the hell is Fox Entertainment (claiming) News doing saying several Dems support acquittal??!! 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Everything about @realdonaldtrump is an embarrassment. "As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
Jenna Ellis: Trump Senate impeachment trial – Here's where things stand now, what should happen next 
@TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL This is amazing, thank you for having the balls to speak the truth🇺🇸💪🏼♥️ 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
@Scholars_Stage MacArthur put out a call for Christian missionaries to come, and missionaries poured into Japan. They poured into Korea. It didn't work as well, the conversion in Japan, but it certainly did in Korea - Ann Coulter, 2004 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" TRUMP JUST HAS NO IDEA WHAT PEOPLE IN THE MILITARY GO THROUGH . WHY WOULD HE , HE WAS A DRAFT DODGER 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
EVERYBODY!!!!! A MUST WATCH FOR EVERYONE!!!!! Whether Dems or Repubs!!! A TRUE MUST WATCH!!! 
@parscale Fact checking Ken Starr: 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters SNIFF YOUR OWN FINGERS Don.. You’re a POS 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
@RSmiDPCA @CharlieC1B @joniernst @rromona @JoeBiden @realDonaldTrump The internet is forever.. Start watching at 2:50. If anything, Rand Paul say the writing on the wall for the GOP 
You just know, Mike Pence is involved with Trump's EXTORTION attempt of President Zelensky of Ukraine. THIS is a complete trainwreck. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
IVANKA U BETTER SHUT UP AN STAY IN BACKGROUND(GOD) GONE GETCHA! BECAUSE(GOD) DON'T GIVE UH DAMM WHO U ARE, U BETTER PAY ATTENTION TO THIS TRAGEDY THAT HAPPEN A FEW DAYS AGO,(GOD)IS TRIED OF U PEOPLE, FOLKS WHO GOT SENSE THEY CONCERN ABOUT(GOD) NOT TRUMP 
@SenSanders Didn't your wife cause a college to close? Wonder why that is swept under the rug. Just joking. I know why. 
"Whatever is going on in terms of messaging from Washington [and] what the political tribes are supposed to believe and supposed to want from this—it's not working," @maddow says about polls that show Americans support the idea of hearing from witnesses. 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law what...? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight GOOD! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@InsaneJediGirl The House brought up Biden many times. Must be relevant for the defense to address it. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@GOP @LewisForMN History will remember you for your complete support for the “total rot” in this White House. #GOPCowards #GOPLiars 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' #FoxPolitics 
The spin from Kingston and the rest of the GOP is oddly still astonishing. - Trump impeachment trial watchers call for witnesses in Senate- 
@jhadleyconrad Why do you think they’ve done nothing to protect our elections? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested You have to read this California!!!!!! Billions gone WTH 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt ⁦@MittRomney⁩ @SenSusanCollins ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ will b responsible 4 the demise of Republican Party! Hope they are proud &amp; happy! 
further proof that China is hiding something very nefarious about this disease. This is a bioweapon. 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
More #manatees were killed by #Florida boaters in 2019 than ever before #manateeawareness #marinelife #manateeprotection #marinelifeprotection 
@SenatorCollins Nice video 
I've always heard Chris Matthews, a rather mere and quickly self-excited fool~but which fits well with so very many Americans, religious or non-religious, alike, . . . 
“Don’t confuse me with the facts,” Landgrebe said the day before Nixon’s resignation. “I’ve got a closed mind. I will not vote for impeachment. I’m going to stick with my... 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
@cspan @realDonaldTrump @SenJoniErnst Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Now watch Trump suppoeters will claim "fake news" as usual! First it was CNN was fake news now its ! Another words if its not coming from Trumps mouth its... 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
LOL : Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news'. 
What could possibly drive a young mother to murder her toddler and then end her own life? Colorado murder-suicide: #SuicidePrevention #DepressionIsReal If you or someone you know is in crisis, you are not alone! #Lifeline 1-800-273-TALK can help. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@donlemon now you’re my project! 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low. Getting tired of the elitists patting themselves on the back at every turn. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table #Topbuzz 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@GuiltyHonkey @GavinNewsom no need to IMAGINE that YOUR president is a CRIMINAL: 
"Ahead of the 2016 elections, Donald Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 elections, he's saying ... something very different." 
Who is the FBI’s most wanted American terrorist? Meet Jehad Serwan Mostafa 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP’s Blunt says a bit too much | Cover-up 
In deep blue, Democrat New Jersey, the Republican president had a massive rally earlier. Signs are very bad Democrats in alleged chomo-sexual (i.e. homesexual child-molester) Blaxicrats Corey Booker's home turf. 
Looking forward to this show! What's Eating America with Andrew Zimmern: 
Massive crowds start at 2 AM forming for #Trump’s New Jersey #rally amid impeachment fight. 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
WATCH: @NYTmike takes us inside his big scoop: John Bolton’s unpublished book makes things even more difficult for the president as his impeachment trial resumes in the Senate 
@PinaS1945 @KaraMcKeen @KassandraSeven Man, so racist 
After bullying reporter, Pompeo basks in... 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
HOW CAN THE OCCUPIERS AND OUTSIDERS SUGGEST THE RULES??? 
Trump is scum. 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate | #WitnessesAndDocuments ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ Let’s have a REAL trial ⁦@Aureliansage⁩ 
@SenRickScott @JoeBiden Tapes, videos, photos yeap buckle up it’s going to be a bumpy ride Senator ! See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
@CNN and @donlemon nice job bringing the National Enquirer to television. Network of cry baby woke little fakes. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees #SmartNews 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
"If you don't know, now you know." Impeachment manager Rep. Jeffries quotes The Notorious B.I.G. in concluding his answer to a Trump lawyer's question about why the US Senate is gathered for the trial. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
: San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. @GoogleNews 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments... 
Once again the ⁦@GOP⁩ caves.... McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
@JohnCornyn said he’s not in favor of subpoenaing the Bolton manuscript: “I think we know all we need to know." And what we know, is that you are trying to cover up the president's crimes. We all see you. #JohnCornyn #RepublicanCoverUp 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@CNN panel faces backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes #BasketOfDeplorables2020 
Lindsay you are totally unbelievable.if your head was on a pike it would be crooked as hell. Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
BOOM! West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede #MAGA #USA #Patriots 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Pay attention. Do you really believe Americans are that stupid? You traitors will be relived in documentaries for generations to come! 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
And @RonJohnsonWI went to Russia as well. 
Fear and anxiety grip the White House 
Chuck Rosenberg: 'You don't trade' witnesses 
"Santorum backer: Obama tried to 'nuke' Charleston" 
Philadelphia man surrenders after Allen Iverson's backpack stolen with $500G in jewelry inside 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash what utter tragedy! May they rest in peace. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
The rich just pissed off a whole big city of voters. They won’t forget this November that the GOP is only the party of the rich. #GOPpartyoftheRich 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? VOTE 
"Disney brings sporks back to Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge, but this time, for sale" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@SenRickScott @realDonaldTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses and you know it. Now, you lost our votes here (about 15), if you do the right thing we might reconsider 
@MookeyMookerson @NathanJRobinson @maddow Here it is. Yes, she does mention Reality's name this one time. WARNING: misleading analysis of timeline 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
@ilhanomar thinks the US is a horrible country.... Hmmm Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@EliseStefanik From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@POTUS Trump issues his 2-State Peace Plan for Israel &amp; Palestine. Wanna bet @RepRashida @Ilhan Omar find fault with it, as will anyone who does not want peace in the Middle East? #2StatePeacePlan #MiddleEastPeacePlan 
@BCunningham215 @marcushjohnson He's literally LEADING with non-white voters. 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
McCaskill: #Trumps lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied. 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Sen. Tester on the Senate impeachment trial: "Get the folks with the first-hand knowledge. Hunter Biden does not have first-hand information about what the president's done." 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
ROFL🤣🤣🤣 How did ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ think for a second ⁦@HillaryClinton was done?? The devil doesn't stop!!⁩ Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
A lengthy but fascinating interview with @josephabondy and the audio of DJT interacting / conversating with Lev Parnas Courtesy @maddow #TrumpKnowsParnas 
@melisianyc @JoeBiden Bernie has the most support amongst non-white voters. This is a fact. 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Go ahead. Eat each other. 
WHY ARE THEY GOING TO BE HELD FOR 12 DAYS? WE HAVE BEEN TOLD YOU CAN BE CONTAGIOUS WITHOUT SIGNS OF ILLNESS. Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
#NEW: Audio and video from what Lev Parnas says was a 2018 Trump donor dinner. I see Gucci loafers and fine, formal dinnerware, the usual accoutrements of Trump's working man base. 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed . OK BITCH!!! SHE SHOULD BE 'BLACKLISTED' IN HOLLYWOOD OVER THIS!!! I HOPE IT HAPPENS!!! 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Sen. Romney says "it's very likely" he'll be in favor of calling witnesses in President Trump's impeachment trial, but "I haven't made a decision finally yet." 
"Robert Costa, national political reporter for the Washington Post, talks with Rachel Maddow about an apparently unprompted statement from Marc Short, Mike Pence's chief of staff, about Donald Trump's Ukraine scheme and the questions it raises about Pence" 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight A moral obligation to show up reject the racism, bigotry, misogyny, violence, &amp; corruption of this administration,” Then stand up to the media they are the one who labeled him as such 
No..... The elderly don't need healthcare or S.S. for sustenance, but keep throwing money toward the rich and the stupid wall. In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
NO 💩 &amp; the JUDGE SAID NOTHING, but when Adam Schiff 　 House Democrats Senate Democrats did a CLAPBACK at the LIE JUDGE Roberts now wanna admonish "BOTH SIDES" sighting SENATE DECORUM .. after listening to TRUMPS ATTORNEYS LIE 13 HOURS. now aint... 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN Wow! This shit just keep coming! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza While #impeachment goes on. Trump is fighting towards peace in the Middle East. He just keeps knocking down doors. #Israel #Palestine #peace 
Expect Trump to seek revenge for impeachment: fmr. Trump employee 
Sharpton: Virginia gun rally on MLK Day throws ‘salt in the wound’ of King’s legacy 
A new episode of “Get Tammy Bruce” at #FoxNation has landed, wherein I discuss the segment on CNN turning into a laugh-fest, mocking President Trump and the American people. But we've seen this before, haven't we? Details: 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
But there were no soldiers injured in the Iranian attacks. I guess brain injuries don't count when your president doesn't seem to have one. 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
"If the world keeps burning fossil fuels at the current rate, it will cross a threshold into environmental ruin by 2036," Mann wrote in Scientific American 6 years ago, in which time emissions have risen even further and are still increasing. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him':DEM/Socialist are the only ones who use GOVT OFFICE TO GET RICH BIDENS OBAMAS CLINTONS TOOK OFFICE CRYING POOR HOUSE LEFT OFFICE AS MULTI MILLIONAIRES 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@duckenvy @djbryce @teddygoff @philthatremains People who go to airports. CNN pays airports to air exclusively their news. 
Tom Homan hits back at AOC for bashing ICE at Sanders rally: Her statements are 'dangerous' and 'idiotic' 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Pentagon likely deploying anti-missile system to Iraq after Iran missile attack | There should have been some Patriot missiles in place right after the killing of the Iranian general. Trump left the base defenseless against missiles. 
China's women's Olympic soccer team quarantined in Australia 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. #RemoveTrumpNow 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
@Acosta has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Tucker Carlson’s calling someone else a snake is just hilarious. 🔻🔻🔻 
@BillKristol @MelissaJPeltier @ForTheRuleOfLaw You left out 2 key words: Evangelical Homophobic President Pence. He knew, was in on it &amp; is a co-conspirator. Recall who recommended him as VP? Instead it should be, as a growing number of Americans realize, Madam President Pelosi 
Polls show sizable public support for Trump's impeachment 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Senate GOP argues about hearsay evidence but refuses to allow witnesses with firsthand knowledge to testify. #VoteTheRedOut #OneVoice1 #Election2020 #VoteBlue #GOPVotingBlue 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Russian officials rescue over 500 'amateur' fishermen who got stranded on giant ice floe #news #breaking #fox 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial #ImpeachmentTrial 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
When is enough enough? 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday 
@realDonaldTrump In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Ilhan may want to start this in her home state. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"I think she did a good job. Her technique was nice," Banda Aceh Sharia police chief investigator Zakwan told AFP of the new recruit." 😳 -Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law- 
⁦@MittRomney⁩ &amp; the other republican morons just got played. This Bolton book manuscript was leaked to a liberal newspaper &amp; done so anonymously. The book doesn’t come out for months. Who do you think leaked it &amp; why now Romney! You’re a fool! 
#DemsCity : America's top 5 deadliest cities 
@AlexSpring17 @thepointwithlx She's literally worried about a national pride issue over an individual's personal view about a specific incident. Meanwhile, she's not covering her government's refusal of international help... Where's her national pride with that??? 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell America, wake up! The Dems are crazy. If you vote for one of.these jokers, your not only stupid, your not a true American. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT IS NOT A FRIEND BUT AN ENEMY BUT THE CHINESE PEOPLE ARE FRIENDS OF AMERICA 
Tom Cotton called on the Trump administration Tuesday to impose a "targeted travel ban" on flights to the United States from China to stem the spread of the coronavirus. Wonder if Do Nothing Democraps are going To Protest this as Well as un-american? 
From Discover on Google 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews #TrumpGOPLawlessness @MAGA @GOP ANYBODY ELSE WD BE IN JAIL &amp; Some republicans might be charged there acting like corrupt mob bosses wtf 🥵🥵🥵 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
"...Bolton's team tells NBC that they supplied the White House with a single copy of Bolton's book manuscript so that it could undergo a security review. They say copies of it were made, and that any leaks of the book did not come from them." 
On third day of opening statements, new audio appears to CONFIRM Trump's role in Ukraine plot. #AmericansWantWitnesses 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' vía 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
home sick from Infowars please check out for the duration #FishingForRobots #Python #Anonymous @SSS_Retweets #NonExecs #DesignThinking @GamingRTweeters #Catgirl @FMC_RTs #Ethics #MachineLearning #ServiceDesign @FearRTs #Hockey @SGH_RTs 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
🙄... Ok, boomer... Stop being such a snowflake... 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.28.20 
@realDonaldTrump Bwa-ha-ha. Let's trade, Flash. All Repubs should watch this: 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
@realDonaldTrump Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Great interview and a GREAT DAY for a Trump Rally!! 🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸 #Trump2020 #KAG 👍 
Skid Row voter fraud: Prosecutors say homeless offered cash, cigarettes in exchange for hundreds of signatures #News #Duke #Trump @RealDonaldTrump 
@MTnutz @Roadeyez @Theodora500AD @wispylashes @bearguy51p @OldBabyDave Even agrees with me: "Among reasons for the deficit: the Trump-backed $1.5 trillion tax cut in 2017 and the sharp increases in spending for the military and domestic programs passed by Congress in 2018." 
Former Watergate prosecutor on Trump lawyers’ defense arguments 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica | #Qanon #WWG1WGA 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
⭐See from 04:33 of this video⭐ - "Sen. Warner: GOP hasn't proven why Hunter Biden would be as relevant a witness as Amb. Bolton" 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote | 
Feminists you want to take this one? #islam #religionofpeace 
@AshPh @NekoLalex Also, John DeStefano was who he was talking to, and he was Trump's aide and personal assistant at the time. Nice try though. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch #SenateCoverup #SenateTrial #impeachment 
US DIPLOMATS FROM WUHAN, ARRIVE IN US 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Trump versus Sanders.. one for the ages...and one that the spits in the face of the elites... 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? @ 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
LATEST: China expands lockdowns to cover 10 cities with a total of about 33 million people. 
I'm hopscotching to an abandoned WalMart so please yell at #FishingForRobots #FreeCalifornia #GiletsJaunes #DesignSprint #HealthyRecipes @FearRTs #Economist #Hockey #GoGoCosplay @DNRRTs #NonExecs #Jobs #MachineLearning @SSS_Retweets 
They have all the material, they just aren’t going to turn it over. Guilty as charged. 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law ....THIS IS DISGUSTING 
Tuesday’s Mini-Report, 1.28.20 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
Buttigeig will get to the bottom of this. From Discover on Google 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" 
"Jessica Simpson admits she always had alcohol cup 'filled to the rim' with her before sobriety" FOX NEWS 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
And even if Bolton’s allegations – which Trump denies – are true, Trump’s legal team said that the president still can’t be impeached because there is no underlying crime. Sekulow warned such a standard on impeachment would paralyze future presidents. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@ananavarro There aren’t enough characters on Twitter to start listing the number of unqualified kids who have cashed in on their names, so that argument doesn’t hold water! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Polls show sizable public support for Trump's impeachment 
Lawrence on 'high crimes and misdemeanors' 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours , THE GOP HAVE GOTTEN THEIR WAY IN ORDER NOT TO IMPEACH TRUMP...SAD NEWS. BUT IT WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY THE IMPEACHMENT. 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill reacts to Pres. Trump's defense lawyer Jay Sekulow seemingly calling for John Bolton to testify when he referred to new reporting from Bolton's book as "unsourced." "The source is right there, he's saying, 'Come on, call me.'" 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
: China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary. @GoogleNews 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump - NBC News @nuzzel 
Tragic &amp; avoidable... Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Here is actual audio to listen to... some video... 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj gets 25 years to life in prison for child rape An 11-year-old little girl. Think about that. 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
#KAG Voters NEED To call as many Senators ☎️ as POSSIBLE &amp; take names of those blocking this millions$ Coup Ends! Thieves &amp; traitors! McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Mitt Romney betrayal never ends! He’s more Democrat than Republican! 
End this sh¡t 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
THIS is how we know that the President’s Impeachment Defense Team hit a grand slam. The socialist communist fake Dems are already making new, unsubstantiated ridiculous claims. I hope they sue SCHUMER big time. 
Dear @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi @MittRomney @CharlesGKoch @georgesoros CC @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC @OANN @BreitbartNews This jives with my understanding of the issue... But the first duty of a soldier IS to be a GOOD SOLDIER! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #Trump2020 
@FrancoSoto27 @MoveOn @senatemajldr As far as withholding aid he needed Congressional approval which he never got. 
And ppl wonder Why SF is a chithole! : San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
I'm dying LMAO! @ @lizzo #TruthHurts 
No fan of Sanders, but I think @HardballChris is projecting what he would do in the circumstances unto Bernie. @hardball @BernieSanders @JoeNBC 😂🤣😇 👇 
Trump rejects inconvenient part of the US Constitution as 'phony' | 
@TPUSA From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Rep. Nadler tells @AriMelber that House impeachment managers may call for fmr. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly to testify in the Senate impeachment trial. 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO 
@jmfrantz @marklevinshow Reported what, exactly, and what evidence did he provide? 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch DONALD J TRUMP should be impeached Donald J Trump is Heard saying to get rid of the Ukraine Ambassador Lev ! 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Senator Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children — Says Schumer should be sued for Defamation. I AGREE!!! SCHUMER IS AND HAS ALWAYS BEEN A JERK!!!! 
perfect. 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
.@AriMelber presses Rep. Meadows on President Trump and seeking foreign help investigating Americans. 
Using classic crim defense tactic when client is guilty - throw whatever against wall and see what sticks. ‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
'Dersh-o-mania!': Laurence Tribe demolishes Trump lawyer's 'Wizard of Oz' impeachment defense 
"The Walmart shopper" So . . . which party is playing into stereotypes about class? 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
So much for not knowing Parnas. One more lie is all it is. 
This explains perfectly to me how there are still white women, poor and middle class, and poc supporting ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩! 
All you need to know about Ken Starr’s defence. 
Prepare for brutal character assassination. "We have laid out a devastating case against the president as it relates to his corrupt abuse of power," says Rep. Jeffries, a House impeachment manager and Democrat. "The facts are uncontested, The... 
Key numbers to know as Trump's defense team presents case 
@GOP gives new meaning to the words hypocrisy and lickspittle. 
This is bad news for Bernie Clinton allies (Including Skippy Podesta) named to key Democrat convention committees- 
Time for Trump to testify under oath: Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand @NicolleDWallace @DeadlineWH 
* Sharpton * Who lives off non-profits Critizising TRUMP ! Is this A Joke ? @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn @GovMikeHuckabee @charliekirk11 Al Sharpton: Parnas tape 'very bad' for Trump 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachedTrump also doesn't know Lev Parnas, right? 
Your boy is walking to the lake please read also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #Ethics #Anonymous @SympathyRTs @SSS_Retweets #BigData @LaZy_RTs #GuildBulletin @GamingRTweeters #PHP #Eventi #Tunisia #FreeCalifornia #DesignThinking 
“Joni Ernst said the quiet part loud yesterday, suggesting Team Trump’s attacks against Biden were less about presenting a legal defense during an impeachment trial, and more about influencing the outcome of an election.” 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
A lesson to be taken here! This is how a few angry liberals and a hashtag shut down a Trump rally in Chicago in 2016... 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NYT Reporter who broke story on Bolton’s manuscript joins Kasie DC 
As Dumbshit Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
@funder Meanwhile ---&gt; Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally. 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
There’s a Rally tonight! 😁👏🏼👏🏼. Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Exactly what this same ilk of lunatics did, in early 1950's, during the McCarthy Commie Witch-hunt era... solid citizens were destroyed in a shameful , false just insane frenzy of lies by people JUST like the Trumpets. Dumbo, psuedo-patriotic lowlifes. 
Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.28.20 
Trump announces plan for two-state solution to bring peace to the Middle East #AAG #AAG2020 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Well well...San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
'Dersh-o-mania!': Laurence Tribe demolishes Trump lawyer's 'Wizard of Oz' impeachment defense 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Anxiously awaiting @RealDonaldTrump’s signature on #USMCA. GREAT news for #NC10. 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham he wil do or say anything to enjoy the Strom Thurmond retirement home (Senate) #termlimits 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
.@MaddowBlog: Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries 
@JimInhofe @realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh Dershowitz was for Nixon's impeachment and against Clinton's impeachment and voted for Hillary and he's a democrat. It's all in the video in the link. You can't beat Alan's arguments. 
Polls show sizable public support for Trump's impeachment 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested The corrupt Democrats will say different 
@HoselMr @POTUS When not wanting our soldiers to be RENTED OUT TO THE PEOPLE THAT 9/11 ed us - makes you the enemy of freedom, you must be a CONservative. You must REALLY be swimming in the kool-aid. Usually you cowards block me by now. 
Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20: Today's edition of quick hits. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Sen. Merkley: I absolutely want Lev Parnas to testify in Senate 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
One thing about USA that has always been true, we help everybody, every country when a natural disaster or a medical outbreak happens. Proud of Trump Admin for getting out there quickly. 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
History's judgment moved sources for new book on Trump 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
"We're making it hard for you to say, 'I don't want to hear from these people, don't want to see these documents,'" Rep. Schiff said. "It's not our job to make it easier for you. It's our job to make it hard to deprive the American people of a fair trial." 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #SmartNews 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Don’t know what to say. —-&gt;McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
I have never liked Bolton. But I've never known him to lie... 'Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
@marclamonthill @KendrickPerkins @AlisonMorrisNOW If she was on yall would be crucifying her right about now. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
.@BarbMcQuade is bringing her legal expertise to the @ Daily this week. Subscribe here: 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
@GOP Rich considering that this admin has appointed more people to its cabinet with zero experience for the job than any in history. The main criteria for picking his cabinet seems to be willingness to break the law &amp; insufferable sycophancy. Example: 
Exactly ... Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
NBCNews: FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Ocasio-Cortez rips 'shameful' Supreme Court ruling allowing 'public charge' immigration rule 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Virginia officially became the critical 38th state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, clearing the way for likely court fights over whether the measure can be added to the U.S. Constitution. 
In other words, this is a show, not a trial. But then we already knew that! "Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Uhmm ... isn't this just another example of saying the quiet part out loud? We know Mitch wants to block witnesses, but couldn't he try to be a bit more discrete about it? 🤔 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
⁦@KWT62⁩ what does he mean by inadmissible? 😂🤣 
@SenateGOP @GOPLeader Know YOUR facts 
.@POTUS Oh snap 🥊 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
⁦@AB84⁩ THAT IS THE BEST JERSEY YOU HAVE WORN YET. IT FITS YOU!! WHAT A DISGUSTING DISGRACE TO THE @NFL AND ALL THE KIDS THAT USED TO LOOK UP TO YOU. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Republicans r weak people that’s Y u get shafted. Bolton’s book means nothing and Alan Dershowitz said so. It’s bs and ur falling for dems bs. 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell john bilton just farted Warren sniff it mmmmm 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
: CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes'. @GoogleNews No they don't. IDIOT 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
#Trump #ImpeachmentTrial defense reached into the bowels of #hypocrisy and yanked out #KenStarr who wants us to believe presidents should be impeached for cunnilingus but not for #CORRUPTION. #SandmanSims come sweep this absurdity off the stage! @maddow 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Who saw that segment on CNN, two people?🤣😂 The Clown News Network is tanking! #KAG2020 CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
That's because smart people won't work for @realDonaldTrump ! 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump impeachment trial opening arguments in two minutes 
"...is it really necessary for the president of the United States to employ a lead attorney who is unable to understand words?” 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
This woman is going to end up bringing down a prince, separating a family, pissing off the queen, and setting back race relations for what?? Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views Gay intolerance! 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." Watch @maddow 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
That #KenStarr didn't say "I might not be the best guy to make that argument" when asked by @realDonaldTrump to present for the WH, says pretty much all you need to know Ken Starr and the Clinton impeachment. 
Watch! This is why Joe Biden resonates with voters: Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation | 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
BREAKING: In 5-4 ruling, US Supreme Court issues order allowing Trump admin. to begin enforcing new limits on immigrants who are considered likely to become overly dependent on government benefit programs. 
Another Rally! Another Win! As the impeachment charade continues our great leader is not backing down! Expect huge USA, USA, USA chants! &amp; huge boos at the mention of Schifty, Nadless &amp; Schmuck! Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally 
#China spurned #CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: #USHealthSecretary @GlobalCRL :Rejection of qualified offers of cooperation and assistance in a #GlobalEmergency appears as a selfish and arrogant mistake by #CCP. @demosisto 
From - Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
America will remember the senators that are backing the obvious lies Trump’s impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #SmartNews 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
@4lowfun @JerryGrooms @SenatorBraun And yet with your stmt of having no facts, Americans aren’t with him: The House voted to impeach President Trump at the end of last year -do you think the Senate should vote to convict him and remove him from office, or not? YES 50% to NO 44%. 
"Wednesday's Mini-Report, 1.22.20" SOME GOOD STUFF IN HERE 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
'X-files' of UFO sightings over United Kingdom to be released for the first time 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' lähteestä 
State Dept. releases docs that show how Giuliani's smear campaign vs. Yovanovitch reached Pompeo 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
DEMS have always exploited &amp; abused their elected positions--one only has to track BLUE ZONE politicians to see just how fat they've gotten off of the taxpayers. Places like Baltimore, Chicago, Detroit all suffer under DEM "leadership"-&amp; arrests prove it. 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Best use for a Nerf gun ever? 😂😂😂 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying 
You are going to be needing those food stamps that your buddy Trump is cutting off 
Never-before-seen Titanic artifacts on display for first time in Las Vegas 
@marcjsamuels @Politics_Polls Trump's out MAGA. Accept it. 
He has no remorse, and could do it again. 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing Little fagot don lemon thinks it’s ok to mock any voter is a total joke CNN ! Get rid of the girl now ! Piece of shit reporter !!! 
@SenateGOP @raiderracygirl1 @SenJohnBarrasso The people are awakened.. 
@MarshaBlackburn Would that be the same Russia that several of your @gop colleagues spent Independence Day 2018 in? 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says - 
@realDonaldTrump "Trump an incoherent spectacle at G7; W.H. struggles to clean up"😂 
True. Very Important! Crucial to United States National Security! I say! ✊🇺🇸🌷👊👍 Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
America laughs at San Francisco’s shithole of corruption 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@tedfrank @MollyJongFast His base wouldn’t care. Look at this poll 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@SenRickScott @JoeBiden See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
Democrats lay out case for removing President Trump 
Germany confirms first coronavirus case 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script : ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ are you kidding. You’re going to lose votes this way. You won’t see Dems doing this. SMH. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions - 
I’m shocked. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' - @SenatorRomney - Listen to him and others &amp; quit being a RINO! 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump knows Parnas and told him to lose Yovanovich. 
Justin Bieber admits he questioned if he could 'be faithful' to Hailey Baldwin before marriage proposal 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
The Democrats aren't struggling with Black voters, Black voters HAVE AWAKENED! We Blacks can look around and see the SAME 3rd WORLD neighborhoods that our family has lived in for DECADES, has been governed by Democrats. Quite simply really...😌 #MAGA🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Pregnant mom brings Nerf gun to hospital to keep husband awake: 'Mom hack level 10,000' 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Good ! 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Today's homepage features 56 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
JUST IN: China's coronavirus death toll climbs to 80 as the government scrambles to contain the outbreak. 
The #DNC otherwise known as ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ learned nothing from having handed the Whitehouse to trump by undermining ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ in 2016! They are the biggest barricade to party unity. #StopTheDNC from rigging the system again this year. 
What a lier and cheat this a**hole is. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump should step down. 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
I'm from St.Louis, Mo. The homicide rate was alteady bad. Then the redumblicans made it worse with very lax gun laws. WE HAVE NONE. And for idiot's that keep using Chicago as the homicide capital. 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
I wonder why China would refuse help from the CDC to contain this bio virus they released in their country? Could it be they're hiding something? Communists are always forthcoming, right? Kinda like our commie dimocrats? 👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼 
Trump allies talk up Bernie Sanders as his numbers surge in Iowa 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@realDonaldTrump I don't thing BOGUS @potus @realdonaldtRumpe will win in Wisconsin this year... 
Hillarious, Trump lawyer needles 2020 Dems on Senate floor: 'You should be in Iowa right now' That ends democrats 2020 rallies if whitnesses are called, While President Trump rallies on... #foxnewsfacts 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Can you hear Ricky's voice now? Ronin is coming for Don . 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say Bolton has a book to sale, He has nothing worth hearing, He’s a snake and will say anything to help his book sale!! 
@bama_hoo @Turbo_Buffalo @KysportstalkSEC You people are regurgitating nonsense from a Daily Beast blog post. The severity of the victims "injuries" was exaggerated. Prosecution's own expert witness determined that they could have resulted from consensual sex. 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Why Trump might not fight on executive privilege 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
what you think is irrelevant, that's one and explain how it is relevant , even if Hunter were guilty of something, we have a whole DOJ to investigate him. and asking a foreign country to do so for a ransom is WRONG. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
Corruption was in @berniesanders blood as mayor or Burlington VT as Bernie funneled money to Jane Sanders as Peter Schweizer details: #BernieIsCorrupt #SeltzerMan #SavageNation 
We could have hope that they are still able to feel shame. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Pardon the vulgarity, but if Roberts has one single molecule of judiciousness or legality in him, he ought to be all over this like flies on shit. 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
Trump's self-image takes precedence in White House business: book 
Mercedes-Benz truck climbs volcano to break high altitude driving record 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was ‘really offensive’ #SmartNews 
@WhiteHouse looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Sen. Amy Klobuchar to Senate Republicans: "You're supposed to protect our Constitution." #11thHour 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Influencer's selfie photo-bombed by penguins having sex - 
Yesterday January 27th 
@realDonaldTrump He's also the biggest sexual predator on CNN! 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador #foxandfriends #foxnews #tcot #tlot #msnbc #cnn #politics Shared TweetCaster Shared TweetCaster 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
After the evacs come home, they should all be quarantined. Then shut down all flights coming into and out of the US. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Lol all of this nonsense over "ok boomer" How about ok snowflake. Then again the breed is dying for a reason. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 🇺🇸 Summons Away! 
Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia= Now we know why Trump won the 2016 elections,by cheating with the help of the Russians and with the connivance of the GOPs!! 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low Who needs their SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST BS??? 
He looks like he's 14. Still, what a jerk. He stole it during the worst time period, too, as I know AI is feeling Kobe's passing big time.- @GoogleNews 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Dems gonna have hold this Genki dama 🙆🏻‍♂️ 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Crime surged in South Bend, Indiana under Mayor Pete Buttigieg | 
Insignificant brain injuries? @POTUS makes this diagnosis and predicts this prognosis? Besides pathologically lying, @POTUS disrespects American lives/troops by dismissing their well-being. 
So, it turns out that sometimes small time crooks actually tell the truth about big time crooks🤷 #Trump #LevParnas #Ukraine 
THING 1 THING 2: Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution. #inners 
* Paul Batura: Trump revives Mount Rushmore's July 4 celebration — and the use of common sense 
So true!!! Call the #Witnesses #DonaldTrump ordered not to testify. Demand the #Documents #trump doesn't want #Americans to see. Listen to @LindseyGrahamSC #WitnessesAndDoucuments #ImpeachmentTrial 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
We know exactly what he meant. Unconscionable!😡 "'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing #readify #news 
Trump's relationship with John Bolton deteriorated quickly. We took a look back and asked @CarolLeonnig to react. Learn more: #11thHour 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@JoeBiden Trump wasn’t the only one to cut food stamps. Obama and @JoeBiden cut food stamps, too. We’re in a class war! It’s the billionaires vs us. Which side are you on? 
Good job Don Lemon Laura Ingraham Jessie Watters Tucker Carson are boothlickers for Trump and his second hand scumbags HaHaHa!!! 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier - 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@Chris70909106 @dvillella @realDonaldTrump The COLA(cost of living allowance?) happens each January. Nothing to do with Trump. These cuts will effect several republicans that voted for him, also. They played a game of cut-throat, it back-fired and we all lose. 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case this whole dem party has really bad case of SO WHAT? WHAT ARE THEY GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? WE DONT HAVE TO BE ACCOUNTABLE FOR ANYTHING WE DO OR SAY. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
wow!!! this didn't age very well....... 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Shooting death of young woman activist returns spotlight to 'femicides' in Mexico 
Anyone else starting to think China is using viruses &amp; fentanyl as weapon? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Utah-ans need to primary @MittRomney OUT of his seat. Tired of those who care more about themselves than OUR Constitution and Our Country. John Sununu says Mitt Romney is being influenced by his personal dislike for President Trump 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ | 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
@TheBrandonMorse Great piece!! Appropriate reference to Rep Brian Sims, but don't forget to mention that many people gave money to fund a #ProLife charity in his area; it raised over $100K. Total backfire 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@JRubinBlogger Might be a little careful, dear. One of your “reporters” already suspended for some Kobe controversy. BOSSES looking for more of your empty heads to roll!! Have to do SOMETHING to regain any cred. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
If we did immigration AOC'S (Bernie) way there would be no private clubs and we would all be living in tents on the street. AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
@realDonaldTrump Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Hey Hollywood, perhaps you’d like to take a gander at this. ⁦#WalkAway 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Guess ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ @aoc ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ support this. 
From Discover on Google 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
Prayers for the islands. #Tsunami #Cuba #JamaicaEartquake #earthquake #earthquakes 
What's Eating America: A New Limited Series on with Andrew Zimmern | January 22, 2020 #news 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Just in time! Hooray! Lots of Rat in this administration. The Year of the Rat's incredible political coincidences 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@ckchumley @WashTimes You fail to see the difference between socialism and democratic socialism. Here's some education from : 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments #SmartNews I don’t give a shit about Bolton’s book, as long as he testifies. 
@LiYuan6 @SolomonYue I don't know if they know that their government has refused help offer from the international communities. 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? We may not have a History if Trump is not removed. 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Marine veteran cybersecurity expert explains why cyber-warfare is now a common doctrine, how state-sponsored cyber-attacks, like Iran, could cripple the U.S. mainland, and why a U.S. cyber-army is the cheapest army to mobilize. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary They eat the brains out of living monkeys by slicing their heads tops off and they eat dogs now they pay the price for killing such innocent animals 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer calls on Senate Republicans to vote for John Bolton testimony. 
AC Milan preparing tribute to Kobe Bryant ahead of cup game 
Loeffler, the appointed senator, suggested that Republicans should stop seeking the truth because such pursuits might benefit “the left.” 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ John definitely is a warhawk. I remember watching him on fox and he would always be wanting to start some war somewhere. He's a mad man. 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
THIS is a billboard for what so many, what used to be, Major New Networks are doing wrong. 1. TRYING TO BE THE NEWS!!! Instead of REPORTING THE NEWS. 2. They are trying to be influencers. Not a news service! @CNN FAIL! @donlemon 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
@SassyGirlBoss Yep. Straight from the horse's aas himself. 
'Things happen': GOP still can't answer key Trump scandal question 
@McFaul She only came out unscathed because she made shameless and dishonest statements praising the president. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez who formed the historic "Wet line" and beat migrants with baseball bats 
😂😂 You thought they didn’t want Bolton to testify didn’t you? MSM has been screaming for it and now they’re gonna get it #qanon ⁦@realDonaldTrump McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script 
Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of Reporter shows 'total rot' in White House. 
I'm sure these US citizen evacuees will be treated with care &amp; compassion and the same eyes on our citizens safety 
Team Trump: Presidents can't be impeached for abuses of power #politics #readify 
A good clip summary of the latest Trump #Impeachment news: 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
We are so proud of Lori and all our Quitters who speak out in defense of life and reveal the ugly truth about the abortion industry! #WeLoveQuitters #TuesdayThoughts 
Biased liars on @ has gotten away with their racist/bigoted TDD for 3 years now. Nobody listens to you. Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
@SenSchumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses @ Senator Schumer, it seems clear to me that, this Trial should consist of Opening Statements, Witnesses &amp; Documents, then Questions &amp; Final Judgement. #FairTrial 
Senator for 3 weeks &amp; she's a #GOPComplicitTraitors So the logic is if you're seeking facts for a trial you're trying to appease the left. Do you hear how foolish you sound? Figure your voters are stupid enough to buy it? #Georgia 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Are those the Ewoks? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
75% of registered voters say witnesses should testify in the Senate impeachment trial, according to a new Quinnipiac poll. 
Woke up this morning to a shooting last night in Vegas, the president attack Shiff, the republican Congress not doing their jobs. Then saw this from earlier in the morning. God I do... 
@marcorubio when will truth open your eyes or has the cost of selling your integrity and honor cost you the last of your dignity? Truth will continue to come out and your respect will be lost forever. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
A plane carrying about 210 U.S. citizens evacuated from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the deadly coronavirus, was diverted Tuesday to California’s March Air Reserve Base "for the logistics that they have," an official said. 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
I would like liberals to read this and insert the name "Trump" everywhere Sanders is mentioned. It would make their heads explode. I'm not interested in a billion turned politician's net wealth. I'm interested in the politician turned billionaire. 
@realDonaldTrump HEY DIPSHIT you say no Americans were injured??? 
@NPRKelly @npratc Funny he was invited to be interviewed about Iran, the threat of, "WW3", And nuclear Weapons for the theocratic regime and ALL the stories are about a female ambassador that was replaced. 
Hey @GOP WAKE UP!!! Get rid of this jackass trump for the good of the #usa and your own damn party. He is a criminal, a cheat, a Russian puppet and you KNOW IT. 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' - 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide ⁦@MittRomney⁩ 
House releases new Parnas evidence #SmartNews 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
One of Trump's top congressional allies sentenced in corruption case #GOP #Republican #Resist 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@tribelaw Hunter will be busy, Defending his dad, In front of LINDSEYS committee! Trump team touched on both, but left plenty of meat on both carcasses to keep LINDSEY interested. Probably start a week or so before March 3, 2020. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@realDonaldTrump President Trump ordering the firing of U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch. NBC News national political reporter Josh Lederman reveals what else is heard on the audio recording. 
@NoMorePressers @PressSec @realDonaldTrump @March_for_Life No I fact checked it. But let me ask you this did you bitch and complain about it when the House did this in 2013? or when Obama did this in 2014 ? Just wondering. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Donald Trump claimed he didn't know Lev Parnas and wasn't involved in the firing of U.S. Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch. New reports of an undisclosed recording suggest those claims weren't true. 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
@GeorgeWept In my state we have plenty. Some of them are my family❤️ 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Cave Dwellers and Their Knder Side. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
I can honestly say, I can't think of a group of people who deserve this more, they've earned it contiual hate and unsolicited options, egomanicas are boring 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
@monitor5monitor @thehill LMAO Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Republican strategists using their methods to defeat the Republican president 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
BREAKING LISTEN: Audio recording appears to show President Trump order firing of ( Marie Yovanovitch) the U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
@realDonaldTrump Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Ted Cruz reacts to testimony from the president's defense team 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
@harambe_fren McConnell is out in front of Shumer. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@JimInhofe @jameslankford Don't be complicit. Call witnesses! NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
@ewong @davidjoachim @NPRKelly Right now, nothing is more important than the damning evidence in this audio clip. Everything else is an orchestrated distraction. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics $1000/hr. 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others GOOD ARTICLE. ⁦@POTUS⁩ 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet #DataPrivacyDay2020 
Oh look! Thousands of 'rubes' standing in the cold waiting for our President in Blue State New Jersey. Us 'rube's are gona have the last laugh, @CNN #Wildwood 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare #CUTS On The Table. Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
@SenateGOP who is lying again? Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion #SmartNews 
@JoeBiden Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses. That's 2 Republicans that want to hear witnesses. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska makes 3. Who's next? #OneVoice1 #TrumpResign 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
@soulisclimbing @GraceSm16250397 @R_Nitelight @KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump Yes. Hillary won NJ. My point is that NJ is now very close because of the incredible job Trump has done over the last three years. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight In New Joysey 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre #Faith 
Manchin 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Trump reelection committees by Mark Steyn. We always welcome useful idiots. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
I wonder why? 🤔 Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachedForever 
Hmmmm... If only the rest of news reporters looked into events like these. 🤔 Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Good! Shows some are coming over from the dark side and seeing the light. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Idiot. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Pressure CNN to remove or punish Dan Gainor for making fun of Americans, who end up paying his stupid salary yr after yr! Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials. Bolton has the goods and needs to be able to speak at the impeachment trial. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
The man who paid $25m in fines for a fake university, $2M for a fake charity that has been put out of business is currently in Davos giving a press conference, saying he opposes corruption. "Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book" 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
MAGA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 CNN is a station filled with liars and whiners 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
@Original_Seth_V @Zman_1945 @ThomasOHanlonIV @joerogan @SenSanders I don't like any MSM, but here's a decent description of dem socialism... 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
poop San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
CBP officers in Minnesota seize $900G in counterfeit bills from Chinese shipping container 
Prince Andrew has ‘provided zero cooperation’ in Jeffrey Epstein probe, authorities say 
Fmr. Amb. Susan Rice discusses how President Trump has used foreign relations to "advance his personal political gain." 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine... 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children I hope the Trump's sue Cryin Chucky for every dime he has.. 😎😡🖕 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
I can understand ' efforts to be more fair and balanced. But Juan Williams should be ashamed of the vapid, inane and outright stupid comments he puts forth. I cannot stand to listen to him and mute him every time. He's a completely clueless fool. 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters Clown News Network and it’s 5 viewers are sickening. 
Watch this report! Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Oh boy Mr. EGGHEAD! 
Democrat Illinois ex-lawmaker charged with bribery in red-light camera program | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Gotcha: Are your votes in good hands? 
And he’s right. John Bolton’s BOOK is inadmissible in the trial, but mostly because John Bolton IS available and can be called as a live witness, which IS totally admissible! 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@BernieSanders Perhaps no one has benefited more from Sanders’s career in politics than his wife Jane. #HypocriteOfTheDay 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. Damn, I have to go to a porn site to see female flogging when I could just fly to Indonesia. Ain't Islam wonderful ;) 
@DianeAdamson9 @GovMikeHuckabee well, ma'am, I'm guessing YOU didn't read it. but, you just go right ahead and believe what you want. it must hurt you that the democrat party controlled house did not charge him with any of those mueller investigated crimes . . . (chuckle) 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
I can't say this loud enough It's time for us to go back to the production of our own medicines. We are becoming too dependent on China for our medicine. 80% of all ingredients come from abroad. Ask yourself why everything is marked generic. WAKE UP! 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@marklevinshow But what if he DID report it to the appropriate authorities? 
@evolnemesis @Nick777555 @KahlanKhaos @laureniannotti @denisewu @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @DNC #Laughable #FakeNews so called independent org run by oh yea #Dems! By the way, every impeachment manager voted against giving Ukraine aid! #hypocrites 👇 
@JoeBiden, my grandfather the late Rensselaer County Legislature Majority Leader Jase McGraw will be walking with me on this journey as I work to become a delegate for you. #Biden2020 #CarolineForNY20 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK 
11/ In what was was seen by many as a short-sighted move, the US State Department also cut $200 million in bilateral aid to the Palestinians - much of which was allocated to people-to-people programmes: 
Ivanka rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters #NewsGrit 
Treasonous Turtle challenged !!! Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
This argument cannot be refuted. The 🌎 is watching. Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Bolton’s suspected testimony RE any delay Trump may have stated STILL has no bearing as he released the $ w/o pre-conditions so it’s still mute. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify Thinking the title of article should have been Levin scorches neocon GOP senators. 
#8a259096f92c5445b604b08ed7f5e6a6 49ers' Dee Ford focused on Super Bowl LIV, puts 2018 AFC Championship behind him 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Kobe Bryant, daughter's deaths lead NBA to postpone upcoming Lakers-Clippers game #KobeBryant #NBA #Lakers #Clippers 
Green eyes Mitt Romney is easily manipulated by Democrats. 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
"Just as coaches all over America are looking to replicate @Coach_EdOrgeron’s game plan, candidates &amp; elected officials would be wise to take a page out of @JohnBelforLA's political playbook." @ZacMcCrary on how #LSU &amp; #CJReform are winners in #Louisiana. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
The first two episodes of “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! 6 episodes. 6 themes that separate the winners from the losers. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Let’s pray this, #VisionForPeace, or even dialogue towards peace, is successful. No matter how many times #MSM tries to depress the good things ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ does, we know! #WalkAway #ImpeachmentHoax 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. 
@SenSanders Yet you are a millionaire. And so is your family. 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll | 
I'd love to see the truth come out under oath but the trumps don't, so there will be no lawsuit @RandPaul Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Glenn Kirschner: ‘Vladimir Putin owns Donald Trump’ : Take Note Fellow Americans!!!! 
Recording appears to show Dumbshit Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
.@MaddowBlog: Making the case against witnesses, GOP’s Blunt says a bit too much 
What kind of FN BS "religion" allows for the beating of others? And now women beating other women? Religion of peace my ass. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
California case of coronavirus is 3rd confirmed in US 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
@LewisSalgadoNYC @Kulisu86 @TorreySmithWR here’s a article w/ Trumps own words saying he blocked witnesses. Please do your own research next time though. 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill says GOP senators don't want impeachment witnesses such as John Bolton "because the witnesses are going to swear under oath, in the US Senate, in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, that what happened really happened." 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters /r/politics 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Either it is not really that bad OR it really is THAT bad. China doesn’t want evidence of their crimes against humanity. 
US majority wants to see Trump removed from office. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
@cjdtwit @FIGHT_2_KAG Eric Ciamar3lla phony 'whistleblower' dirty tricks exposed. Where is the 2nd 'whistleblower'? 
Chuck Schumer: 60% of Republicans think witnesses, documents are fair 
Tucker: Bernie Sanders intends to upend America's economic order | 
"The idea that this guy can say, 'Well, I can shoot people'...that, to me, is a precedent," @HardballChris says, referencing a line spoken by Trump during the 2016 campaign. " we're going to show it again and again in history." 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
This is truly bloody pathetic from this Republican tosser, he must think that the entire has been taken over by morons, what a total sh*t he is. Please make sure he gets removed from office "GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness'" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses /sure they do. People lie to pollsters, look at the ratings. Four people are watching the Democrat's partisan impeachment circus. All four might want to hear witnesses, I guess. That's 100%!!!! 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace #SmartNews 
Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad | Proving ⁦@mikepompeo⁩ You Are really demonstrating the worst of Trump’s regime &amp; its driving philosophy of all lies all the time ! Now u &amp; dictator Donny are #TheWorstAmongUs 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Everything in these rules is rigged: Sen. Schumer 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight. BOOM!! 
@DailyCaller Wrong, it’s what Americans think of Trump and his hate-driven cultists, and rightfully so. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
I can't say this loud enough It's time for us to go back to the production of our own medicines. We are becoming too dependent on China for our medicine. 80% of all ingredients come from abroad. Ask yourself why everything is marked generic. 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law 
"Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics" 
"Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case" He's right, they were. Watch 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
This is why the Democrats started the impeachment. Democrats know President Trump will win by a landslide. And then...appoint more Judges &amp; Supreme Court Justices. Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
There's plenty of normal, good tasting things to eat. Stop eating wierd creepy shit! Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
@realDonaldTrump NOTHING? 
Um, no it is not. 
China's women's Olympic soccer team quarantined in Australia 
@Ashley_Reynolds @FredTJoseph Please read more before tweeting straight up nonsense. Here’s Warren BEFORE she ran for president. 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
@ElieNYC @MarinaGipps @chrislhayes @SenJoniErnst For the people who missed it: 
Nuru and Bovis is a great cartoon. @TheDailyShow 
#ecc03aaeeeec501f93113bf8baa947a6 #foxnewsworldconflictssyria Syrian forces, with Russia's help, capture strategic town from rebels 
Bolton claims add pressure to growing calls for witness testimony at Senate impeachment trial | 
Why Reps r taking aim at a war hero to defend 45 Fake News’ Tucker Carlson&amp;Devin Nunes went after Lt. Col Vindman last night, questioning his loyalties &amp; Nunes pushing for his ouster from the WH where Vindman is the top Ukraine expert on the NatSec Council 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Chuck Schumer: 60% of Republicans think witnesses, documents are fair 
Former Watergate prosecutor slams Trump lawyers’ arguments 
Schumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate #ImpeachmentHearings 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
@rich_goldberg There is a reason to do this plan and do it now. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote. "Wacky Dems" 
This is attempted arse covering by Pence because we knew that he was up to his neck in #UkraineScandal since everyone was in the loop Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Trump tweets out massive, off-the-rails lies about impeachment process. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. 
16000+ Whoppers, misdirects and often stupid unnecessary lies... And growing exponentially as the narcissist in chief realises his legacy is dead in the water and that the Trump... 
in Davos, Donald Trump expressed delight over the state of his impeachment trial. Explaining why he was so pleased, the president said, “Honestly, we have all the material. They don’t have the material.” 
Federal teachers' union sues Education Secretary Betsy DeVos for repeal of student protections 
Hillary Clinton slams Sen. Sanders in new interview 
All witness questioning should have been concluded in the house...The Senate needs to conclude this disgrace. JLN 
The Socialist Liberal Democrats And Their Mainstream Media Counterparts Have Wrongly Judged Conservative Trump Supporters 🇺🇸 
Subpoena the Bidens, fine, the Dems will subpoena Ted Cruz' dad to see if he plotted against JFK ... as Trump claimed. Ted Cruz lashes out at Bidens on sidelines of Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Female flogging force unveiled in #Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate #Sharia law💥💥 #TuesdayThoughts😨😨 #TuesdayMotivation 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Book doesn’t alter a thing, media creating a frenzy so republicans back down.. same old playbook seen for 3 years “new info” must be heard, then info fizzlesTrump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable #AfricanAmericans #WhenWeAllVote 
We do want to hear from witnesses 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly. Mom is disorganized! 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
We The People say his testimony IS needed. You work for US, Senator Graham &amp; this November, 2020, we will let you know you ar fired. Vote OUT Lindsey Graham &amp; ALL the other Republicans who are protecting Donald Trump the Tyrant. 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
Biden says he would not cut Social Security benefits as POTUS 
Nobody admonished them for this behavior. 
#Usefulidiots say, “We feel a moral obligation to show up and take a stand, rejecting the racism, bigotry, misogyny, violence, and corruption of this administration,” Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
While a majority of the 32% of Republicans who say Trump has likely done illegal things either during the campaign or while in office also say he should remain in office (59%), about four-in-ten (38%) say the president should be removed from office. 
Key numbers to know as Trump's defense team presents case 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
GOP aggressivePlan B in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source @shellieblum @Cjdtwit @RL9631 @itsjustjill @truthgunner @realerincruz @uberstephanie @buckseriously @heidiponyrider @eavesdropann @gatesrobin @carold502 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
#MoscowMitchCoverUp #DemandAFairSenateTrial #demandWitnessesAndDocuments 'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize @RepRashida is an anti semantic racist and needs to be removed from Congress 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Go Put Sandusky in a cell with Adam Schiff....let Sandusky have at it. Let him work off a shorter sentence. 
@JohnCornyn I bet he thinks #WitnessesAndDocuments are important to a fair trial. #CorruptCornyn 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
U.N. experts call for investigation into possible involvement of Saudi crown prince in hacking Jeff Bezos' phone 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ u resemble the bloody hemorrhoids on a pigs shit pipe! ⁦@drinksJDneat⁩ 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Oh, those cheeky monkeys ... er, penguins! 😂😂😂 
The fix is in. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@Acosta has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
The tape of Thug Trump talking about getting rid of Amb Yovonavich was played last night on Maddow’s show - 
#ImpeachAndRemove @realDonaldTrump Ratings not good...does this mean is also FAKE NEWS? Poll: Record economy ratings, as half say Senate should remove Trump 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
These are #AntiAmerican #terrorists @IlhanMN &amp; @RashidaTlaib's people. NOT IN MY COUNTRY. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020Landslide Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
"This president has restored American Greatness...while upholding the Christian values that have always been fundamental to this country’s success." | Jerry Falwell Jr.: My Trump endorsement was correct — here's how he restored American Greatness 
Schumer on Senate impeachment trial: 'Everything in these rules is rigged' 
Brian Williams: "You'd be forgiven if you tuned in and thought you may have stumbled upon the impeachment of Hunter Biden ... the day was overshadowed by the new and explosive revelations from a forthcoming book by [John Bolton]." 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 💥@donlemon⁩ Low IQ @CNN FakeNews low ratings 👉🏻We just tripled our donations to 🇺🇸President Trump at work 👍😁REPORT THAT🤗🤗🤗⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Alright, everybody, stop eating bat soup, no matter how much you're addicted to it ! 😅😂🤣 Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede #SmartNews 
Damn! 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 1 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book- 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
"The volume is going to much higher — there will be yelling, there will be passionate gesticulation on the floor ... but the substance will be next to zero," @Lawrence says of Pres. Trump's upcoming legal defense. "They simply do not have facts to argue." 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump wraps up defense 
Religion of peace. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Well.... this doesn’t raise any concerns. 👇🏻😳 China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump trial: Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Modern Democrats - how they see you. 
From Discover on Google 
@BernieSanders #BernieSanders is corrupt and a liar. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #news 
@lisamurkowski See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
COME ON YOU WHITES!!! 
Wow The Biggest Cover Up Ever! The GOP still trying to come up with ways to avoid witnesses. 
😡➖Hummm.... Something is up with this➖China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested by the FBI on suspicion of corruption 
@RepMattGaetz @WattersWorld @JesseBWatters @FoxNews NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
Thanks to the four predictable RepDemRat snakes 🐍 McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
"China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary" FOX NEWS 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
@realDonaldTrump Your FRIVOLOUS defense lawyers should be disbarred. 😂😂😂😂 "Trump lawyers’ defense arguments don’t hold up experts says." Don't blame Democrats, blame your FRIVOLOUS defense. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
'Multiple victims' in downtown Seattle shooting, suspect at large 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump touts upcoming peace plan following meeting with Netanyahu despite Palestinian objections 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@SteveScalise @HamillHimself @MarkMeadows @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOPoversight @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr @WhiteHouse @RepAdamSchiff @realDonaldTrump @CanuckCognizant @funder @williamlegate @HoodlumRIP @gtconway3d @NBCNews @mattgaetz @itsJeffTiedrich @JeffreyGuterman @DonaldJTrumpJr @SuMoh7 @jaketapper @TeamCavuto @Judgenap @latimes @GeorgeTakei @GenMhayden @ColMorrisDavis @MP_Spears John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
He also said he "has reason to believe" that the actual number of cases in China is far greater than the number the local authorities have admitted Dr. Marc Siegel sounds alarm over China's 'reckless' and 'really scary' response to coronavirus 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses . @senrobportman 
Fella been under a rock. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
.@SenSchumer: Republicans were "fixated" on Rep. Adam Schiff during his powerful close tonight. Learn more: #11thHour 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ⭐️ Just AWESOME!! 
Team Trump: Presidents can't be impeached for abuses of power 
Pentagon contradicts Trump again, this time on Saudi Arabia 
I'm shocked and I'll never watch any of these shows just arrogant elitists uneducated idiots 
From Discover on Google 
AC Milan preparing tribute to Kobe Bryant ahead of cup game 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. #foxandfriends #foxnews 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' #AmericansWantWitnesses #GOPCoverup #BoltonBombshell #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
One of the vilest humans in a Cabinet full of vile humans. 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment - 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" WHO are you working for? @senatemajldr @lindseygrahamsc @jim_jordan @devinnunes #impeachmenttrial 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
#Harris: #Trump #Biden attack a #trial #RedHerring; #RedMeat for #base #News #TrumpLies #TrumpAdministration #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrail #Witnesses 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight EVERYONE LOVES OUR PRESIDENT WHO WORKS FOR US!!!🇺🇸 
SEAL Team 6 secured the crash site recovered the flight data recorder and destroyed the plane. "The remains were found near the crash site, treated with dignity and respect by the local Afghan community," the U.S. Forces Afghanistan statement said. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@JPinVA @DonaldBlake1 @palffynyi16 @islesfan777 @jonj77 It has been looked at. There is no there there. The joke is that the "president" who supposedly cares about corruption is doing all he can to make corruption easier. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Revealing interview from the people who wrote the book about Trump from interviewing people of his administration! A definite must-see video!😳🤮🤬 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Devin Nunes: National Security Council should be 'quarantined' to Virginia 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
EVIDENCE,WITNESSES,OATH OF OFFICE SHOULD ALWAYS PREVAIL. STOP FOLLOWING PIED PIPER TRUMP TO THE RIVER &amp; HASBEEN MCCONNELL &amp; GRAHAM. AMERICA WILL NOT VOTE FOR TRUMP AGAIN, OR MCCONNELL. STAND UPA Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Now comes video and audio. How many private recordings like this exist? 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
@frankthorp Sen. Collins: "The reports about John Bolton's book strengthen the case for witnesses and have prompted a number of conversations among my colleagues." 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
49ers' Dee Ford focused on Super Bowl LIV, puts 2018 AFC Championship behind him 
@rexgunman @ehananoki It was Steve King who asked for your money for his "memes" to "trigger" libs. Perhaps King's twitter account would give you some idea. Here's some more on "your" guy: 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
75% of registered voters say witnesses should testify in the Senate impeachment trial, according to a new Quinnipiac poll. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan It’s best that you stop with your negative narrative and perhaps seek counsel on your wht seems insecurity.Grow up man&amp; act like a man. ⁦@donlemon⁩ 
Biden says he would not cut Social Security benefits as POTUS 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Awaiting comment from the “We ❤️ Refugees” crowd. 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
WATCH: White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet. #inners 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Al Sharpton tells Chris Matthews that the recently released tapes by Lev Parnas are "bad news" for Trump. 
I'm traveling towards the lake so please read #FishingForRobots @ShoutGamers #ImWithHer @GamingRTCentral #Eventi #Jobs #AI #Python #Catgirl #Ethics #HealthyRecipes #HealthyRecipes @MightyRTs #ServiceDesign #Economist #Hunting @GamingRTweeters 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
@DevinNunes @CNN Trump reacts to Pompeo's tirade against NPR reporter: 'You did a good job on her, actually.” 
We know the entire GOP is guilty. Let them prove they aren't. Can't be done. #GOPTraitors "Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial" 
One is SUPPOSED to be indifferent in a trial, lying Leftist media hacks. A case must carry ITSELF, not its proponents who here have ZERO case. And the other shoe is about to drop on the REAL case, that of obfuscation in favor of hiding THEIR crimes. 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Sekulow’s argument to reporters yesterday would’ve generated derisive laughter at a high-school debate tournament but not in a @GOP filled room 👇🏽 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#ImpeachmentTrial Schiff pointing out the weak sauce in Trump's defense case thus far. 🔥 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Napolitano is another hack that hates Trump 
Dianne Feinstein: 'There is no Deep State' | 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Interesting article in The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? Marsha Blackburn is a Russian Asset and TRump KKKult KKKunt! 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
'Give America a fair shot': On third day of opening statements, the case on obstruction 
From - Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Benjamin Netanyahu: 'A lot' has changed after killing of Iranian terrorist Soleimani 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
geez... "The Washington Post reports that Facebook and its fellow social media companies have been fighting a range of conspiracy theories, including that the U.S. government secretly created or obtained a patent for the illness." 
Same like@ilhanomar.So what do u call their offspring,well....it's 'Boltonixyuranus Omarcrolepidotus' (translation: most venomous snake)! Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
@PolitiFact @senrobportman @SenRonJohnson This sh!t never gets old ...ENJOY... Trump lawyer in threatening emails: 'Watch your back, b---h' 
From Discover on Google 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
Bros these days 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
Trump campaign rakes in stunning $25M in single day for re-election launch 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
“If Trump tries to abuse the classification system in order to hide evidence from his impeachment trial, a senator might call his bluff and reveal the material anyway. But is it worth the risk?” Watch @maddow @ 
LOL #MAGA #KAG Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Got news for both of you Trust went away 11/2016 ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@parscale⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@limbaugh⁩ 
Your boy is hopscotching to the lake so ingest also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #Anonymous #PHP #Eris #HillaryEmail @SSS_Retweets #BigData #Eventi #Eventi @ShoutGamers #ServiceDesign @LaZy_RTs #Hockey #Jobs #RewardsPoints 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law ; I guess this is what some in the @DNC want for the US. 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
@StarLilyResists @CIAnderson3 @RomanHoratio @Nickawompus @Eathbound420 @IamMultiversal @Jhogan552 @Wrath_of_Comm @Cdubey_Texas @SDDNP @ReSista_Barb @PPersnickety @JillybeanRRTX @FireGoddessB @Edith_Ambra @5BlessedHarts @thewebbix @SadieTNResist @D_resists @privatelynda @Earthling62 @appyoomkin @Mkapub @kk131066 @DSa38 Resistance family please help make this viral! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
@michzoa @SenJohnBarrasso Ok here's a poll then: 
@realDonaldTrump @wef WATCH: @JoeNBC fact checks Pres. Trump's claims at a news conference Wednesday during the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Trump tweet attacking Adam Schiff analysed by legal experts 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." Watch: 
Chopper 3 captures massive crowds in #Wildwood in anticipation of President Trump’s campaign rally scheduled for today 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Anti-Defamation League condemns Rashida Tlaib for 'blood libel' retweet falsely accusing Israelis of killing Palestinian boy. #No2Antisemitism 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Trent England: Elizabeth Warren wants to nullify the Electoral College -- and silence Middle America | 
@mayawiley is a National Treasure. Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Tucker: Mayor Pete is worried about 'microaggressions' | 
"For the third time this year, GOP rejects election-security bill" 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Not Senator, you are an Embarrassment. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse says Alan Dershowitz's impeachment argument was embarrassing 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations - : * Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations   * Miami University students tested for possible coronavirus, school officials say … 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton's unpublished book? 
Precisely the actions you would expect from the guilty as f☆☆k White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
White House counsel Pat Cipollone asks senators to defend the Constitution, due process and the right to vote #AAG #AAG2020 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source. End this BS Now! We The People have had Enough. Democrats have Wasted enough time &amp; tax payer dollars on this BS! Look at Accomplishments! USA!!!! 
@makerender @JesseRikart @notimetobehere @BernieSanders He proved he has zero clue what is important to me and other women last round....He can not be trusted. Not by me. "Sanders dismisses major women's group as 'establishment'" 
Trump has told 13,435 lies while in office 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk - NBC News @nuzzel thanks @ECMcLaughlin 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Team Trump: Presidents can't be impeached for abuses of power 
Mysterious shipwreck discovered in river may be 700 years old #SmartNews 
What is Trump thinking? Two men who've worked for him weigh in 
Not just ‘headaches’: 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
How sad is it that we "have a chance" that our Senators, the people we trust to govern our country, will follow the law and the constitution. Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Business genius Donald Trump thinks your 409K could be up 90% 
Supreme Court blesses prayer at town meetings | 
Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying 
Chief buffoon🤷🏼‍♀️ 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Lying like you lied about not paying Stormy 
Is there still hope? Yes, there is: a national poll says that a majority of US voters wants to see Trump removed from office | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Great Britain to use Chinese telecom giant Huawei despite US concerns" FOX NEWS 
Trump allies talk up Bernie Sanders as his numbers surge in Iowa 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Dems just can't stop twisting. . 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
I believe we know now the answer to the question why did @GOP go to 🇷🇺 Russia and come back @realDonaldTrump and @SenateGOP are too afraid to keep the oath of Office 
Great summary of GOP defense and fallout! GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Shocking, another failed Democrat run city in a Dem run state! @SpeakerPelosi @GavinNewsom @RepAdamSchiff @tedlieu @RepSwalwell @SenFeinstein #WalkAwayFromDemocrats 
No possible argument to the truth. 
Chris Murphy: Trump defense 'helped our case to win a vote on witnesses' 
"So What?" 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought @SenKevinCramer @SenJohnHoeven @RepArmstrongND 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Kelly is another sour character that is full of resentment because he was fired for being disloyal to the President 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace | 
Lies Lies #idiot #trump #weak #ImpeachedForever #maga #kag 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell Warren said she wants to rule the world. 
I wish to invoke my due process right to be president please. #Me2020 
President Trump headlined a jam-packed rally in Wildwood, New Jersey, on Tuesday night, hours after his attorneys wrapped up their opening arguments in his Senate Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" Putin has already presented Rex Tillerson with the Order of Friendship award! EVIDENCE?? 
This can be a #PSA to all my young ones be careful: #rip #lexiialijai #hiphop Update - “This individual died due to mixed fentanyl and ethanol toxicity,” the medical examiner confirmed 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
@rancher523 @cspan @Trth2Pwer68 @RepAdamSchiff Here it is. Remember Trump said he never knew Parnas: 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters...fair attempt at rescuing a career...but false methinks. Besides, if it wasn't what u think u would've been angry not laughing at such a crude, ignorant remark 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
".. praised by politics experts, who negatively critique the defense arguments made by the president’s attorneys.." #FascistGOP #SpinelessRepublicans #VoteBlue #HandMarkedPaperBallots Trump impeachment trial case presented by Adam Schiff praised 
. ⁦@MittRomney⁩ running to be a Democrat. Good luck with that 😈😈😈John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
Klobuchar: If @GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Yeah, right. I just consider the source. Mr. Leg Tingle himself. 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage Gay man facing sexual assault in court! 
Trump’s complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails #SmartNews 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
"Brian Williams, Sen. Angus King call out defense attorney Jay Sekulow's false flag argument on who interfered with US elections" - 
Not a bright comment coming from a Senator. Boltons comments that leaked out probably doesnt mean a hell of beans to him either! When your wrong, your wrong! Get out of the sun boy! GOP senator: New audio tape 'not really relevant' 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
Tribe blasts McConnell's 'dark of night' Trump trial 'cover-up' 
@jimsciutto @SenatorTester @joniernst LYING jimmy boy, LINDSEY warming up! Would expect his committee to gain steam a week or so prior to March 3, 2020. 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January ⁦@MSNBC⁩ ⁦@maddow⁩ ⁦@cnnbrk⁩ ⁦@donlemon⁩ #MAGA2020 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
Wildwood, New Jersey voters have ‘Breakfast with Friends’ at Vegas Diner | 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
He’s running.... Romney: 'I'd like to hear from John Bolton' 
Kilmeade: 'Incredible' that Bolton is releasing book while Trump is still in office | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
@Sue40931356 @Tony__Heller Not sure about Tony, but I'd be concerned if young and healthy people began dying from the virus. The limited reporting on the victims so far shows they're all elderly or had underlying illnesses. This could change of course. 
Hosted By MFrazz: Claire Danes turned down 'Titanic' role, has 'zero regret' 
@Goss30Goss Right witcha. GOPers have no shame when it comes to maintenance of power. Check this... Agreed 🤝 and then there is this tid bit. 
@Pappiness More BULLSHIT like this poll Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Remember Trump has repeatedly swore he Does not Know Lev Parnas. Audio shows Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch Maddow shares audio that shows Trump ordering the removal of U.S. Amb. to Ukraine Yovanovitch as part of an exchange with Parnas 
What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
WATCH NOW: Is the Bolton revelation a smoking gun or an Access Hollywood moment? 
Keep voting in corrupt people like her so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
MAGNITUDE 7.7 Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Sen. Warner: John Bolton was in the room, let's bring him in | we don't need Bolton we have the facts that all presidents have done the same &amp; Trump did nothing impeachable when others have this should be all we need case closed 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Islam's hell on earth-Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
WHY WHY WHY BECAUSE THEY WILL TELL EVERYONE HOW DEMOCRATS LIED AND CHEATED AM OUT OF TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS 
#NoWitnessesNoTrial #FairSenateImpeachmentTrial Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program | . HARVARD TEACHER LIES! Who are they hiring?!?!? 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan . #FakeNews #EnemyOfThePeople #DemocratShills @CNN @CNNPolitics @cnnbrk @CNNTonight using #blackPrivilege #BlackLiesMatter 2 protect @donlemon. 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment And ⁦@MSNBC⁩ will sit there and seriously ponder why it’s ratings suck. Why Vanderpump Rules consistently trounces them. Poor MSNBC. 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers... | January 24, 2020 #news 
He’d like to hear from Bolton! Like, maybe buy him a drink after the impeachment is over??? Be a leader, not a spineless rich weasel and demand that #BoltonTestifies. #ImpeachIndictImprisonIMPOTUS2020 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted by the CDC to land at a California air base 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan. 
A win for our client, Prof Jon Kotler. A win for free speech. Congrats on top-notch lawyering, @WenFa1 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC #SmartNews 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
@TulsiGabbard Given she never actually mentioned your name in a field of 5 female candidates, this should make for an entertaining court hearing.... 
Tucker Carlson: Impeachment is all that matters in the media and important stories are being ignored. Why? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
McConnell says he doesn't have the votes to block witnesses! #ImpeachmentTrials 
Barstow, Calif., shaken by magnitude-4.6 earthquake: preliminary measure | 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. What a bunch of crap! 
@a_leesha1 #DealOfTheCentury Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
@RashidaTlaib; You are absent any moral compass and reprehensible. I hope your Detroit area district is sorry for electing you. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
John Bolton's book says Trump tied Ukraine aid to investigations 
It's happening... San Fransisco official in charge of cleaning up filthy streets arrested by FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
Sen. Debbie Stabenow: "John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate as a witness and if the president has nothing to hide, then he should not be objecting to his national security advisor coming forward and saying what he knows." 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
What if he'd said Stalin? Mao Zedong? Both mass killers. George Washington? Traitor to half the world. Yuri Gagarin? A Soviet. Robert E. Lee? Enemy to Union &amp; USoA. Dalai Lama? Outlaw to a BILLION. Tell me, what's correct answer when it's YOUR opinion? 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
House impeachment manager Jason Crow reacts to President Trump's impeachment trial defense, saying that his team "made a lot of points for us" when not peddling in "Russian propaganda." 
They're not fucking entitlements! THEY ARE NOT FUCKING ENTITLEMENTS! Quit fucking saying they are entitlements!!! Fuck! 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Helpppppp!!! Now it's a FAKE constitution? Media beware. American citizens beware. The Founding Father were actually very scholarly and while there were ones I agree with more than others, their message as a whole is clear. NO LIVING UNDER A TYRANNY. 
@Debbielm5 Bondi has her own skeletons in the closet. 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid @realDonaldTrump Putin’s puppet!! Hillary was right!!! 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
#Wuhan #wuhancoronavirus China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary| 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump’s DOJ #SmartNews 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
"We have laid out a devastating case against the president as it relates to his corrupt abuse of power," says Rep. Jeffries, a House impeachment manager and Democrat. "The facts are uncontested, The evidence is overwhelming. The president has no defense." 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source GOOD IDEA. ⁦@POTUS⁩ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
"The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians," @chrislhayes says. "It is wrong and messed up what was done with them ... but fundamentally, the injury is to the U.S. — the injury is to the American electoral system." 
@Yamiche Will he discuss his plans to reduce Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid to reduce the Trillion dollars in debt he created in just three years? 
"You can bet that he's going to be hearing those words thrown back at him throughout the campaign. Even a week before Election Day – it matters." – @JoeNBC on Pres. Trump indicating that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Makes no rational sense... or maybe it does. Can’t hide behind lies forever. 
49ers' Dee Ford focused on Super Bowl LIV, puts 2018 AFC Championship behind him #news #breaking #fox 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
.@JoeNBC: Sen. Blackburn is attacking "the patriotism of an Iraq war hero." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@marklevinshow This from our corruption fighting president. 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Challenger explosion among the deadliest space disasters 
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump They DO. Unfortunately, none of the GOP's stupid diversions can erase the actions and crimes of Trump, your gift that keeps on giving. And many more tapes on the way! CHEERS 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during impeachment trial 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' Pro lifers, don’t give it to him! 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Patriots, please take this poll so real americans get to weigh in the subject instead of their liberal flock of sheep! 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Kobe Bryant’s 13-year-old daughter Gianna was among the victims of a helicopter crash that also killed her father and three other people on Sunday, according to Calabasas councilman David Shapiro. 
Blown Away: Wild video of first-hand tornado experiences 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@BSteve515 @crummyworld @MikeRJohnson777 @putinsgay @CanuckCognizant @jasonbaum @BigTinyBird @Infantry0300 @cm_merlin @jasondmic @GoBigSteve1 @HoodlumRIP @WilliamFPeters2 @RobertCooper58 @jim1036 @TaggartRehnn @Defeat_Trump2 @DearAuntCrabby @airbagmoments @talks2you1 @nicole_bertrand @SoyBoyManBun @Doh_Doh_Burrd @Bill_Maxwell_ @geoff9cow @Tam_Resist @Lcars24 @ProudResister @cms36 @BobbyCr48838634 @BeaudoinCharlie @billyjack2016 @PuestoLoco @funder @Arriadna @YegRiverEdm @psychmd1 @mon_coeur_gay @DougDooganuchi @DesignationSix @BrienneOfSnark_ @BrianKarem @cecekat60 @DrGJackBrown @QuareFellas @joe_kidder2 @lLadyBing @Tmcguire_pa @McFaul @jimmykimmel John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
From Discover on Google 
How is this "overturning the will of the people"? 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office #SmartNews 
@rep_stevewomack @byrdinator @voxdotcom Is this the type of planning for the future you support? 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' "There’s no need for recreational, student or educational, or non-critical business travel under the circumstances until this crisis is under control. " 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Meanwhile lindsey graham is tweeting hes sure it will be over friday &amp; republicans senate destroyed the house yet we all know The senate ate napalm with Boltons fact bomb so now senate Rep admit hes a criminal they just dont care 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump impeachment trial discussed by Rep. Val Demings 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
@realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that. Need to contact all the companies that sponsor Don Lemon and demand they pull their sponsorship 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
WATCH: Sen. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) says his amendment to resolve the witness debate was rejected yesterday. “The chief justice … would make the first determination about whether or not a witness was relevant," he said. 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment - @GoogleNews 
@Leonard_Misner @nora_germain @JohnFugelsang @richardmarx Well, people DID talk about impeaching a not-yet-elected POTUS in 2016, but it's not who you think! 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
@AmerIca30200584 @Styx666Official @SaltyCracker9 @Timcast of course ... why didn't anyone think of that ... again 
“Sekulow’s argument to reporters yesterday would’ve generated derisive laughter at a high-school debate tournament.” 
ICYMI: contributor @mikebarnicle says “Cheating was always part of the game, but this advance technology analytic cheating is kind of obscene.” 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments! 
“All the President’s (Convicted) Men” The expanding list of those waiting for sentencing, already in prison, or under investigation, is utterly historical. #staggering #corruption #TrumpCrew #cdnpoli #uspoli 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump #VoteThemAllOut 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes': Lemon and his sick CNN are some of the MOST DISGUSTING VISUALS IN today's media. 
@brianstelter has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
All the Democrats will day the Presidents men are wrong. Stop asking them as the answer won’t change. The is all political 🤥Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse: Dershowitz gave 'embarrassing' defense of Trump in impeachment trial 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change | UNCLE CREEPY AT HIS BEST🤮. IT WOULD APEAR THAT QUO PRO JOE CANT HELP HIMSELF BY INVADING PERSONAL SPACE. HE MESSED WITH THE DUDES JACKET LIKE HE WAS A CHILD🙄 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
#YANGSURGE On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@invictusjuvat @SenRickScott @JoeBiden See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Agree completely. Democrats supposition again. Disgraceful. 😡 Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
⁦@donlemon⁩ YEAH, RIGHT! ALL AMERICA HAS NOW SEEN YOU LAUGHING AT OTHERS REPEATEDLY. YOU’RE THE LAUGHING STOCK OF CNN NOW! YOI’VE BEEN CAUGHT IN SO MANY LIES, HOW CAN ANYONE TAKE YOU SERIOUSLY? Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
So much for all that 'no injures' lie from Trump...I'm not surprised, but I AM disgusted with my government. 
As it should because no one is above the law, not the lawyers and not the impeached president. 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #SmartNews GOP senators and the POTUS are better off if John Bolton is completely forgotten about 
Ocasio-Cortez rips 'shameful' Supreme Court ruling allowing 'public charge' immigration rule | 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
The president says Rep Jerry Nadler is a 'sleazebag' Trump projecting as usual #GOPCoverup #GOPTraitors #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #trumpIsACorruptLiar #TrumpIsACriminal 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: "I believe John Bolton." 
@pvtjokerus Told ya...lol. This has gotta really piss off the media snobs at CNN/MSNBC. 
#CloserNews Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 😱 In a DemocRAT run city?!?! Shocking!!! Reap it SF!!! 
DISASTER LOOMING GEORGIA'S EARTHQUAKE 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Politics As Trump’s defense wraps up, Bolton book looms large 
Everyone needs to know this. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source There Is Another Choice! REMAND THE MATTER BACK TO THE HOUSE! POTUS Exerts EX. Privilege Republicans Go On The Rhetorical Offensive 
From - Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Lara Logan on President Trump's Middle East peace plan #AAG #AAG2020 
another traitor within our government...and no end in sight. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
What kind of torture is this. There should be IVs of caffeine during an impeachment. Can we move into the current century and allow reusable water bottles and traveler cups for these people? Why would it look bad on CSPAN for them to hydrate? Geez. 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
FULL AUDIO: Here is the 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
L stands for loser. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing The don lemon show doesn’t draw millions. It doesn’t draw 1/2 million. For the record they are likely watching thru a storefront window from their bed in a box 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
Can’t make this up 😂 
Well don’t worry , Twit is back . Sorry “Grace Kelly” wana be your not that good. Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
'Take her out': Voice appears to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
This article is worth a read. Uncovers CORRUPTION at its finest. Another example of taxpayers being led like lambs to slaughter. Disgusting! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Lol the NRSC isn't happy with Doug Collins. 😂 
GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness' 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
#Pedo #RINO #Bribery #BidenCorruption #RomneyCorruption #Blackberries "I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses but I haven’t made a decision finally yet &amp; I won't until arguments on both sides are done" #LDS #MORMON #MittRomney 
Shameful 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
💥💥💥GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Interesting, however there still is the pathetic few GOP that give credence to Nancy &amp; Schiff’s nonsense 😡🤬😡 ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
All controlled by @TheDemocrats #ImagineThat 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@mittromney John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #foxnews 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@CNNTonight @donlemon In other news.... 
What did we learn on day one of the Trump impeachment trial arguments? #11thHour 
A shrink's take on Trump. Among many points: he gets away with his "obvious incompetence" by being "propped up" by others. 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Special Report w/ Bret Baier - Monday, January 27 
@senatemajldr Most recent polls show that the majority of Americans want Trump impeached and gone! 
Gire-Fighting Helicopter Sparks Fire That Now Threatens Canberra Homes 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face'! What next? DrG 
This ugly inept CNN liberal rube calls us names, what gall.😊👇 CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Fake news... 
The facts are all in and there is no evidence to hide. 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
'Corrupt practices' are his modus operandi - 'Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act' - 'A Very Stable Genius' 
New legal grounds! As far as Trump’s lawyers are concerned, presidents who are caught abusing their powers cannot face congressional accountability, unless they commit statutory crimes. So Trump can invite Putin to interfere with our elections at will! ??? 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' ...ah no, thrown DJT into a ditch! 
Hear ken starr admit that trump is covering up with on fox Nov. 20, 2019 watch 👆#75%wantWitness #TrumpImpeachment 
Former Trump chief of staff, "I believe Bolton." 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as #coronavirus outbreak continues: #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer | 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
@realDonaldTrump 2020: Vote Out Trump &amp; Republicans Whose Only Goal is 2Enrich themselves &amp; Wealthy Donors! Now They Want 2Cut Social Security/Medicare/Funding 4State Medicaid! They Already Cut Food Stamps! Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@SenTomCotton This is BS, the current short/long term threat to our planet is the very unstable genius in the @WhiteHouse. @Huawei £1.3 billion five-year investment in the UK, achieved! Go figure! 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | BRAINDEAD TRUMPAZEE BURIES HIMSELF.... 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
@MichaelSteele, the former chairman of the RNC has the sense to recognize that when you treat the American public like they’re stupid, you lose. “What kind of trial has no witnesses and no evidence?” 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid PART 3 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source End this farce now! 
Because they are 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say I would not want that guilt. It will be a killer. 
In capitalism, the rich can become powerful. In politics, the powerful become rich 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@jimmykimmel milks Kobe Bryant, performs without audience because 'a comedy show didn't feel right' 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"Oprah Winfrey's major moments, from 'The Color Purple' to that Tom Cruise interview" 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ We agree! Americans love President Trump ❤️ 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' . @Jim_Jordan @MarshaBlackburn @SenTedCruz @mattgaetz @SenatorCollins @SenMcSallyAZ @RepMarkMeadows @BenSasse @ 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears | 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Schumer to offer amendments to fix 'many flaws' in McConnell impeachment proposal 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
I'll bet Romney's behind this! What a traitor! If it is, I hope he never holds a government position again! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
Sen. Hirono on Pres. Trump: "Who is he going to bribe next? ... He's going to feel totally emboldened to keep going and keep inviting other countries to interfere with our elections." 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Melber: 'Constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid ⁦@AltNellGwyn⁩ 
@RepDougCollins @SpeakerPelosi This is our corruption fighting president. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation 
It was actually hard to be on set during this. We were all laughing very hard. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that The 'TOXICITY' seems to only come from non-Trump supporters. You whine and now you are being toxic......hmmmm 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor #SmartNews 
@sendavidperdue @realDonaldTrump Any impeachment is about overturning an election - it's protection against a corrupt moron ascending to the highest office in the land. That's its purpose. As for finding the truth - ask trumpov about his efforts to hide it. 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth Because mikie is a dumbass. 
Trouble in paradise? Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
#Breaking NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
She hates the Jewish People and doesn't care if people know it ..... She must be removed from office Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Those in the Democrat-media complex don’t mind the real life human consequences of their New Red Scare because they lack a capacity for empathy, which means they’re not actual humans. They think it’s funny to cavalierly defame anyone in their... 
Don't miss @foxnation host @abbyhornacek's touching tribute to @kobebryant ... Hear Abby's full commentary on today's Rundown. Listen and subscribe: 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
Time for Trump to testify under oath: Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand @NicolleDWallace @DeadlineWH 
The @GOP is VERY lost. @SenateGOP has been power drunk almost 8 years. Driven up our debt, stand behind an immoral POS who has made our country less safe, insults allies, our veterans, and is a complete idiot on every topic. 
@ArmyBratt68 'Sunday Morning Futures' with @MariaBartiromo is outstanding. It's on at 10:00 AM Eastern. 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks And ? What could WE THE PEOPLE do ? Do we want to allow our beautiful America be destroyed by one miserable? 
To bad bitch! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
#DylannRoof appeals death sentence after represented self2avoid #attorneys using mental illness as #defense-Sad #stigma=so bad people willing2die 2avoid-Had broken childhood,violent media,drugs+possible #mentalillness-but knew what doing&amp;that it was wrong 
1/26/20: "...“First, last month, in setting up our interview and, then again yesterday, in agreeing to have our post-interview conversation off the record. It is shameful that this reporter chose to violate the basic rules of journalism and decency.” 2/2 
"You can bet that he's going to be hearing those words thrown back at him throughout the campaign. Even a week before Election Day – it matters." – @JoeNBC on Pres. Trump indicating that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Consistently. The polls consistently show that Americans, of every affiliation, support testimony. It's kind of a no-brainer. 
Sen. Harris: "Let's all be honest that Donald Trump has been obsessed with Barack Obama...but coupled with that, when we're talking about the Bidens, this is about, basically, red herrings to distract from the issue that is before us." 
@weld4merica Seems like the House thinks Biden is relevant to this case. 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum / Steve Cortes is just another Trump lap Dog. He knows that Trump is as guilty as Hell but as a lap dog he's doing his bidding. God bless America. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
If right doesn't matter. If the truth doesn't matter, we truly are lost!! 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed | 
Blown Away: Wild video of first-hand tornado experiences 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
@Ayaan , @CreeSeven Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Rep. Adam Schiff ends Day 3 of President Trump's impeachment trial with an emotional plea to senators: "If right doesn't matter we're lost... and you know you can't trust this president to do what's right for this country." #AπZ 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk #SmartNews 
Go | 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
" to fly fan to New York City so they can watch Super Bowl in bread-themed hotel room": If you’re trying to avoid carbs, stay away from this hotel room., 
Joe Scarborough rides again: from #MoscowMitch to a #confederacyofdunces to #corpseofirony to #graveyardofstupidity. Pick one. He couldn't stop laughing at his own wit. Gotta laugh to keep from crying #Senatetrialcoverup 
More REAL NEWS the #FakeNewsMedia fails to REPORT on.... #ImpeachmentHoax #KAG2020 🇺🇸 How dangerous is coronavirus? 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
LISTEN: Audio recording appears to show President Trump order firing of the US ambassador to Ukraine. 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@HiCaliberLilGal @RepKenBuck @SBAList oh, believe me - no grannies are being strip searched - GOP can't adequately identify REAL threats - they just pander to division, hate, and fear of brown people 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
More lies from Trump's cronies to be expected 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base. (This is GREAT NEWS, Im Glad Our Govt is using commonsence instead of ppolitical ccorrectness .) 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
What is happening in our nation? Hate crimes can NEVER be tolerated. We need to speak out against this rise in anti-Semitism. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Schumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
@IvankaTrump BREAKING: President Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." @NicolleDWallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. 
Amen. 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Democrat liar — What do you call her? Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Cause he's ONE of THEM that LIE CHEAT &amp; STEAL 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Our CISO and VP of customer success, Chris Kennedy, joined @EmilyDeCiccio to discuss the capabilities of state-sponsored #hackers with a focus on how damaging #ransomware attacks can be if the ultimate goal is disruption, not financial gain: 
Wow! : Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
US Supreme Court seemed prepared Wednesday to rule that states violate the US Constitution if they prevent religious schools from receiving some state benefits. - @PeteWilliamsNBC 
@KatyTurNBC interviews @AndrewYang re: UBI #FreedomDividend #IowaForYang #HumanityFirst #AmericaNeedsYang #YangGang #YangBeatsTrump 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack The long knives are out... 
this guy has to be a joke... what planet does he live on...is this the first of eat that he's heard of all this b*******..... Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Meghan Markle's sister says she failed to 'fix' family issues, racism not to blame for public backlash 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
Will History Repeat Itself with Trump as the New Hitler? 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump’s curious trial boast: ‘We have all the material’ 
RIGHT AFTER CHINA APOLOGIZES FOR REFUSING OUTSIDE HELP IN CONTAINING A VIRUS THAT WILL EFFECT THE ENTIRE WORLD!!! BECAUSE THEIR PRECIOUS PRIDE MIGHT BE HURT!!! China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source @KimStrassel 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
I think he’s regretting it, huh @donlemon 
⁦@MikeBloomberg⁩ #dogtimesup Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
OK, Boomer 
Watch: Governor Bill Weld @GovBillWeld “Trump is a ‘recipe for disaster’ for GOP” 
"Wednesday's Mini-Report, 1.22.20" 
@BWilliams @SenAngusKing know @JaySekulow uses #Trump's ClassicSpeculation Playbook (ex. Could vs Did, then: I never said they did.) #TrumpsDefense is Proof of @GOP AlternateUniverse to 🔥 US Constitution&amp;Rule of Law. #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
From Discover on Google 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Hosting a Super Bowl party? Here are 6 tips for cleaning up when it's over 
Great question Mark Levin. Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
#China has zero reasons for refusing the help of the #CDC in managing the spread that the #PRC has so far failed to contain. This virus is now the world’s problem, not China’s alone. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
@Rumky6 @Liberal_CEO @krystalball That is still as hotly contested a take now as it was then. There was no constitutional amendment on the table Even Hillary had to walk back her story on that. 
@DemWrite @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RETWEET! TRUMP OUT PENCE IN! Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
@SenMikeLee @realDonaldTrump Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
What a low class piece of 💩 the @washingtonpost has become...you have no empathy or compassion for a family who's lives was destroyed by tragedy Washington Post reinstates reporter, concludes Kobe Bryant tweets didn't violate social media policy 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Remember this?? Kinda like the girls in Wisconsin who stabbed friend because Slender man cult like shit 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial | 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote These views would destroy Us as a constitutional republic. They want Congress to be able to remove a president on majority vote for any non-criminal behavior. Terrible idea 
DOD investigates itself, finds that any ethical lapses in Special Operations is due to how awesome they are because they are men of action. Sounds legit. 
I voted for this horse's ass 🤦‍♀️ Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
“The four-term congresswoman and Iraq War veteran strapped on her snowboard and shredded it up with supporters on Tuesday at Cranmore Mountain Resort in New Hampshire’s White Mountains.” #TulsiGabbard #TulsiForPresident #Tulsi2020 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
WHY DIDN T BOLTON RESIGN HIS POSITION if he heard this deal with VALENSKY.? We are not children here to hear nonsense. come on - wake up and smell the farts. DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenTedCruz BUT WHY should the PREZ. care? There are a million crooks EVERY DAY. OH !! 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' | 
Maybe they didn't care to slow it...? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Brilliant summation. Bravo ⁦@chrislhayes⁩! #ImpeachmentTrials 
❗️💥 Intentional lying in Senate trial puts Trump lawyers' licenses at risk 
Virginia woman who killed West Virginia man found decapitated gets life in prison 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Senator says Trump will feel emboldened to ask more countries to interfere 
"Trump announces plan for two-state solution to bring peace to the Middle East" FOX NEWS 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Blown Away: Wild video of first-hand tornado experiences 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
@ABC How is this “news”?? Here. Float this by your audience. 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Explore the apps that are right for you at @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
@foxillinois 34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
House managers on impeachment: 'Not about Donald Trump... It's about our Constitution' @nbcnews 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing #Topbuzz 
This had to be painful for them to admit ... 
When the Truth pulls your ears so hard, you have to leave the room because it hurts the eyes!!#SenateScum 
@sfpelosi 🇺🇸🏛⚖️ To 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰 @SenatorCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ 👀👇🏻 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 🚨 The 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰👎🏻@SenatorCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in new ad‼️👇🏻 👉🏻 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@TheCiroth @terhune_cheryl @donna_spackman @Itchy_GIzzard @raising_hill OP outlined why. Also, 
"Brad Pitt wore a name tag to Oscars luncheon, sending social media into a frenzy" FOX NEWS 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' I said this a week ago. Shut it down. Now. 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | So M $$$$ spent on a #bogus investigation led by Gym Jordan to damage HRC?! Shocking! 😱 
"Sen. John Barrasso says House managers did not make the case for impeachment" He's right. It's because they had no case to make! Watch 
President Trump rails about the impeachment trial in morning tweetstorm, with multiple misleading assertions or falsehoods. 
"National forecast for Wednesday, January 29 " FOX NEWS 
@SenSanders @AOC LIke you care. You have money to bern. Great article. 
Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
This is far from over 
💥💥Nobody cares about the Compost, shouldn’t even exist💥💥 Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base His ignorant base has had too much koolaid. I have no idea why they are backing him like they are unless they are as prejudice as he is. 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Is the @DeptofDefense and @DeptVetAffairs going to allow “headaches” comment to stand? #MoralCourage The Defense &amp; Veterans Brain Injury Center (DVBIC) report nearly 350,000 incident diagnoses of #TBI in U.S. military since 2000. #Veterans #brain #Wars 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
Catch 22 
"Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
WATCH: White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet. #inners 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
@clairecmc: You are one along with entire corrupt Obama adm. and dems who have lied to Americans for decades. Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
@funder @mi_lake_girl And this happened yesterday: 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump pushes back against Bolton report 
“Pompeo and his team aren’t just retaliating against a news outlet that made the secretary look bad; they also appear to be sending a signal to other news organizations: if you ask questions Pompeo doesn’t like, you may face reprisals, too.” 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
THIS SEEMS WORTH RE-WATCHING! Lev told @maddow about how Trump struggled to fire Amb. Yovanovitch. Turns out there’s an audio tape to back up Lev’s story. Life is funny like that. 
Friday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.24.20 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@realDonaldTrump I like Don! U said U did not know the guy I take pictures with everyone so how come U R talking to him on the phone &amp; discussing following a female employee in a foreign country &amp; laughing 
Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun'. Yet she'll give Biden a pass for abusing his power and acts of crime involving Ukraine and their investigation into his son. 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Rep. Val Demings: "We are going to continue to push for documents and witnesses ... What trial in America does not have witnesses and documents?" 
Goooooooooo Bernie!!! 💖🙏🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Bernie Sanders is looking indestructible 
'He got caught': Pelosi played McConnell on Trump impeachment 
Buckle up MAGA party people, it about to get really bumpy! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries vía .#NoWarWithIran #Iran #US #USA 
@GOPChairwoman @GOP @GatesforTexas @RSLC Hey Ronna you like these FauxNews polls? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ #SmartNews ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@seanhannity⁩ ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ VERY BAD IDEAL, TRUMP CAN’t STAY ON POINT TO DO AN INTERVIEW. 
@SenatorLankford @AdamSchiff @clairecmc One of the most astonishing things you said, Senator, and any credibility you may have had, in my eyes, went up in flames. You said Rep. Schiff had said or suggested, “We should block the president from the courts”. No. 
If true, article speaks for itself......Good for goose = good for the gander?! #KAG2020LandslideVictory Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"Jimmy Fallon, John Cena and other stars workout in hilarious beer commercial for Sunday’s game" 
McConnell - Well - GO Get the FUCKING votes and stop this political bull shit. ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ @potus 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" - Sen. King 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
What Trump’s clean water protections rollback means @potus: a genuine son-of-a-bitch. 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book Trump just HATES corruption — like he hates Big Macs and KFC. 
McConnell doesn’t have votes to obstruct justice How much damage have Republicans done? The senate JURY in #Impeachment is trying to commit #ObstructionOfCongress in a trial for #ObstructionOfCongress for the defendant AND IT’S TREATED AS “NORMAL” 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' - 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
@B52Malmet The audio was made by Fruman but Lev's lawyer has handed over video, to the House, of Trump wanting to know how long Ukraine would last against Russia without US support. 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
💰For Good Karma Donate To This Twitter Account On CashApp $atomic811 So I Can Buy Bitcoin:💰 "How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet" 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Claire McCaskill: House Dems are making a better case than team Trump so far 
Breaking - McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
He's so fkn stupid. 
Watch this @ roundup of analysis from the Senate impeachment trial amid new Bolton revelations. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@IowaGOP There is no doubt what the elitest think of us. 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest : Take Note Fellow Americans!!!! 
Man... could you imagine if someone rabidly anti-Semitic Tweeted something like this? Thank God it was Tweeted by one of the "good guys"... 
#AmbassadorBolton #WithdrawYourBook #Agreement with Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
#RINOS cave and #Republicans fail to achieve a quick acquittal to a #ShamImpeachment McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"US Supreme Court seemed prepared Wednesday to rule that states violate the US Constitution if they prevent religious schools from receiving some state benefits..." 
#DonLemon addresses CNN panel mocking #Trump voters. @donlemon you are such a liar!!! Smh 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source The American people deserve an honorable man in our White House....not a sneak who commits treasonous acts of self gratification! 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says Looking at Biittigieg is a microagression on my eyes. The guy looks like a rat. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@CNN is now the Bat Soup of Cable News Networks: Coronavirus News Network: CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Take the Leftist Poll so they hear from more than their own echo chamber! 
At tense Virginia rally, gun-rights supporters chant 'We will not comply' 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ | 
Vegetarian food company develops a "meat patch" to help fight off cravings 
@InScranton @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler @HouseDemocrats I wish I could generate facts from my ass, I'd run for president. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
he speaks as if he is above reproach 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries 
@realDonaldTrump I remember when you claimed you didn't know Lev 'I Never Met Him' Parnas. Are you going to try to deny that this is YOU on this tape? 
@BernieSanders Looks like their going to take your nomination again! 
Senate Republicans continue to say that there's "nothing new" in terms of the evidence presented at this impeachment trial. Yet they voted down every amendment to enter new evidence into the proceedings. Sounds duplicitous to me. 
WATCH: NPR's Mary Louise Kelly pushed Sec. Pompeo repeatedly on Ukraine before he reportedly berated her with profanity and demanded that she find Ukraine on an unmarked map (which she did). 
@JoyAnnReid All I know is what happened....! #SteveCortes #STFU nobody cares only trump &amp; he doesn't watch joy show. #TOO much truth. 
If you’re at a place in your life that the name “John Bolton” or “Mitt Romney” makes your heart go pitter-pat, it’s time for a gut check. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"US airlines extending travel waivers for passengers scheduled to fly to China amid coronavirus outbreak" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
4 more years and he WILL CUT IT. "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
“President Trump was willing to use your tax dollars, he was willing to use the national defense, as just a bargaining chip to help him politically. I think that this is what’s broken in Washington.” Senator Elizabeth Warren #WednesdayThoughts 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Is this part of Bible Prophecy. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument 
@cnn you going to tolerate this type of ignorance and hate from one of your anchors? 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of... 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking |”To understand why so many congressional Republicans have embraced Trump with such irrational and unshakable vigor, look no further than the Pew results.” 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch “Take her out! Okay? Do it.” @realDonaldTrump #putinspuppet #TrumpMafia 
.@bcmhouston's @PeterHotez talked with about #coronavirus 
Supreme Court likely to allow public funding for religious schools 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ What a stupid and left wing thing to say.Schiff is wasting tax payer money and time with baseless nonsence, which has no Constitutional basis. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump You're not kidding! 
Where are the congressional hearings on Puerto Rico? 
Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the first place 
some people are just utterly clueless :) College football coach suspended for answer to question in student newspaper | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Rep. Schiff on Bolton: "Why is it that only now he's willing to come forward? I think it's pretty clear that the book has a lot to do with this." 
Can't help but wonder why Newsbusters didn't use this clip? 🤔 Have I ever told you guys @JoyAnnReid is my hero, the wind beneath my wings? 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
#copythat | and a powerful #earthquake in the Caribbean as well 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
@AviLevi27102135 @GaliliEinav @yosilagasa @odaskal : 2015 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@gvincentamore @rebeccaballhaus "AP: Ukraine felt Trump admin pressure (and US officials knew it)" 
@realDonaldTrump @DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @GOP @senjudiciary @svt @TuckerCarlson "As she breathed her last breath, the woman asked the snake why it had done this. “Because I’m a snake,” was the reply. “That’s what we do.”" All of which, somehow, reminds us of disgraced former national security advisor warmonger🐍John Bolton. 
Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them 
@kasie They ALL READ IT. Give me a break. They got the manuscript in DECEMBER. White House WITHHELD APPROVAL for release. "Bolton's manuscript leaks as memoir pre-orders begin on Amazon; Trump fires back" 
@Pappiness Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Why are Trump allies talking up Bernie Sanders just a few days ahead of the Iowa caucuses? We talk to @KatyTurNBC and @shaqbrewster. Watch more: #11thHour 
⁦@SenSchumer⁩ has been trashing our President in the same way as ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩, @RepJerryNadler⁩ and ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩. Must have the same lyin’ objectives. Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'sue him' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
hopscotching into the lake please enjoy #FishingForRobots @MightyRTs #FreeCalifornia @DNRRTs @GamingRTCentral #GoGoCosplay #HealthyRecipes #TrenRoca @GamingRTweeters @SSS_Retweets #HealthyRecipes @DripRT #DesignThinking #Anonymous @FlyRts 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested -THE SLEAZE "CUT" MUST BE GOING RIGHT UP TO PELOSI MAXINE NEWSOM FEINSTEIN SCHIFF ...tip of iceberg 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
That's right @RepAdamSchiff. It really pisses people off when they think we're all so stupid. We live out here in the real world. We 👀you @SenateGOP! 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
@DevinNunes @CNN we're too busy RTing this #RemoveTrump! 
From - Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Republican senators are expressing "growing confidence" that Democrats' effort to bring new witnesses and testimony will be thwarted, reports @GeoffRBennett 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Bolton slams Trump 
DOJ says NYT report 'grossly' mischaracterizes Bolton talks with Trump on Ukraine 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary - are they hiding something? 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ | 
I do believe @DavidJollyFL at the end of this clip describes exactly what the Republican Party has become and says Trump has broken this nation. I think @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr should play it to their party it’s quite damning. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
#BINGO! #ByeByeBernie! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
CNN Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters 'credulous rubes' @Realdonaldtrump 'Either the Democrats shows their true colors to the public &amp; or @CNN &amp; THE fake news media shows their True Colors! How can U trust either 1? 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees #weekendatbernies 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' | 
Hosted By MFrazz: Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth finalize divorce 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Patrick Philbin rejects accusations that the White House tried to cover up Trump's call with Zelensky" Debunks one "cover up" theory regarding the transcript. Watch 
Mark Penn: Trump impeachment is an unproductive exercise in political rage – It’s time to end trial | 
Kick out @MittRomney John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Eight dead, hundreds injured after 6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes Turkey 
Bob Shane, last surviving original member of Kingston Trio, dead at 85 | . R.I.P. Bob 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" - He is just showing how much of a farce our system is. Embarrassing. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Just in case you missed the last post... San Fran is corrupt, #whodathunk 
@bonk65 @realDonaldTrump The video Jack Kingston getting taking down ... for lying on national television 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Audio appears to bolster Lev Parnas' claims about dinner with Trump 
If you're doing this one thing, you're probably putting your #startup's #security at risk. #cybersecurity #cdwsocial 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
. . . Defund NPR ... #DefundNPR . . . Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
#Venice may put glass wall around #StMarksBasilica to curb future flood damage 
US Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Hilarious! Courageous Stripper cornered dirty 🐀 Hunter and now he has to cough up the money because a longer hearing means more disclosure about the Biden Racketeering! Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Republicans aim to suppress your vote; how you can stop them 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording #ParnasTrump #GOP #TrumpUkraine #Trump 
OH really Where have you been Stephen Left wing white Hollywood Hypocrites Wake up they've always held people back! Nothing changed! They lie! 
Sofia Kenin is first through to Australian Open semifinals #AustralianOpen #Kenin #tennis 
Who the f*ck are these idiots who find this humorous?? This fool is no leader and I wish a third of the country would wake the hell up!! @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
#QAnon Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Let’s help ⁦@⁩ get a poll correct for once. ⁦@ComfortablySmug⁩ 
🚨🚨🚨CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | 
America needs a good person in the White House. Someone smart and ethical,not a bunch of thugs in a crime syndicate. Its not about party,its about this country, our citizens,this world ,what GOD wants not criminals for NWO -rise of lucifer. ( eyeRoll) ** 
38:30+ @realdonaldtrump finds out how vulnerable Ukraine is. Just like a Predator. He sized up the prey. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
— Breaking News, Top Stories, &amp; Show Clips | NBC News 
With all due respect, it’s obviously not enough to just “ screen then”. Obviously they need to be quarantined for the incubation period to keep everyone as safe as possible! ⁦alert⁩ 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
@realdonaldtrump @WhiteHouse Dirty Devin nunes! Parnas accuses Devin Nunes of being 'involved' in anti-Biden effort 
Trump announces plan for two-state solution to bring peace to the Middle East 
Chuck Todd: “At times it did seem like we were watching two different trials: the Democrats focusing on the substance of their case, the White House team focusing on attacking the process.” 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Intentional lying in Senate impeachment trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Would you hire these guys? I wouldn't take them for free. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Lara Trump says poll with high ratings for economy will be hard for Dems to run against 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
You may be walking your dog wrong, PETA founder says. @GoogleNews 
At tense Virginia rally, gun-rights supporters chanted 'We will not comply' 
@Josemor11350147 @SmokeyStafford @Benwa99 @pertyrose1 @realDonaldTrump Oh dear. Your boy isn't having a very good time if it at the moment is he. 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 'Trump was reportedly recorded telling associates at a private dinner in April 2018 at the Trump Hotel to “get rid” of then-Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch, to “take her out,” @NBCNews 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Wow, Fox news finally talks about Sharia law! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @senatemajldr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FuckTheGOP #IMPOTUS #MoscowMitch NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials #SmartNews 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
And who is this woman again? Oh she's a Senator? She's running for PRESIDENT? I didn't know that! 😮 When did she join the race and what state is she from? Does she actually have a functioning campaign? Now WHO is she again? Lemme see..👀 #DemsAreDorks🤡 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
It's pretty darn sorry to make fun of 65 million plus American voters who happen to not share your views of our president. But what can one expect from such a sorry network as cnn? Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
VOTE THEM OUT! 😠 There are Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial. @SenMcSallyAZ will get the boot in #Arizona. We Arizonans are certainly watching you, girlfriend. 👁️ 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
@briebriejoy Bernie lashed out at (this is nearly impossible to believe) Planned Parenthood for the dreaded crime of endorsing his opponent in 2016... Planned Parenthood or Joe Rogan, who represents your values, Sanders values, ma'am? 
I'm listening to the Lev Parnas audio, all 1 hour and 23 minutes of it. I wanted to know what else Trump had to say besides "taking out" Marie Yovanovich. I'm gonna post up some of the more intelligible bits as I hear them. 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @AriFleischer Pence is putting out ad's is what people are saying 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in Louisiana 
President Trump backs down on a threat after being contradicted by members of his cabinet 
Glimmer of truth coming out? 
@MarshaBlackburn tRump called the FBI scum. You can sit down now. 
True to form, Trump finds a way to stiff contractors (again) Trumps visit to New Jersey today brings back bad memories for Contractors that he stiffed for work they did for him that he never paid.@realDonaldTrump @ @CNN @Dar_Thatcher 
What is democratic socialism? 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Schumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses 
JUST IN: Israel's PM Netanyahu pulls his request for immunity from prosecution, hours before parliamentary proceedings on the subject were set to begin. 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Again what part did Hunter play in Trumps scheme? THINK!!!!! Sen. Manchin: I think Hunter Biden is a relevant witness 
@crippledjerk @JuneSummer1 @riotwomennn Here's one from where he helps someone, since business insider is apparently not a trustworthy source, somehow. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book - NBC News @nuzzel 
White House eyes backward steps on anti-bribery laws 
@agendafreenews Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
NBC News has obtained the audio released by Lev Parnas through his attorney that appears to show Trump ordering the firing of then-U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch. 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at NJ rally: He had enough of Dems' socialism 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Oh, never mind 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
"Michael Levin: 'OK, Boomer.' Really?! -- Here's what needs to be said to the younger generations" FOX NEWS 
More bullshit lies from team tRump 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
@RashidaTlaib She Support’s her love Palestine, yet they harbor one of America’s Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Dems on witnesses. 
Politics GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
.@senstabenow says John Bolton “ought to be coming to the United States Senate as a witness”. “It doesn’t mater what happened in the House at this point in terms of process.... This is the trial, this is the moment for him.” 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script - @GoogleNews 
Sen. Stabenow: 'John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate' 
This is what they bring: 
Buttigieg: 'This election process is about what happens after Donald Trump' 
#Pompeo doesn’t deny it’s true though. NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine @nbcnews #impeachment #AMJoy #SundayMorning 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
As Donald Trump's Senate impeachment trial gets underway, he'd love to have the American public behind him. But that's clearly not the case. 
Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff This really should have been a ⁦@littlecaesars⁩ promotion. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
@DavidCornDC No. Did you see this @AriMelber 's interview with Mark Meadows? It's clear they're practicing willful ignorance. 
@WhiteHouse If Trump is innocent then why lock down the trial? Click on the link below. 
Marc Thiessen: Obama took lying to new heights with the Iran deal 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial 
The Perfect Dinner: No worries. I'm sure Putin got it the moment dinner ended. 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
I hope this does not happen! @maddow is correct to ask, is this what classified means? #TrialToRemove @AmbJohnBolton #WitnessesAndDocuments 
'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' chief legal analyst Ari Melber said "Ken Starr was out there shadowboxing with himself... and constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face and then walk off the floor." 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
THE GREAT UNION EMPLOYEES OF CORRUPT SAN FRANCISCO 🤣😂🤣😂San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@BroBible Sorry no sympathy for her at all - comes out before the Olympics saying IM A VIRGIN (which we really didnt need to know) then blames her poor performance on all the media attention she got 🙄 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
What the hell is wrong with Republicans?!?! And to think I actually supported ⁦@MittRomney⁩ what an A$$hat! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Bernie Sanders supports this D.A. "Meet San Francisco's new lightning rod DA: Raised by Bill Ayers, worked for Hugo Chavez" 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Trump unveils map of proposed State of Palestine #PeacePlan #KAG #Trump2020 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Polls show tight four-way race in Iowa 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum Oh, that's ok. We call him much worse. 😁 
Fire him, your ratings are low enough @donlemon @CNN 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan #CNN #MSNBC 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial 
When you #GoogleBernie you see he’s just another politician hypocrite that has become rich off tax payer money 💰 
Philadelphia man surrenders after Allen Iverson's backpack stolen with $500G in jewelry inside | 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
@thewhitehouse @realdonaldtrump yeah right. I think we believe bolton over liar chump. Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews President Trump rails about the impeachment trial in morning tweetstorm, with multiple misleading assertions or falsehoods. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Jessica Simpson shares photo of Calabasas mountains after Kobe Bryant's fatal crash: 'I felt the loss' 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador #TakeHerOutNotFired 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied - - 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ @SenWhitehouse on the #Trump defense 
If you're doing this one thing, you're probably putting your #startup's #security at risk. #cybersecurity #cdwsocial 
Sen. Debbie Stabenow: "John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate as a witness and if the president has nothing to hide, then he should not be objecting to his national security advisor coming forward and saying what he knows." 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Terrorist supporter Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Don't worry Joni, you may be remembered for being an honest Republican. A rarity now days! "Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Majority want Trump Removed From Office! #ImpeachAndRemove 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
National forecast for Wednesday, January 29 Janice Dean has your FoxCast. 
@TuckerCarlson Report this. I dare you. Your President believes he is above all law and that the Constitution is phony. So much for ya'll's 2A rights 🙄 
#KAG2020LandslideVictory @RandPaul @JeffVanDrew #makenygr8agsin US SEN Rand Paul justifiably/righteously blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer (NY 'SEN') for defaming Trump family: ~ 'They ought to sue him', sez he. ~ 
Antonio Brown appears in court, told he can remove ankle monitor and travel in US 
FFS - every single one of them are #traitors acting on behalf of #putin by continuing to spread this debunked #insane #Russian propaganda oh how far have the Republicans fallen "During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory" 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Hey ⁦@SenJohnKennedy⁩ I was just thinking about all the pets I own and this popped into my head 
Case closed. Constitutionalist Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment | 
'Real people are getting hurt': House Dem on need for Ukraine aid 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing Curious George on Tree 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Wowwwwwww 
WATCH: ‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense. #inners 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
“I’m really interested to see how this discussion today informs and influences the Iowa caucus voters. Will they be supporting Vice President Biden at this point?” Ernst, a member of GOP leadership, asked at a press conference Monday. 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@bubblhed @DianaMcBlue @KevinMKruse @MarshaBlackburn Also, Sondland testified that Ukraine was only asked to announce an investigation, not conduct one. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich. Doesn’t seem very honest to me ⁦@joerogan⁩ Bernie is as dirty as the rest. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Trump is right about deep state criminal John Bolton. Bush🦏 RINO💩 Bolton is a demented warmonger &amp; 
MASSIVE CHEERING NJ CROWDS OF PEOPLE WAITED FOR TWO DAYS &amp; NIGHTS IN THE COLD JUST TO GET INTO TRUMP’S WILDWOOD, NJ RALLY TO SEE PRESIDENT TRUMP &amp; NOW “REPUBLICAN” REP JEFF VAN DREW! #TurnNJBlue #VoteJeffVanDrew2020 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
THE LYING ⁦@donlemon⁩ addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters You’re such a fraud Lemon! 
Go Left or lose again DNC! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul THIS IS CALLED PREMEDITATION. 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Turkey 😯 
#DEMSinARRAY "Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Unbelievable, I've never seen anything like it in a blue State. #KAGA2020 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
The link provided doesn’t work. Here is a ble one: 
Great clip with Rachel Maddow &amp; Parnas's attorney Joseph Bondy. Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
Chris Wallace: Bombshell claim by John Bolton has Trump defenders 'spinning like crazy' #SmartNews 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Ugh... I Despise Pam Bondi. She is the Fmr. AG of FLA. She was Rabidly against DACA and ACA. She was Recently accused of a Bribery Crime herself, Involving #45RacistLiar. Shes a Cold Racist... and she Thinks Jared Kushner is "One of the ... (1/2) 
Wow...Jesus just became the latest victim of the radical Left Cancel Culture. 
Good question! Sen. Klobuchar responds to reports that senators have been caught sleeping during President Trump's impeachment trial: "I just don’t know why they would have this job and come here if they’re not going to protect the Constitution." 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations - 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
New coronavirus not yet declared a global health concern; WHO will meet again Thursday 
No @LindseyGrahamSC it throws yours and @gop LIES in the ditch 
This news clip shows our lowest wage earners are having the largest wage increases, also talks about our housing market being ready to boom, mentions FICO score changes, and all around prosperity which is great for all Americans: 
I actually feel sorry for these clowns. They don’t even know how most of the public view them. They keep making the case to not trust them. Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Silicon Valley endorses China's approach as it scrambles to promote establishment misinformation about the #coronavirus by escalating its ongoing war against #FreedomOfSpeech!!! 
.@SenAmyKlobuchar to Republican senators: You're supposed to protect our Constitution. Learn more: #11thHour 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Let’s take each of #DonaldTheImpeached's claims one at a time and please try not laugh while reading. 👇🏽 
Full video released of Trump discussing Ukraine ambassador’s ouster: Watch the tape 
@plcb1977 @KJordanGill @cameron_kasky That’s a Clinton talking point that has been debunked. It’s rewriting history. 
There needs to be a 3 state solution: Jordan, Israel, &amp; Egypt. Jordan reclaims sovereignty over the West Bank, Egypt reclaims sovereignty over Gaza &amp; Israel retains its land. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@Alyssa_Milano And ... I’ll just drop this right here so You Have something to Mull On ..... 
Stewart returns, US beats UConn 79-64 in women's basketball 
Rand Paul blasts @ChuckSchumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Bernie Sanders leads in latest Iowa poll, weeks before caucuses 
Read and try to understand this Fox news. Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote | 
Too little, too late Donny boy. Damage is done along with your career. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
CBP officers in Minnesota seize $900G in counterfeit bills from Chinese shipping container 
@realDonaldTrump "As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks." 
@realDonaldTrump will stop for sure, and maybe @ewarren And maybe @JoeBiden. Not sure of the rest of the candidates. MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
Pete Buttigieg on 2020: "The things I'm talking about can't wait four years. They can't wait eight years." 
"American Airlines suspending flights between Los Angeles and mainland China amid coronavirus outbreak" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
White House eyes backward steps on anti-bribery laws 
👍 Devin Nunes: National Security Council should be 'quarantined' to Virginia 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries More proof that @realDonaldTrump does not care about our active military and our veterans. #TBI is not just "a headache" 
@CNNTonight @TheRickWilson Lemon, who last June said he might have to leave TV because of “toxicity,” laughed uproariously at his own toxic TV show. And the network that regularly complains about “hateful speech” by the admin, actually promoted the incident. .@CNN .@CNNPolitics 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Here all this time @realDonaldTrump was blaming @BarackObama for taping him and it was #LevParnas who he said he didn't know 🤔😂😂😂😂 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
.@MTPFirstRead: Here's why Sen. Sanders is rising — and how he could win. 
Yes. Yes indeed. 
Michael Schmidt on Bolton's book: "It takes on the central defense of the Trump impeachment. The President's lawyers have repeatedly said that there was no tie between the military aid and the investigations" @Morning_Joe #BoltonMustTestify #BoltonBook 
How is it the Republicans can have a majority but yet they lose to the minority every time? There's no point in voting Republican just quit voting. Idiots. All of them. They're useless 
Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
Wednesday's Mini-Report, 1.22.20 
Rosenberg: The cure for 'hearsay evidence' is to allow testimony and documents - will GOP do that? 
@realDonaldTrump We're busy listening to this! 
"Schumer: Hunter Biden can tell us 'nothing' about Trump's conduct" Exactly. #GOP #gaslighting #impeachment #Senate 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source What this entire trial is revealing to America is how morally corrupt politics has become! This is exactly why we voted for Trump as a non PC outsider ! 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Magnitude of 7.7 earthquake felt as far away in Miami. This will affect current tourists in Cayman Islands and Cuba. However, as Jamaica is prone to earthquakes, the Jamaica Tourist Board is already prepared with safety measures! #HTM402 
.⁦@CNN⁩ Lemon is a 100% Dumb Ass 👎👎 Trump 2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | 
@MikeBloomberg looking petty and petulant. All your money can't buy charisma and personality, Mike. 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
@tburages @maddow @JoeBiden Probably not. A search only finds this interview from 2016! I'd think if there were one more recent it would have shown up. Full video: VP Joe Biden with Rachel Maddow 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference Joe you are the fool! 
Bernie Sanders on upswing in early states in new Iowa, New Hampshire polls 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
@NcPennywise @wisconsin4bern1 @PatrickAKarlson @ewarren The apology. 
"How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet" FOX NEWS 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court They found him in his running car in the garage. Efforts were made to revive him. Dulos was taken to UConn Health Center. 
The American Federation of Teachers filed a lawsuit Wednesday against the Education Department and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos for her repeal of Obama-era regulations designed to hold for-profit colleges and universities accountable to their... 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | #NJ 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #ImpeachmentDay #GOPCoverup #ShamTrial #ThereShouldBeALaw 
Under no circumstances should the nation’s chief diplomat shout obscenities at a professional journalist who was doing her job, #Pompeo #Maddow #NPR #Ukraine #RemoveTrumpNow #PompeoResign 
⁦@senatemajldr McConnell⁩ says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ Do you even have a clue what goes on in your district/state? Do you even care? I think... probably not!!! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@DavidWaddell5 @RebellionVote Donald Trump "i dont know who Lev Parnas is, ive never met him before. Sounds like he never met Stormy Daniels either.: 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Crime pit #StLouis take #1!!! Surprised? Nope. All the libs and #thugs who think the law doesn't apply to them. So glad we moved away. ⁦@LydaKrewson⁩ @stltoday ⁦@KMOV⁩ ⁦@FOX2now⁩ ⁦@RyanDeanKSDK⁩ 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez CALIFORNIA IS LOST 
I didn't bother reading up on the coronavirus because I thought the outbreak was local, but now am hearing that there are several reported cases in US and elsewhere. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump really? 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" #Shameful&amp;Shameless 
@SenAlexander The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence (w Sondland) regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
@JackPosobiec @realDonaldTrump Why are they camped out? Couldn't get laundry service for the Klan outfits at Motel6? 
FoxNews Kilmeade: 'Incredible' that Bolton is releasing book while Trump is still in office | -- IMHO, now that we know what ultra-con and former Fox contributor says, corroborating the impeachment offences, Trump should be removed from office. 
@amyklobuchar angles for a VP spot. She'll try to spoil as much as she can for the others... Just watch. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant Did they include the 2003 rape of a 19 yr old hotel worker? Very sorry about the 2 children on the chopper 😥💔 
Mark Penn: Trump impeachment is an unproductive exercise in political rage, it's time to end trial #AAG #AAG2020 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' | 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Pete Hegseth talks with New Jersey voters about President Trump's rally #AAG #AAG2020 
Let’s be clear: this audio is President Trump making the decision to fire a critical US Ambassador based on the word of Lev Parnas, a foreign agent and FELON. This is a national security disaster and shows exactly how unfit Trump is to lead. 
Chris Matthews: If I were a Republican, I’d ask, ‘What happened to my god damn party?’ 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Bolton's team said they supplied the WH with a single copy of Bolton's book manuscript "in good faith", so that it could undergo a security review. They say copies of it were made, and that any leaks of the book did not come from them... #BoltonBookLeak 
Anyone notice the pattern? The MINUTE ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ is given even the slightest of pushback, he responds with anger, bully tactics, puts hands on people, challenges them to fights, etc. It may reflect physical &amp;/or mental issues. 
Chris Wallace Sunday "fat-shaming," singling out Nadler after mbrs. of Congress shown on video from 1998. Why else would Wallace mention just him? Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Some Vesuvius victims 'baked' for hours as they died, shocking find reveals 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
Azar: #China has #refused continued offers from the US to send #CDC officials to the country to help with the outbreak response. The offer was first made on Jan. 6. US officials continue to urge more transparency from China as the disease spreads. 
From @ProjectLincoln 
LISTEN: @SenAmyKlobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview #hypocrites 
"Appears to show"? C'mon, that him - the weird hair, the ill fitting suit, the shiny red tie dragging on the floor. Do better, 
Wildwood, New Jersey voters have 'Breakfast with Friends' at Vegas Diner #AAG #AAG2020 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch @ Yo @realDonaldTrump you could have simply written her a letter telling her that you no longer needed her services. What a loser you are 
@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Did you say FRAUD 
@Juakar @WilliamFPeters2 If he keeps saying shit like this, it won't last. We'll get some of them back and that's all we need... 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
THE ENEMY WITHIN Wake up voters now Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Proposed House bill urges NASA to delay putting US boots back on the moon until 2028 
Tucker Carlson: Hong Kong has closed its borders with mainland China, but as of Tuesday night, for reasons that are not at all clear, planes are still landing in this country from Chinese cities. 
If this is true no aid to Jordan until she is turned over. #fox Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
THE REAL NAZI FARRAHKAN SUPPORTED BY MANY DEMS ! HE SAID "HITLER WAS A GREAT MAN" "JEWS ARE TERMITES" Many democrats still not disavowed Farrahkan ! #ImpeachmentHoax #ImpeachTrumpNow #IMPEACH 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
The people have heard and seen enough! Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a 'homework assignment' 
Before you post about the #CoronaVirus , fact check. Social media may target your post if decides (truth or not) whether its legit. 👇 Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation | 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@Lorrain94249458 @lilJimmy51 @13beans1 @therealclifftho @BrandonBeckham_ @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump I thought Trump didn’t know Parnas?? Here is a 90 minute recording of the 2 together. Start thinking about how you want to spin this 😉 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so! 
Jordan: What Democrats did in the House was unfair to the president | Video ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@Jim_Jordan⁩ 
What a great leader the President is. Always pushing for ambitious plans 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' It was blessedly quiet from her awhile, yet AOC weighs in again w her inanities. Please vote this woman out; she’s woefully unprepared for her job. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
You cannot deny the truth but the Trumpsters always will because they drink the kool-aid! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Congress gets paid lucrative salaries &amp; the best of the best benefits by We The People,yet they do not do their jobs. We would be fired immediately GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
@Maddow said @RepAdamSchiff seems to talk more "from the top of his head." The word for that is "extemporaneously." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Sanders has plans; I have results, says Deval Patrick 
You must really think Americans are complete morons like you are. 
@realDonaldTrump Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich'. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
DON LEMON. YOU ARE NOTHING BUT A LIAR. ALSO YOU ARE A TRUE LEMON IN EVERY SENSE OF THE WORD. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters ⁦@donlemon⁩ ⁦@cnnbrk⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ 
"If it's authenticated, what bothers me the most ... is this line, 'take her out,'" Rep. Demings said. "As a former law enforcement officer, that line usually comes out of the mouths of gangsters or mobsters or gang members." 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
D.C. attorney general charges Trump inaugural committee enriched the family business 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
President Trump set to reveal Middle East peace plan #AAG #AAG2020 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
They are not entitlements and don't cut them bitch! "In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
@FaceTheNation @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC #hypocriteGraham #lyingGraham #syncophantgraham 1998 "Members, dont decide the case until the case is in" now u say I am partial. I wont vote to impeach this sham blah blah blah 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Did China makes this virus. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
CBP officers in Minnesota seize $900G in counterfeit bills from Chinese shipping container . China gives back to help economy Thanks Trump! 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
WAKE-UP call for @SenCollins! Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Sen. Kaine: "All I want from my Republican colleagues is that they treat the matter of an impeachment trial of the president of the United States with at least the same degree of seriousness as they would get ... on a driving offense." 
Viral TikTok video shows men playing cards while waiting at Florida intersection 
Dr. Marc Siegel sounds alarm over China's 'reckless' and 'really scary' response to coronavirus 
@RudyGiuliani @SDNYnews @NewYorkStateAG @ManhattanDA HE WANTS TOO TESTIFY UNDER OATH IN FRONT OF THE GRAND JURY. 
My friend @TheRickWilson laying down the total smackdown . 
.@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Russian officials rescue over 500 'amateur' fishermen who got stranded on giant ice floe 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash captured on Nest camera #SmartNews 
Audio recording appears to show conversation between Parnas and Trump about Ukraine ambassador 
@SenateGOP @RoyBlunt @realDonaldTrump 7 out of 10 want witnesses! 
Hannity is part of the problem. Quid Pro Quo IS NOT A CRIME. Hannity never says that. He works for Fox, Paul Ryan, Bribery, Treason, Extortion are crimes. Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo | 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
Jimmy Kimmel honors Kobe Bryant, performs without audience because 'a comedy show didn't feel right' #SmartNews 
Next on Trump’s agenda; peace in the Middle East. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Liberal SF now steals my from the feces cleanup fund 🙄 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP #netde 
Something needs to be done about Schiff's lies and deception 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid ANOTHER COVERT NEVER TRUMPER SHOWS HIS TRUE COLOR. RAT. HE WAS INVOLVED IN THE FAILED WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION &amp; MIDEAST WARS. 
Trump always supports male abusive behavior. 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
TRUMP DOCTRINE 4EVA!!!!! 
"Former Belgium King Albert II admits he fathered child in extramarital affair over 50 years ago" 
@EliseStefanik Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
#5362644f948f540da9b5577e607e192c Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Disgraceful. Where's the Women's March when you REALLY need it? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
You keep saying Dumpf isn't inciting violence. He incites murder. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Bossie: “Any Rep senator considering voting with the Dems 2 call more witnesses must understand the gravity of the situation. This is their moment to set a precedent that partisan impeachment efforts will not and should not get any undeserved oxygen.” 
Alternative hot take: the evidence already presented is more than sufficient to convict, so Bolton’s testimony won’t change anything. Because they’re still not going to vote consistent with the evidence, constitutional law and their oaths. #ShamTrial 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
From Discover on Google 
@jziol14 @frankbaitman @stuartpstevens Not just kompromat, many of the fundamentalists aka evangelicals, in &amp; out of Congress, have been openly in bed with Putin since he signed his anti-gay law in 2013. 
@SenatorTimScott @LindseyGrahamSC Here in South Carolina, RIGHT MATTERS #VoteBlue 36days BTW: Just sent $$ to @harrisonjaime because he will represent the Palmetto state Lt. Col. Vindman on America: 'This is America... here, right matters' 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Meanwhile in impeachment land. 
WATCH: Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell. #inners 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ - - 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
I read this article posted on where Trump announced that if elected in 2020 his focus will be towards cutting Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. Talk about a revolution! 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Brian Williams, Sen. Angus King call out defense attorney Jay Sekulow's false flag argument on who interfered with US elections 
.@AriMelber on tweets from Pres. Trump and his staff: "It's legal to lie on the Internet. Harder to do it in a trial setting." 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book | 
Half the country doesn't vote. Damn. On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
WOW! Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
God bless President Trump Trump Pence 2020! Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Hosted By MFrazz: Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wife's defense over 'hostile working environment' claims at palace 
Syrian forces, with Russia's help, capture strategic town from rebels 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@Jim_Jordan “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript #AAG #AAG2020 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Let's Refocus Here Rabid Republicans. Trump is the One on TRIAL, NOT the Bidens. 1. ABUSE of POWER 2. OBSTRUCTION of CONGRESS Sen. Manchin: I think Hunter Biden is a relevant witness 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
@WaltKostrzewski @NikoFico1 @DectiveSamSpade @SahrKasem @steelslat @Politinfo @RiggedSys @jesseawayne1 @TheLastRefuge2 @Happy19111 @krassenstein Look at this fake news! 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
Biden says he would not cut SSN benefits as POTUS 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', 'made points for us' 
Kristin Tate says Republicans may lose Texas 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump has chosen lobbyists to run EPA, HHS, DOD, and Interior 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary. Why? Was this a manufactured virus? A biological weapon that escaped? 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally “Because they can’t win!” 
Most wanted female terrorist and murderer lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans. Jordan receives billions from the U.S. Jordan refuses to turn her over. She was rewarded by being a talk show host. 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'. This is why the Senate trial want be fair because of Trump and McConnell stopping everything. | 
@realDonaldTrump Is about to get Democrats to come out against Mideast Peace. 
Only if they're a RETHUGLICON. Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Well, yeah. IMO, they tried to weapon one a pathogen. Broke out. Wuhan has a P4 Lab. It also happens to be home to China’s Virology center. #ImagineThat 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
%2522%2527Take%2520her%2520out%2527%253A%2520Reported%2520tape%2520suggests%2520Trump%2520demanded%2520ambassador%2527s%2520firing%2522%2520 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
@kmoody1966 @realDonaldTrump Smart man keeps his mouth shut and takes notes when convinced someone in the room is breaking the law again after he warned him, after I imagine John Kelly warned @AmbJohnBolton on his leaving. Seem to be pretty tight now, well according to FoxNews. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
👀^ to the sky 😳 
@bandersongolfer Keep you eye on DiFi! 
@thehill REALITY: Trump broke the law #RemoveTrump 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Can you believe this horseshit? All over an unverified source from the NYT, like it wasn't a premeditated leak. Mitt Romney is a POS!!! McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Welcome Van Drew! 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott I wish you Both thought this open mindedly because South Carolinians deserve to hear "WITNESSES" #TrumpImpeachment 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Where is the pee too movement? 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
@RepMarkMeadows @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Malaysia sends back trash, says it won't be world's waste bin 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Not worth the million dollar drone drop Hooya Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
HUGE DANGER IN PLAY: #Dems relentless assault on #ElectoralCollege, so #Pelosi, #Schiff, #AOC, #Nadler (Calif-NY) can run entire country. -- Op-ed author: The left is moving forward on nullifying the Electoral College 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' The fundamental crime here is you dems refuse to accept the fact there were no crimes committed by trump.every investigation has proven it. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Syrian forces, with Russia's help, capture strategic town from rebels 
Kobe Bryant crash investigators report tremendous response to request for #WEATHER photos; NTSB official describes debris fi 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
PETER SCHWEIZER: How socialist Sanders, family got rich off the taxpayer 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Barstow, Calif., shaken by magnitude-4.6 earthquake: preliminary measure 
Trump may have met his match in Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump SHOCKING VIDEO will come out. Trump withheld aid in 2019 after asking Lev Parnas in 2018 how long Ukraine could hold out if US aid was not forthcoming. ALL IMPOTUS roads lead to Russia 
Gianna Bryant, 13, is among the dead in the helicopter crash that has killed her father, Kobe Bryant, and others. 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 💩 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
#Regions : "How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet.” #Tech #revolutionary #innovation #business #influence #future 
Dear God.....🙄🙄 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
From - McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
I Invite ALL of You to Watch or Listen to #AMJoy @ 10am on... " Live Audio" 
@realDonaldTrump under NO circumstances should we allow Sharia Law within our borders. Please BAN Sharia Law or deport all practicing Muslims immediately. It's barbaric and ridiculous. 
Northeastern University student from Iran denied entry to U.S. 
🤣🤣Who is Kiding who!Joe they are Brilliant...More then you will ever be🤣🤣 Just shut up 🤐. Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump @AtMorningJoe @TeamTrump 
Hunter Biden did not work out of the White House. Iowa's Joni Ernst admits GOP IS TRYING TO SMEAR Joe Biden. Ernst should be demanding an investigation of the Nepotism Two-Jared &amp;Ivanka- and Dimwit Donnie using the White House two forward his business. 
He really is a nasty piece of work, I wonder how Westpoint are feeling about his behaviour, it doesn't reflect well on that institution NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT IS NOT A FRIEND BUT AN ENEMY BUT THE CHINESE PEOPLE ARE FRIENDS OF AMERICA 
Interesting...offer was made to have the Chief Justice rule on materiality of any witnesses, but the @GOP majority denied that, as well. Schiff makes a valid point about this not being a fantasy football draft of witnesses - this video is worth watching. 
Not Good!!!!.... Dr. Marc Siegel on rapid spread of coronavirus | 
China rejecting US/CDC help with Wuhan Virus. #coronavirus 
Orchestrated sham...#ImpeachmentHoax McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
A leaked book by a former member of the Executive Branch without a NS Review is a violation of National Security and a crime. Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@SenatorRomney John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
American Dems so dumb. While stuck in this useless impeachment the GOP and Trump prepare for his reelection. And they'll win again if you don't pull yourself together very quickly #ImpeachmentTrial 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
This is @GOP speak for "I will lie for my Congressional seat." #Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
@RollingStone Presidential Harassment continues plus FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
🤔...Read the quote in my bio from #FDR Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Us #weiners have to stick up for each other, TY @WaukeshaSheriff, #Solidarity! "#police..tweeted..the driver..was let off with a verbal warning, suggesting there’s no ill will against..company for moving its headquarters from #Madison to #Chicago in 2015." 
Refreshing, honest, compelling ... Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
National poll: US majority want Trump REMOVED from office | Bleak for Trump: CNN poll shows narrow majority of Americans agree he should be REMOVED from office 57% agree he OBSTRUCTED the House impeachment inquiry 58% believe he abused his powers 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
@realDonaldTrump Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
BERNERS: Thoughts on this article? (Please actually read it) 
this is spot on — thanks, Lincoln Project 
Conservative critics of Pres. Trump launch a PAC to defeat him in the next election. Cofounder Rick Wilson says the current GOP "is dedicated to the sole defense of a man who is overtly criminal, overtly corrupt, and who has diminished the office" 
Adam Schiff says Trump's defense team made effective case for John Bolton's testimony 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
@realDonaldTrump Except what they said over and over were facts and evidence. What you say and tweet over and over are lies. Now an audio tape comes out with you sounding like a “ mob boss “ or tyrant. 
Once arrested fugitive drug dealer from NYC who I had to fight to get into handcuffs. I was alone so put him into front seat like this. While car was moving he started trying to kick &amp; head butt me. I took care of business but he was major safety problem. 
Germany confirms first coronavirus case 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP 
@sacdamb @funder Meanwhile ---&gt; Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally. 
Weissmann: GOP playing 'hear no evil, see no evil' because they don't want to find it #SenateTrial #Impeachment 
ARREST THE PRESIDENT HE HAS THE EVIDENTS. From Discover on Google 
@MarshaBlackburn The majority of Americans want the lying corrupt man squatting in our WH gone! We are watching and we are angry! We are sick and tired of #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
From Discover on Google 
@GOP "66% call for witnesses in Trump's impeachment trial: Poll - ABC News" "National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" ____ I am a torture victim of the FBI. Trump is covering up human rights abuse. 
Just some more #swampdraining #qanon #CorruptDemocrat 
Germany confirms first coronavirus case 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
National poll: US majority wants to see Dumbshit Trump removed from office 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers... 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates #tcot 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@BernieSanders Let's be honest. This is a lie. Guess ur apology wasn't really one? Sorry, not sorry, eh? You know who has class? @JoeBiden Morning Joe tried to get him to criticize you for this, and he wouldn't take the bait. Too bad you don't have the same standards. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize SHE IS WORTHLESS... 
WATCH: Swing county Arizona voters weigh in on impeachment. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
@JDW714 @42Gnome @PATRIQT_1776 @Lor_blueeyes @jdd2169 @9CatGhosts @Thumper5465 @Black_is_back5 @Vickie627 @boodacat2020 @rockscot1 @samfoof @Brian_Alford @Skinsnrugby @GPoopon @WalkedAwa @TomDoubting @franjerkington @NeoDJT @CC_Worley @RedQueen2020 @JillayneMC @downrangechaos @SONADORLIVESON @LouT27 @AllaraTravel1 @ChrisB892020 @atumpkins11 @ShannonTtexas @bitterlily22 @simon_r_katz @MargeELDER8 @RoseWoo15096108 @Pompano_Pete @RobertCharlesL4 @tSlacksMarin @mattrellen @RatPatrol15 @AsanteS09913224 @mick719 @FactsMatterDonM @Glittergutz47 @jerbear714 @MarvelsEdge @BeatriceofEste @zimmy1998 @maxxxxxx888 @beericua @Kevin84500028 Here Jer. Audio and video. You like that. 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes Lemon comments: "During my tenure at CNN, I repeatedly challenged, on-air, the bias of Don Lemon and he always claimed journalistic objectivity. This clip showcases the truth for the whole country to ascertain for themselves”. 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 👏🏻 @chrislhayes 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations - 
Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
#Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing #SocialSecurity plan #TechJunkieInvest 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight This personifies the Democrat nightmare scenario, in the heart of Blue Country Trump will be drawing a massive crowd of passionate supporters in countering Democrats impeachment ! 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Dems struggling with the black voter 
Do surgical masks protect against coronavirus? 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum Must watch. @DavidJollyFL is a national treasure. 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' ⁦@Morning_Joe⁩ nailed it 
“It’s a bit like when Trump tells stories about unnamed crying men, calling him ‘sir,’ and expressing their undying love for him: when we hear the phrase ‘ahead of schedule,’ it’s best to be skeptical.” (That is to say — he’s just making shit up again.) 
@lisamurkowski The majority of Americans want the lying corrupt man squatting in our WH gone! We are watching and we are angry! We are sick and tired of #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Exactly! 
@MarshaBlackburn @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Now do this one. That bailout made the trajectory of trumpy and his spending even more ominous. Party of fiscal responsibility, eh? 🤣 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
On cell phone video NBC News has obtained from Lev Parnas his attorney. After the video appears to briefly capture the president on camera at a small donor dinner. Orders ambassador fired. 
Dumbshit Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
@armanwalker Biden's Testimony and #VoteForSomebodyElse is his slogan! 
Seeing #progress, #Schumer warns of #Trump, #McConnell power over #GOP #News #TrumpLies #TrumpAdministration #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrail 
Trump’s complaints-Trump is NOT a victim. His actions placed him in this predicament. Whining as always, should not be a “get out of jail free” card. Time to hold him accountable ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
@Lee_in_Iowa @SenatorRomney @SenatorRomney I heard you are bored. Take a look at the recent polling on what AMERICAN VOTERS are thinking. BTW, you &amp; the Rs could have pushed McConnell to make this MUCH more bearable. You guys had the votes. Save our Country &amp; Constitution. 
Better get your shit together McConnell. Put it to a vote. Be prepared for civil war. #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #Trump2020Landslide 
Politics Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Remember friends, Trump HATES the military. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Wow.. Democrats are busy using their old playbook ! It’s like Groundhog Day!!! This is a scene straight out of the Kavanaugh Hearing. 
Pelosi’s now controls the Senate. What the Fuck. It’s a trial and jurors don’t have the right to ask for shit. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@AComplicit4 @Stephaniefishm4 @amysrosenberg Happily Judge Andrew Napolitano started that one. 
What is Trump thinking? Two men who’ve worked for him weigh in 
"Three years into President Donald Trump’s first term and the news media still don’t understand how we got here." Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews "The seriousness of this moment has mostly meant that people are sitting down and listening," Sen. Warren tells @maddow. "It doesn't have the feel of a social moment. It has the feel of an historic moment—and people are paying more attention to the facts." 
Bolton continues to complicate Senate witness question 
What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments 
New Jerseyans on why they support Trump: 'Huge resurgence of patriotism' in our nation | 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Just apologize, stop making excuses, we know exactly what you are......Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Everybody says Lindsey Graham talks a good game, but does nothing. Not true. He and Cory Booker did something. They introduced a bill that protected Mueller and allowed the witch hunt to continue. 
@GOPLeader @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepJerryNadler @RepAdamSchiff TRUMP'S ATTORNEY'S LIED AND NEED TOO BE DISBARRED. @CREWcrew @federalbar @realDonaldTrump IS A PATHOLOGICAL LYING FRAUD. ALL WHO SPOKE FOR HIM LIED. @AriMelber REPORT THIS 
Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich. 
African-American pastor's incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters in February #Topbuzz 
@MoLulkowski @ACTBrigitte @realDonaldTrump Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
"He's broken the nation." @DavidJollyFL on where we are 3 years into Trump administration. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
"@RashidaTlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize" #Antisemitism 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues | 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
When ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ threatened to investigate ⁦@HillaryClinton⁩ and throw her in jail, where was this Fox idiot? He probably was losing his voice shouting “lock her up” at a Nazi rally. 
@HuffPost FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
@R13Jerry Why would anyone publicly humiliate themselves? 
@corben15 @Stop_Groupthink @realDailyWire Bernie Sanders and his family are just as crooked as the Joe Biden clan 
I am on vacation from Infowars so check out today also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #HR #GuildBulletin #Freebies #DesignThinking @DNRRTs #Pittsburgh #AI #MachineLearning #Anonymous @ShoutGamers #DigitalHealth @BlazedRTs #Hunting 
Why Trump, McCarthy seem so eager to side with Bernie Sanders 
💥 United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues... .... 
Thursday’s Campaign Round-Up, 1.23.20 
Trump ordering the removal of U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch #Mobhit #TrumpIsGuilty 
Most #viral News Now: West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just sec.. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
African-American pastor’s incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
THIS! As 's 'Joe' said this morning: Isn't this just 45 making the Democrats' case for obstruction? Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
"How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet" 
From Discover on Google Tunnel like the Great wall of Mexico? 
NYT%3A%20Bolton%20was%20worried%20Trump%20was%20doing%20favors%20for%20autocratic%20leaders%20 
GOP 'Plan B' &gt;&gt;&gt; Witness Package Approach leading to expedited acquittal &gt;&gt;&gt;BRILLIANT IDEA 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Lincoln Chafee on his decision to run for president as a Libertarian: 'Major parties have let us down' 
@CindyKendrick11 Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
“A Very Stable Genius” by @PhilipRucker &amp; @CarolLeonnig details the day-to-day history in the @realdonaldtrump WH This is a must read. I read @realBobWoodward’s Bush at War Trilogy &amp; Fear about the Trump WH. #StableGenius is absolutely mind-blowing! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich @SenSanders is a hypocrite 
Massive crowds form for #Trump #NewJersey rally amid #impeachment fight #Trumprally 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' Hey Tulsi..not a fan but think you are sincere and true to your beliefs..screw CNN..you REALLY don't need them..See DJT.. 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
@realDonaldTrump Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Paul Batura: Trump revives Mount Rushmore's July 4 celebration — and the use of common sense 
John Bolton reportedly working with Comey's former agents to publish book on time in Trump White House | 
@JoeBiden Yo yo tough old guy Biden feels the need to physical poke and grave the color of someone he sees might disagree with him. Mafia Joe. Lmao! Wouldn’t do that with me. 
Where are the congressional hearings on Puerto Rico? 
Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the first place 
Psychiatrist: Trump's projection on Chairman Schiff is ‘primitive’ 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic... 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Schumer: There is a 'cloud of unfairness' over the impeachment trial 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' "The Five" co-host Dana Perino took issue Tuesday with former Republican consultant Rick Wilson's mockery of Trump supporters as "credulous boomer rubes." #FireDonLemon 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary ~Hiding something? 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
A joyous affair as USS Lincoln arrives after 10-month deployment, sailors meet babies for first time 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
.@AriMelber breaks down important moments from the first day of President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@wm_clrk @justinamash I can't believe the House either. "Biden, Biden, Biden." Good thing the defense addessed it. 🙄 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Why I’m glad I don’t live in this shithole . Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
A group of conservative critics of President Trump has released a new ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. @cspanwj 
⁦⁦@cnnbrk⁩ ⁦@MSNBC_Breaking⁩ Breaking news👇🏼 has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
" Flash top entertainment headlines for Jan. 28" FOX NEWS 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' | 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report I guess you believe in fairy dust and unicorns 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Sarcasm is hostility disguised as humor. 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours 
#Conservatives target #SenCollins in new ad accusing her of a #coverup for #ImbecileInChief 
Evacuees originally flying into Ontario CA diverted to March AFB. 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump @ 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing - - 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
.@JoeNBC says Rep. Schiff's speech was a "virtuoso performance" yesterday during opening arguments at the Senate impeachment trial. 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump All Republicans should hear this! “Full audio: #LevParnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation” 
McConnell moves to lockdown press for Trump trial 
Mac Miller's producer Jon Brion on finishing posthumous album 'Circles' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews #rutroh #ohmy #impeachmentdrama 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Maybe , but I think Bolton would do better in a KFC commercial as Colonial Harland Sanders! Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says #CNN #MSNBC 
..Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says That’s real smart bring them here so we have it dumbasses 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change ⁦@JoeBiden⁩’s campaign, needs to keep Joe away from people.😬He’s arrogant as f’k. Not at all good with people. 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@AyannaPressley #1 Acting all hood 😂 #2 McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
'C'mon... Everyone understands the president wasn't acting in good faith': Hayes 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
How can you feel good about your SS with this guy? You cant believe a dam thing he says. He still think it's part of the budget. Its NOT. WE PAID INTO IT. "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Hannity: Trump legal team demolishes impeachment case 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal. 
Schiff says McConnell impeachment rules set up 'rigged trial' 
Hollywood fails again and No one cares about them giving out awards to each other. The Bubble Dwellers Hollywood Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low!!! 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
@realDonaldTrump Trump:💥"We have all the material" "Honestly, we have all the material," Trump said of his impeachment trial. "They don't have the material." #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #TrumpObstructionOfJustice 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments It’s not even written yet! I would go after whoever leaked it. Still not grounds for impeachment. Democrats are tiresome at finding nothing. 
"Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics" 
@JoeManchinWV demonstrates his lack of critical thinking: frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
4 people say Bolton is a liar Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments “You cannot impeach a president on an unsourced allegation.” “The bar for impeachment cannot be set this low.” 
@ I support Trump; he was just trying to get her a date- thinking she needed to get laid.. - "'Take her out,'" Rep. Demings repeated. "As a former law enforcement officer, that line usually comes out of the mouths of gangsters or mobsters or gang members" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump: Sen. Kamala Harris says House impeachment managers are doing a good job emphasizing the point that President Trump was using a political operative, his… 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas. Who’s the real human scum? The whole Trump crew. ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@SenateDems⁩ ⁦@HouseDemocrats⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@RepJerryNadler⁩ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
@IvankaTrump This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Oh THAT'S right, it's EVERYONE else, NOT Trump. What? Is EVERYONE lying &amp; just Trump telling the Truth? I don't think so. 
@clairecmc Only one week till SuperBowl victory for KC !! Thank U. U just said what many many of would pay to tell that sniveling twerp who is only there because of her name. McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor .@SenateGOP .@SenateDems .@HouseDems 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Wow, I am shocked,,, not San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
After fighting against Court making decisions re: whether Don McGahn's testimony can be obtained -- @Jay Sekulow now wants Courts to decide! This is the "try anything" defense, I guess! "Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Religion of peace 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza thank you @realDonaldTrump 
From - Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War six’/ Bolton's A Bust! Just Trying To Sell Books!! 
"Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in Louisiana" 
@gpswenson sorry I’m misunderstanding - does this mean that Rachel doesn’t have any Jan 17th - Jan 24th episodes? because both on the actual website and on the iPad app, they’re showing Jan 16th as her most recent episode. 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Sen. Hirono on the possibility of Hunter Biden or John Bolton testifying at the impeachment trial: "This is a trial, and a trial is supposed to have relevant witnesses." 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Have been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption ... Look into @SpeakerPelosi and @RepMaxineWaters they for sure are CORRUPT ! @MrCleanSF San Francisco Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru was arrested Monday alongside Nick Bovis ..... 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
"Democrats appear to be just breezing past Donald Trump now." -@JoeNBC on a new 2020 poll showing a hypothetical matchup between Democrats and Pres. Trump 
Chuck Rosenberg: ‘You don’t trade’ witnesses 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie #Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
#Trump unveils #MiddleEast peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting #WestBank and #Gaza. #Palestine #twoststatesolution 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
The first day of the Senate impeachment trial of President Trump came to a close after 13 hours of debate. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
@senategop "Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Hope you folks where DemoPublican rats are from remember this. : McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment .... @GoogleNews 
Dirty, dirty, dirty! Socialism: where the rich get richer, the poor get poorer, &amp; the middle class doesn't even exist! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
.@realDonaldTrump continues to strengthen America’s relationship with Israel and work for peace in the Middle East. Meanwhile, Democrats maintain their pursuit to impeach him. Priorities could not be more black and white – politics vs. keeping promises. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
There are still a lot of good people out there. Texas police ID man seen on surveillance rescuing baby from El Paso Walmart shooting 
@JordanSekulow @JaySekulow You keep referring to the Constitution. Apparently, your client believes it is poppycock. And he also believes he is above the law. WSY? 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump’s Middle East peace plan is an 'opportunity of a lifetime' for Israelis and Palestinians 
Always scrambling... 
Pompeo can't handle the truth 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat #AAG #AAG2020 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Missing son of 2 Missouri judges found dead in California nearly a month after vanishing 
MaddowBlog: Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Not a joke @Emmett_Hanger 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McConnell moves to lockdown press for Trump trial 
Looks like the coward killed himself. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
As an elected politician you have a higher dury to the truth, regardless of what might be your personal prejudices. An apology to Israel is in order Rashida 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
sanders plummets racistly to first place among non-white voters 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial mcconnell is in a hurry to not have witness moscow mitch ,he has become the boss of the mafia he should be impeach too. 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
🔥WOW! What an awesome on-fire crowd in Wildwood, New Jersey Tuesday night!🔥With the crowd shouting USA🇺🇸USA🇺🇸&amp; FOUR MORE YEARS, .⁦@POTUS⁩ shared all his achievements! Building the Wall, 2 dead terrorists, USMCA 2 be signed! &amp;We will WIN IN 2020 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | ⁦@SenKamalaHarris⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ which 1 of you is responsible for hiring this guy? 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
All Republicans should watch this! 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize #ImpeachTlaib 
Love you, Gerri Willis!! Your fight is ours, too. #Warrior 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script It doesn’t matter! This is a matter of opinion, not fact. Even if ⁦@POTUS⁩ did this, his fate should be up to the American voter! #ImpeachmentTrial 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
So the #ImpeachedPresident of The US, @realDonaldTrump had secret conversations with foreign spies asking them to "take out" the American Ambassador to Ukraine? That's even worse! 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
They could not hide that in their hearts, they know Trump's commanded defense is BS, paper thin. They know he is guilty and they can't even deal with the substantive issues, his extortion of Zalinsky and his massive cover up...GAO PRONOUNCED IT... 
@SenateGOP .. how stupid! STUPID! I'm leaving @GOP if you fail to understand the excellent points made by @AlanDersh. Nothing worse than RINOs McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia 2 publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Ahhh the religion of peace... Big women's rights advocates right? My bad not so much. If true why aren't those leftist women's groups protesting? Not interested? 
.@RepLeeZeldin, member of President @realdonaldtrump's impeachment team, weighs in and reacts to the latest on the fight over witnesses on @FoxandFriends 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza () 
@JackPosobiec Hey @donlemon, I'm laughing at you, and sexual assault is not a joke. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize vicious woman 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
“Trump and everyone in his employ have refused to cooperate with the process in any way. Literally zero documents have been shared with investigators. Subpoenas have gone ignored. Key witnesses have been instructed not to answer any questions.“ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Politics GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
@SenSherrodBrown Well when ya provide fake news 24/7 it's time to close your doors. Can't get your lies out anymore Sherrod? Maybe they should join the Red team and they would stay open. Like New Jersey is doing! 
@DYStateofMind @RepCohen @RepHankJohnson @RepTedDeutch @RepJeffries @davidcicilline @tedlieu @RepRaskin @RepJayapal @RepGregStanton @RepDean @RepDMP @neal_katyal @RepEscobar @RepAdamSchiff @jahimes @RepTerriSewell @RepSpeier @RepMikeQuigley @ericswalwell @JoaquinCastrotx @HurdOnTheHill @RepDennyHeck @PeterWelch @RepValDemings @CongressmanRaja @michaelbd @RepAndreCarson @RepKClark @RepPeterDeFazio @LisaBRochester @RepLoriTrahan @PramilaJayapal @RepMGS @vgescobar @AlexWitt @BarryBerke @NormEisen @NFUDC @AymanM @DLeonhardt @marcorubio @PublicSeminar @rosieperezbklyn @SenatorCollins @SenCoryGardner @TheRickWilson @Morning_Joe @JoyceWhiteVance Among the best commentators on this #ImpeachmentTrial is @AriMelber -- his summary, if you haven't watched these hours of trial, watch this summary to catch up 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
@realDonaldTrump USE CNN SMEAR DON LEMON ON YOUR COMMERCIALS TO GET OUT THE VOTE - 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' Thank you. We are sickened by Romney; seeks Trump’s senate run blessings then sabotages him every chance he gets; zero integrity! 
Romney makes some news- keep pressure on! 👇🏼👇🏼 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Interesting: 
Man rescues freezing kittens stuck to ice by pouring coffee on them 
@SenSchumer take a good listen! 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Can't wait to see if renown baby-killer @Alyssa_Milano or fake #MeToo sponsor @rosemcgowan will boycott Indonesia...can't wait to see them publicly denounce these human-rights crimes against women - 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument - 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Dumbshit Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
PUBLIC FLOGGING... Indonesia just went 100 years backwards.....Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@Jimmyk01327963 @Robrog2 @will2133 @Jordan_Sather_ It's NOT a coincidence that ALL 5 deadliest cities are under a Democratic Mayor. Evidence the Party's policies are in direct conflict of life, liberty, health, happiness and prosperity. Their gun control is an AGENDA! Whose the dumba$$? 👆 
Schiff: "You cannot use executive privilege to hide wrongdoing or criminality or impeachable misconduct, &amp; that is exactly the purpose for which they seek to use it." #ImpeachmentTrial 
@HouseGOP This is our corruption fighting president. He was going to clean the swamp remember. 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
'C'mon... Everyone understands the president wasn't acting in good faith': Hayes lähteestä 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
WHO...are the back-stabbing, ground licking hold outs??? We DEMAND to know!!! ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@RashidaTlaib Doesn't say bring those that want to kill you into our country, or did I miss that rashi? BTW you're still not allowed in Israel, same reason for our travel ban, Israel doesn't want those that wish them harm in their country 
State senator on Virginia House advancing gun control bills after protest 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion #SmartNews 
Tabloids are calling Meghan and Harry's step down from the royal family a "Megxit" - putting the media onslaught aside - Meghan Markle still remains a voice for female empowerment. #WomenAccelerators #PressforProgress 
White House hopes to derail Congress' threat assessment briefing 
So much for Christian religious practices... reminds me of the 'old biddy' phase. Our son was treated horribly in 2 Christian schools for believing a Genesis day could have been a billion years. He was laughed at &amp; emotionally abused. Sanctimonious much? 
How pathetic. GOP can't ever stand together. Weak kneed and spineless. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Gonna play like that #MrTurtle ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 🤯🤬🤯🤬🤯🤬 Alright. Let’s get this shit show going. Call the #Whistleblower, #HunterBiden and #AdamSchiff 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
Can we give peace a chance? I bet @realDonaldTrump still doesn't get a Nobel.. #Peace 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. **Good luck, but it won’t work. Every president tries a Mideast peace deal. It’s a check-the-box requirement, especially in an election year. #Mideast 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Mother Earth's revenge: CORONA #coronavirus #coronavirusindia 
Just how far will this spying go? 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Susan Collins owes Mainers an explanation for why she continues to put political expediency over her obligation as a fair and impartial juror. #MESen #MEPolitics 
Social Security is NOT an entitlement. Americans work their lives until 66 and soon to be 67 years of age, paying into the system for a return on their investment. But...... 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Blumenthal: ‘Proof is overwhelming’ that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 
Why do @LindseyGrahamSC and Senator Langford think Bolton's unpublished manuscript is better than his testimony under oath? How dumb do they think people are? @realDonaldTrump 
Yesterday, Justice Roberts ruled the Senate MUST be allowed to see anything Trump classified. This comports w/the '74 SCotUS decision to turn over the Nixon tapes. McCaskill notes if a senator decides classification was unwarranted, they could release it. 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
"Blown Away: Wild video of first-hand tornado experiences" FOX NEWS 
#Ukraine #Frozen #Bolton #BoltonMustTestify #WitnessesAndDocuments #ImpeachmentTrial #Vote Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Question for all of you smart liberals. What other thing do these cities have in common? Hint: It isn't Republicans... America's top 5 deadliest cities 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
NBC News Poll: Dumbshit Trump losing support among women voters 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters #AAG #AAG2020 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags 
"How do you cover a completely different approach to this?," @Lawrence posits of challenges facing Democrats' during their final day of arguments against President Trump. "The president's defense approach tomorrow is not going to be about facts." 
@musicislife67 @rightwinger4evr @Wonderbitch82 Lmfao 
The White House’s plans for a speedy impeachment trial were thrown out the window today #MoscowMitch is telling Republicans he doesn’t have enough votes to block the calling of impeachment witnesses. I’m truly heartbroken, you? 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial | “Not to put too fine a point on this, but it appears the fix is in.” 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
Trump says he hasn't seen John Bolton manuscript 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
@TBeto777 Yes, that is a very long blue line.... It's for Trump. 
WINNING AGAIN. Corrupt leftist nailed in San Fran, who was in charge of cleaning up the homeless crisis. #FBI 
... the drop [in crime] is directly related to the percentage of the population with [concealed carry] permits. - #2a 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich'. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Sen. Collins: "The reports about John Bolton's book strengthen the case for witnesses and have prompted a number of conversations among my colleagues." 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn't want a fair trial - 
News flash jackass the rest of the country with normal thinking Americans have contempt for Congress as well. Nothing to see here. 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
"Bob Shane, last surviving original member of Kingston Trio, dead at 85" FOX NEWS 
Flash top headlines for Jan. 28 | 
Here’s a great example of CNN news for y’all 😂 what a joke 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
@realDonaldTrump I’ll leave this video here for you. 
I guess Toomey's 1 for 1 witness swap is a tacit acknowledgment of the fact this trial is effectively in a hostage situation. Justice and Democracy have been taken hostage by McConnell and the band of merry GOP senators. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight: 
Hosting a Super Bowl party? Here are 6 tips for cleaning up when it's over 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
"We have laid out a devastating case against the president as it relates to his corrupt abuse of power," says Rep. Jeffries, a House impeachment manager and Democrat. "The facts are uncontested, The evidence is overwhelming. The president has no defense." 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
I think he hung out with John McCain &amp; used him for the gravitas. He hates @realDonaldTrump more than ANY Democrat. Trump got something on him from Putin. @amjoyshow @harrisonjaime Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
GRRRRRRRRR!!!!!McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking | 
Flood of new impeachment evidence shaping views ahead of trial 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops 
The democratic party is even seeing that this impeachment scam needs to come to an end. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Kobe%252520Bryant%252527s%25252013-year-old%252520daughter%252520Gianna%252520also%252520killed%252520in%252520helicopter%252520crash 
This needs to be stopped now.! How fricking gullible are those members of the Senate that want to prolong this circus? Fed up! McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@ThisWeekABC Dems want Bolton now but when GOP says Biden’s names watch how fast dems backdown! Dems are willing to watch Senate impeachment trial 'go down in flames' to protect Hunter Biden 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
Democrats lay out case for removing President Trump 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@realDonaldTrump All Republicans should hear this. 
@MarshaBlackburn Here ya go trollop! 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan WHAT??? ⁦@ewarren⁩ RACISM &amp; CLIMATE CHANGE⁉️ #coronavirus 😟egads 
Pregnant mom brings Nerf gun to hospital to keep husband awake: 'Mom hack level 10,000' 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods | ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"Tuesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.21.20" 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"It now appears there's something to this assessment. The question, though, is what he and his GOP colleagues are prepared to do as "new evidence" directly relevant to the trial, "comes out every day." 
@ChrisCuomo Most intriguing is, how come it took them 1 yr to remove Amb. Yevanovich after this? Recalling her would have taken 1 day. “Take her out”?... Now we know she has been illegally surveilled and followed. Full dinner NBC, scroll around min. 50 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Is the Grim Reaper caving? "McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial" 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
@parscale CNN FOLLIES: "Who's Laughing Now?" 
Truth 
Former Democrat lawmaker welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' | 
@RudyGiuliani when does your investigation begin ...since you’re the point man chasing corruption. 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
.@NicolleDWallace says Rep. Schiff used his opening arguments today to "try to reverse this tide of really rigid partisanship" that she says has been present in Pres. Trump's impeachment trial. 
Prayers for @GerriWillisFBN Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman 
Shame on him 
@MSNBC Ben Shapiro: Dems are willing to watch Senate impeachment trial 'go down in flames' to protect Hunter Biden 
I was impressed w what I have seen Lawrence O’Donnell says the House impeachment managers are doing a “flawless job so far in the hand they’ve been dealt, in the way they have to present this. And they have challenges that really don’t exist in any... 
Anyone who shows even the smallest degree of opposition to the 🍊 "Dear Leader" is being branded an enemy, 🇺🇸 Government has all the characteristics of an autocratic regime "By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Ball State students hold walkout after professor calls cops on student who refused to change seats 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" @realDonaldTrump Golly gee for a guy you “don’t know” you sure spent a lot of time with him! What does “take her out” mean by the way? 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@SenSchumer I hope the President’s children sue your sorry ass for everything you have! #realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 
Trump lawyers: Impeachment is 'attack' on Americans right to choose their president 
'Roughest' KFC installs fence between counter and customers for employee safety - It's come to this because "adults" continue to use violence when they don't get a sauce or wrong item?! #ServiceWorkerAbuse 
#YesWeDo. ‼️‼️‼️ Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
@realDonaldTrump Maybe you should hear this. Full version. 
175,000 ticket request for a 10K arena.Hey anti American dems you are going to get crushed in Nov.. Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Who within the Trump government has likely seen John Bolton's new book... and who hasn't? We asked new author @PhilipRucker about that. Learn more: #11thHour 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Bold &amp; decisive leadership from @realDonaldTrump &amp; @IsraeliPM Netanyahu is something we've come to expect. No other President in history has supported Israel so strongly. Hopefully the Palestinians will come to the table and make this vision a reality. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low What a surprise People are sick of Left elitists patting themselves on the back spreading hate You are only important to you. We are sick of your leftist elitist opinions! 
@laurenthegreat4 @RadioFreeTom It's on 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Fire him!!! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill says GOP senators don't want impeachment witnesses such as John Bolton "because the witnesses are going to swear under oath, in the US Senate, in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, that what happened really happened." 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
@SenToomey @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @LamarAlexander @CoryGardner @MittRomney Grow A Spine! Leadership is doing what’s right for our country and have the courage to say it out loud! 
@SenThomTillis FYI, Trump admitted on national television to having all of the materials and Congress has none. That is obstruction. 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
🔴🔴The MAGA Movement is going strong! This New Jersey rally will be another blowout for our great .⁦@POTUS⁩ who is working continually for our great country!🇺🇸Tax cuts, trade deals, strong economy, strong military, 7+M jobs! 🇺🇸FLIP NJ TO RED🇺🇸 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Robert Ray: It's time to trust in the senators, abide by their wisdom Trump defense team member Robert Ray on what happens next in the Senate impeachment trial. 
Msm is the enemy to America #TRUMP2020 🇺🇸 Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Remember the impeached one saying there were no injuries? What number are we up to with verified lies from him? 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Fotis Dulos late for court date today, found in vehicle, in garage. Taken to hospital for suspected suicide attempt by carbon monoxide per @FarmingtonCTPD 
Virginia House advances gun control measures. What's going on in Virginia is disgraceful and very dangerous. Very little mainstream news on this massive matter. #2ndAmendment #guncontrol #usconstitution #nextstepsurvival 
Schumer: Bolton testimony 'goes right to the heart of the charges against the president' @nbcnews 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt. 
@cnnbrk Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Little Don “ lemonade” Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Best recruiter for Donald J Trump reelection in 2020!!!! 
@BrandonStraka @donlemon Any thoughts on this? 
@JayRouseDC I'm not a "Bernie Bro" but....Because Fox news? Isn't that kinda common knowledge? 
@ACTBrigitte Certainly some Americans will be outraged, but far from a majority. 
San Francisco official in charge of clean up is arrested for corruption!!!💪💪💪 Come join us with Scott Presler this Saturday Feb 1 to clean up SF 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" @realDonaldTrump 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@JimInhofe @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @ArthelNeville President Trump ordering the firing of U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch. NBC News national political reporter Josh Lederman reveals what else is heard on the audio recording. 
@StirringSoup1 @TrumpJew @tedlieu Okay, Soupbrain. Let's take Trump Tower Moscow for example: He said he had "no deals, no business with Russia" while he was campaigning, all while his gaudy tower was in the works. AND, his son's have BOTH bragged about their ties to Russian businessmen. 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Our President has worked endlessly to bring about world peace. I believe we will get it. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@DavidCornDC @RepJerryNadler @LindseyGrahamSC Then they should play this one: 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Republicans are DESPERATE to prevent the #WitnessesAndDoucuments #IMPOTUS ILLEGALLY blocked and is charged with #ObstructionOfCongress for. Why? 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Great story. I love that Paul Newman and Steve McQueen collectibles are still worth so much money! 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? Yall know what to do here!!! 
Challenger explosion among the deadliest space disasters 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
If Lev Parnas can record (IN THE OPEN) 1.5 hours of @realdonaldtrump* rambling on about crimes he is and wants to commit, imagine how many conversations were surreptitiously record. #TrumpIsANationalSecurityThreat #TrumpIsGuiltyAF 
Spanish winery submerges bottles underwater in twist to the aging process 
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of a video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@Templar_Nation I can get better news from @TheOnion . 
@CNN the elistist station thinks 1/2 the country are dummies &amp; the other 1/2 are mindless followers of the freebie promises. #FakeNews or #DangerousNews? Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Even Joy "I'm a race card player" Reid is bringing in guests to surmise what has happened to "Limpsey" Graham! 
@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Husband of a woman who died in the Kobe Bryant helicopter crash says there are "no words" to describe the tragedy. "It's horrible," said Matt Mauser, holding back tears while talking about his wife Christina Mauser's death. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Yes 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #DEMOCRATS SUPPORT THIS 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Yes Baby! WildwoodsNJ 
CDC: 110 suspected coronavirus cases in US under investigation, number 'will only increase' #SmartNews ⁦@CDCgov⁩ ⁦@HHSGov⁩ #Wuhancoronavirus ⁦@WHO⁩ 
49ers' Dee Ford focused on Super Bowl LIV, puts 2018 AFC Championship behind him 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Sanders has plans; I have results, says Deval Patrick 
More Serious Than He Thought 
It's like a sighting of Big Foot. 
Malcolm Nance: This is ‘the dawn of the DNC hacking 2.0’ 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Before you comment, watch, listen, think! Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
"The plan also includes a map of a contiguous Palestinian state in the West Bank, with a proposed tunnel to connect the West Bank and Gaza strip." 
Well, well, well. Mr. Clean must not be so clean!💩 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. 
No apology!! Big Surprise! Just another example of how liberals love to stir the pot with false information and lies! The American people should have higher standards by not voting in trash like you!! #KAG2020 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Notice now.. Everything "Appears" to have happened People don't state, they "suggest'. It's not Lies, It's" disinformstion"! Lawsuit avoidance language but still a dodge! 👉 NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
(Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president). She has a point here. But often, people say better than they can perform. Confucius was a teacher, even to Jesus from my understanding. When that dude blah blah 
Rep. Nunes: I'm not afraid of new witnesses, the facts will remain the facts | Video 
Berners 🔥🔥 🔥 
The video from yesterday: 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan #CNN #MSNBC 
@chrislhayes He can ‘walk with Christ’ right into the witness chair. #FakeChristian #SecretaryofBS 
Lev Parnas' ankle monitor prohibits him from attending the impeachment trial. In the spirit of compromise, let him take off the monitor...if he agrees to wear Bozo clown makeup. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
How fast can they be disbarred? Before the impeachment trials is over??👏 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Mr Cortez, that ship sailed a long time ago. I will forever look at journalists with keen suspicion. Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Big tech continues to struggle to maintain the spread of misinformation. 
Why Lindsey may I guess I think it is to stay ahead of Pompeo as Trump's leader in the Trump's 💋 assers HOF! Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
@ChadPergram Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"The volume is going to much higher — there will be yelling, there will be passionate gesticulation on the floor ... but the substance will be next to zero," @Lawrence says of Pres. Trump's upcoming legal defense. "They simply do not have facts to argue." 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law The religion of peace 🤢 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Dershowitz: Dems picked 'dangerous' impeachment charges against Trump; pressure for Bolton testimony mounts 
This is not a scramble. It’s a LIE Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees THE Complete rot ham-clinton seeks vengeance against Bernard. This BULL lost. IT lost. It was not Bernard`s fault. 
New ad against Susan Collins.....Awesome..... 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
@the_galt @aSinister @HallbertCG @wlbeeton @DavidMichaelRi8 @craigthomler @freedom2debate @DawnTJ90 @heisenburgal2o3 @SensCommunPeu @SlowMoneyGreen @Anthony_James_X @TheDisproof @PeterMayfitz @kevindunbar666 @jhaugan @Joe_Public2018 @ImpeachTraitors @brandondaly2018 @wiaceka @MLeiter42 @BubbasRanch @Quantummist @OBundWIE @try2golf @GillesnFio @joshland @Vicster1234 @priscian @Over400ppm @REKel48978522 @PeterJrgen12 @Tokyo_Tom @_InThisTogether @RegimeChangeBC @ShopSmartResist @PullNews @MATTP1949 @Jaisans @david_hanselman @DieterFrikadell @AGWISABIGLIE @neil_ndbress @NIMN2019 @boggywood @GeorgePembroke @bendynaa @rmack2x @oldaggie84 @Barbarajdurkin You should trying thinking a little deeper than populist, knee jerk nonsense... 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
From Discover on Google 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted Reaction and analysis from House Minority Whip Steve Scalise and Rep. Lee Zeldin. 
❤@POTUS campaign manager Brad Parscale said that the campaign had received 158,632 requests for tickets, including 92,841 distinct signups &amp; had identified a total of 73,482 voters 10.4% of whom didn't vote in 2016 &amp; 26.3% were self-described Democrats. 
Oscars 2020: Where to watch and what to know about the Academy Awards 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
. . . Confusion? ... Are you surprised ... . . . Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
New document release exposes Trump connections to Parnas, Fruman 
Here's what we know about how the question-and-answer phase in the Trump impeachment trial will work. 
Coach K remembers Kobe, berates fans as Duke beats Pitt 
#SocialistDem @RashidaTlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
All you need to know about the mini me, wanna be, little dick- tator of the Russian Federation #IMPOTUS #ScammanderInChief 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@SamPetersNevada @4lefclover Not me. Real Americans want the whole truth. 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters Who cares what he thinks. I’m not offended. He’s a mental midget with probably midget parts starting from his head and working downward. 
@CNBC yeah...sure 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 🧐 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Take not of these Rep Traitors in the next election may there names be a Stain on History there family shall bear for eternity !!!! McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@GOP @VP @WhiteHouse PLEASE What Trump did was wrong. This is NOT about your party- this is about what is best for the country. Do the right thing. 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
A new ad from the conservative group Lincoln Project criticizes Sen. McSally for supporting President Trump and calling a reporter a "liberal hack." 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says Buttigieg believes ONLY non-white ppl feel aggression from only white people and white people are never victims of microaggression. What a racist ass 
FULL AUDIO: Here is the 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas (the Guy Trump doesn't know) of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims .@SenateGOP .@SenateDems .@JoeBiden 
Are you some kind of fucking idiot!!! Another stupid one-sided plan that'll never work. Nice propaganda try. 
Tennessee governor signs anti-gay adoption bill 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador #Bolton, withdraw your book 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier &gt;&gt;&gt; Taking #FakeNews to whole new level 
@bopinion Nope actually there are good responsible reasons for rolling out a peace plan and doing it now. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Lara Trump blames impeachment push on president's economic success | 
@JoeNBC: Will those Scranton, Youngstown voters go for @BernieSanders? @HardballChris: No, but they will go for @JoeBiden. 
HHS, CDC officials update US response to coronavirus outbreak, detail precautions Americans should take | 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Hahaha he no longer knows Rudy! Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Prince Andrew has ‘provided zero cooperation’ in Jeffrey Epstein probe, authorities say 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@4545Don @kelz_dc @jennyrachelpal @IvankaTrump Doesn't negate that Trump had to pay $2 mil for misuse of his foundation. Even FoxNews has it: 
.@ewarren tells @Lawrence that impeachment is so connected to the 2020 election because, at a base level, impeachment is about corruption and not serving the national interest. 
CNN needs to VANISH !! Tucker: CNN attacks Bernie Sanders for being 'sexist; 
The @NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack #NFL #SuperBowl #SuperBowlLIV 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Trump can't be trusted, he will revoke SSI, Medicare, Disability benefits, which we pay for. This would be disastrous for us. Trump is trash! Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #Topbuzz 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
And its the usual RINOS, Romney Murkowski &amp; Collins holding this up McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Chris Matthews: If I were a Republican, I’d ask, ‘What happened to my god damn party?’ 
John Kelly believes John Bolton’s account 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
The HEROIC patriots who related their testimonies have each lost their positions thanks to vengeful criminal cartel... What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rep. Nadler tells @AriMelber that House impeachment managers may call for fmr. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly to testify in the Senate impeachment trial. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
This is still relevant today. A reminder of #kansas Jerry Moran's weak knee appearance before the Russians. #MoscowEight "Republican lawmakers face Russian mockery following Moscow trip" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Trump is Doomed 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
tRumpers he’s going after your social security!!!! WTF! /Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
.@IlhanMN Faith!! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments Summoning witnesses is a waste of time. Bidens would plead the 5th. Get it done. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Polls show sizable public support for Trump's impeachment 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Because @MarshaBlackburn, like so many other @realDonaldTrump sycophants, want recognition &amp; public praise by #Trump. They crave Cult Leader's attention. Getting the coveted "atta girl! / atta boy!" tweet is what they live for. Disgusting... 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Yeah shut up #Bolton! Who wants to hear your inconvenient #truth when we're trying to win a #propaganda war! Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Trump’s curious trial boast: ‘We have all the material’ #TrumpIsGuilty Via ⁦@⁩ 
(@) House Minority Leader Schumer comments on unfolding information tied to Trump-Ukraine scandal: "It's a little like Watergate. Things keep dripping out...the truth comes and the Republicans and the president lose ground." 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
Coronavirus can be spread during incubation period, Chinese official claims 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight / Americans LOVE their Country &amp; LOVE President Trump! ❤️🇺🇸 KAG ❤️🇺🇸 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
@Neeley34 @BernieSanders @janeosanders Oh I'm sure you would. More than happy to provide, however nothing surprises me with what excuse you will make up for them. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees In my opinion Perez is a pedo 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga -True ....True 
@funder @HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Mark Levin’s opening video here is excellent: 
Iran, imagery suggest preparation for satellite launch despite US criticism, past failures - @GoogleNews 
Majority of Americans see the truth. "National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" #utpol 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument 
Good news! 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
McCaskill calls it 
Miniature horse rides #SanFrancisco BART train Reminds me of when I used to travel on buses in the Andes that were full of chickens, pigs, dogs, etc. We’re making real progress in #America. #serviceanimals ⁦@RushLimbaughEIB⁩ ⁦radio⁩ 
@ @Morning_Joe President Trump LIES about new details from Bolton’s upcoming book saying aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats including the Bidens. I fixed it for you @ 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
@RyanAFournier @realDonaldTrump CNN's Don Lemon accused of assault in sexually charged encounter at New York bar 
Chris Wallace says he's struck by how Republicans have turned on John Bolton | 
@itdbitd "But among all voters, support for such a plan plunges to just 41 percent... two-thirds of all voters do like is allowing a Medicare buy-in for those under 65 years old." 
Leave it to the ah-mazing @lizpeek to expand our verbal repertoire: "Scuppers" are drainage holes on a ship's deck; "to scupper" means to sink, albeit deliberately. While I doubt @AdamSchiff's intent, methinks Peek is right: @TheDemocrats #Fail. 
Correct. Together Warren! 👍🌹✊🇺🇸👊 Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Washington Post reinstates reporter, concludes Kobe Bryant tweets didn't violate social media policy 
Trump lawyer (Jay Sekulow) calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@SenateGOP @Senatemjrldr @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sen. Blumenthal: ‘Proof is overwhelming’ that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 👍🇺🇸👏 Thank you Senator Blumenthal! 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
Sometimes you are "forced to work with what [you] have!" Just like "cooking on Chopped,... you have to make the best meal you can out of the carrots, and you don't know if you'll get a protein later." 🎶👨‍🍳 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump supporters are not illiterate rubes, they are all Murder Loving Scumbags. : CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes'. @GoogleNews 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Hey @realDonaldTrump NBC News has obtained audio of YOU ordering firing of U.S. ambassador, but you said you didn’t know Lev...what up? 🤷‍♀️ 
Pam Bondi: Biden 'bragged' about firing of Ukraine prosecutor investigating Burisma, Hunter Biden case not 'debunked' 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Judge Jeanine Pirro: 'The only people acting like dictators are Pelosi and company'. 
@BWilliams Love you and the 11th Hour, but someone got the name of Mary Louise Kelly, the fine NPR reporter, mixed up with the wonderful actress Mary Louise Parker, today on your website. Thanks for the great reporting! 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #SmartNews 
Barstow, Calif., shaken by magnitude-4.6 earthquake: preliminary measure 
Chris Matthews: Not one Republican defended Trump’s character during the impeachment debate 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
The global economic impacts are mounting. The internal political impacts grow more serious every day as the Communist regime draws the ire of the people affected. British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@ACTBrigitte @realDonaldTrump You stand with the AntiChrist? Good luck with that! Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
Restore justice; no misconduct-MURDER-FRAUD-CRIME.Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@realDonaldTrump Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
Chiefs' LeSean McCoy has no plans to retire after Super Bowl LIV, likes mentor role 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
From Discover on Google This guy is deranged... Clinical Diagnosis: Trump syndrome... 
@Acyn This is the article. 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Schiff brings the receipts from the McGhan trial re Bolton. 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
WATCH: Republican Senators call for witnesses including "Mr. Bolton" who might have information that "would be helpful" 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk @joenbc @maddowblog @cnn @FBI @TeamPelosi @CNN @Cbsnews @HowardFineman @FoxNews 
Judge Jeanine slams Hillary Clinton over 'How could we have known?' comments about Harvey Weinstein 
If you're in Utah like me, call Senator Romney and Senator Lee. Let them know that you support a request for first hand witnesses and relevant documents in the impeachment trial of DJT. Mitt Romney (801) 524- 4380 ​​​​​​​ Mike Lee (202) 224-5444 
#5 Baton Rouge #4 New Orleans #3 Not Louisiana #2 Not Louisiana #1 Not Louisiana 
Anti-semantic Islamicterrorits associate Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
😂😂😂😂 Sooo.. Iranians really did do something about Soleimani's murder 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman 
Absolute scum Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Trump defense team takes on Hunter Biden directly, as Dershowitz offers constitutional defense 
Norfolk News United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues - 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid The swamp trying to fight back, but it’s over lol 
Counterpoint to this gutless reaction to a grave threat to our democracy.... The people were influenced by foreign interference in 2016 which has led us here. In this critical moment you have the power to stop this dangerous precedent in its tracks. 1/ 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Biden for Bolton? Will Dems and GOP each get a Trump impeachment witness? NO!!!!!!! PLEASE DON'T ACCEPT. 
#Muslim terrorist apologist #RashidaTlaib should be censured by #House. It is time #Nutty #NancyPelosi stopped kowtowing to anti-American #MobSquad. Her silence is tacit endorsement for worst kind of hatred. 
Trump touts upcoming peace plan following meeting with Netanyahu despite Palestinian objections 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Bolton is ‘a woman scorned’ and selling his book. Self interest on parade. Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
When the finger comes out, you know you did something wrong 
Former Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
"I think it's fair to say it's the most seismic event in the Middle East in the 21st century," journalist Michael Weiss says about Qassem Soleimani's death. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
⁦@donlemon⁩ This “illiterate” Trump supporter will be voting for POTUS again. See you at the polls😘 -“The Asian MBA” CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | 
@realDonaldTrump For some reason the direct link isn’t working when copied and pasted. You can find the full audio at 
Only 5000 available tickets over 100,000 apply for tickets Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
NEW: "President Obama called me last night and said, 'Tim, remember, this is no time to be a purist. You've got to keep a fascist out of the White House,'" Sen. Kaine says in a video clip featured in a new documentary about Hillary Clinton. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material - @nuzzel 
@RNunyabeez @prophet920 @Scouty00 @jmartNYT @costareports @BernieSanders @nytimes @SienaResearch okay 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
quid pro quo Joe and his family are just part of the rich old white liberal demoRAT communist corrupt party enriching themselves and their families at US taxpayers expense, which includes demoRAT wannabe RINO romney. 
.@ComfortablySmug's hack bracket has made national news. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law.. THIS IS THE KIND OF CRAP #ISLAM WANTS IN #AMERICA !! DON'T TELL ME IT ISN'T!!😵😖 
Donald Trump claimed he didn't know Lev Parnas and wasn't involved in the firing of U.S. Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch. New reports of an undisclosed recording suggest those claims weren't true. R. Maddow 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
John Sununu wants Mitt Romney to get it together and stop letting his hatred for Trump betray the American People 
If you are a Southerner, this is what the media elite thinks of you and our president. 
@goth_daddy Actually.. society refuses to see what is in plain sight because of Gynocentrism. Military Industrial Complex is run by women. 
Ah yes, cultural enrichment.... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump 'extreme' and 'dangerous' 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify @carlitos1777 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base An airplane bound for Ontario International Airport in California and carrying over 100 U.S. citizens evacuated from China has been diverted to March Air For… 
John Kelly believes John Bolton’s account 
Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying 
McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial 
Op-ed author: The left is moving forward on nullifying the Electoral College | Dems hate the EC because it gives all Americans a vote / voice in elections. Dems dont want that nor do they like that. This is about complete power for Dems - nothing more 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Lev Parnas's attorney requested that Attorney General William Barr recuse himself from the case against Parnas. discusses how it all ties into Trump's impeachment trial. #OneVoice1 #recuse 
Robert Ray: It's time to trust in the senators, abide by their wisdom 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. ***I presume it’s Mitt, Collins, Murkowski, maybe Alexander? RINOs. Swamp creatures. Enabling the socialists. Killing the Republican Party. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
If the fawning MSM treated Bernie like they treat Pres Trump, this would be all over CNN! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Wednesday's Mini-Report, 1.22.20 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table #Trump #Republicans #Democrats #Entitlements #SocialSecurity #Medicare #BabyBoomers #Congress #Senate 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Pathetic Losers: ⁦@MittRomney⁩ @SenatorSusanCollins ⁦@SenAlexander⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ ASSHATS THAT CAN NEVER STAY UNITED🖕BYE2020 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, if true total BS ⁦@GOP⁩ 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" If you think about it @SenJoniErnst isn't really the sharpest tool in the shed! 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
And now for some REAL NEWS the #FakeNewsMedia fails to REPORT on....(instead of the #ImpeachmentHoax) #KAG2020 🇺🇸 Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
Why drastic steps towards the #coronavirus? Not being insensitive. Seriously want to understand. The flu kills 30,000 - 60,000 ever year in the US, &amp; 300,000 - 600,000 die yearly worldwide. SARS killed just under 800 people. #health #flu 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Little Don “ lemonade” Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Best recruiter for Donald J Trump reelection in 2020!!!! 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 👏👏 Patriots 🇺🇸🇺🇸⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 👏👏2020 💯🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ our VOTES MATTER 💯 ⁦@DNC⁩ B💩 Impeachment!!! You can’t win 😁 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
More than headaches.... 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees HILLARY+DNC TAKE CONTROL OF DEMOCRAT CONVENTION FIX IS IN FUTURE CRIMES BEING PLANNED. 
@mssilverstein @nberlat Actually Bernie handled the BLM interruption thing far better than Clinton did: 
like Doomsday is approaching fast for this cult member of the Doomsday cult member. 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
New reports suggest that Mitch McConnell doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses from testifying in the Senate impeachment trial. @ewarren joins @Lawrence to discuss. 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
@crapc0rno @mattyhops111 @shoe0nhead You don't have to worry about over 3,000 innocent people being dead? 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
A new ad from the conservative group Lincoln Project criticizes Sen. McSally for supporting President Trump and calling a reporter a "liberal hack." 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan that would cut benefits. #TheResistance @MarcoRubio #MorningJoe 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sounds like @SecPompeo is a cow chip off the huge turd that is @realDonaldTrump. "NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Judge Andrew Napolitano: Trump's Senate impeachment trial -- What does it take to remove a president? | 
@mikehltm1 @BShulkes @CowboyDB @two_plus_twins @SenatorWicker @realDonaldTrump From your friendly station: Why block it it was a "perfect call"? Just answer this simple question. Please convince me and I'll leave you alone. 
The @DNC mows the grassroots. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
5 takeaways from Saturday's abbreted opening arguments in the Senate impeachment trial. 
Rosenberg: The cure for 'hearsay evidence' is to allow testimony and documents - will GOP do that? 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Listening to the Impeachment trial in Long Beach, WA, house across from me has it on TV. We're paying attention, and slightly annoyed at those who think we are not. Live Audio 
#McConnell says GOP LACKS VOTES to BLOCK IMPEACHMENT WITNESSES #Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #Republicans on Tuesday floating competing proposals on how to deal with new explosive revelations #LetBoltonTestify #MOG #MAGA 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran 
@MsMischief3 @EntheosShines @AdamTrahan @fkandkk @WajahatAli Yeah - no. The GOP is in serious trouble comrade. Poll - Biden whips Trump 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Best of luck Gerri with prayers!👇💖 Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@realDonaldTrump FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Check Parnas’ Wiki Page. Billionaire R donor Harry Sargeant lll bankrolled Parnas for Trumps re-election &amp; Ukraine pressure campaign. The millions involved were called ‘loans’. #ByeByeBillBarr 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
@SpeakerPelosi go figure 
Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Says GOP Lacks Votes To Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Hey @GOP ers going against ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ pls get ur resumes together, incl &gt; ⁦@senatemajldr⁩: GOP lacks votes 2 block impeachment witnesses, cuz of Bolton. ⁦@POTUS⁩ OPEN the can of whoop ass! 
"Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan" #tcot #KAG 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Liars 
Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you | 
@realDonaldTrump Ask that to some midwestern farmers... 
once again dumbass Donald Trump shoots his mouth off about cutting Social Security if he gets another term in office and immediately the White House starts to backtrack on his statement. 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown - - 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
@realDonaldTrump on impeachment: Democrats want to take 2020 decision away from voters 'because Adam Schiff said so' 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @POTUS @paulkrugman is a Nobel Prize winning Economist. You’re an impeached President, serial bankruptor of businesses, and expert on toilets, sinks, showers and washing machines. 
Bernie Sanders on upswing in early states in new Iowa, New Hampshire polls 
look there is tapes after all of Shitler's mischief Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
The time Mar-a-Lago got $17M for nonexistent hurricane damage 
Sessions on Bolton book: We don't have enough discipline, respect in our government 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#WhiteHouse #budget plans have proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to #SocialSecurity. Those proposals were ignored by lawmakers, but there's an obvious discrepancy between trying to slash a program and leaving it alone. 
President Trump rails about the impeachment trial in morning tweetstorm, with multiple misleading assertions or falsehoods. 
Don Lemon is a "liar and hypocrite"? The hell you say? 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
We were all warned about the lying disingenuous Orange son of a bitch, yet the #MAGAts didn't listen. 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' Totally agree!! ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ALL a scheme by Dems, that in end will blow up n faces, BUT, thanks a lot #JohnBolton! #DisloyaltyIsNotVirtue 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
China is hiding the real extent of the Wuhan virus epidemic. They don't want the world to know how badly they fucked up by not reporting the outbreak, again. #Wuhanvirus #coronavirus China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Ha!!!! Take that CNN, MSDNC!! 
Voter suppression is definitely resurging. Here in Texas, you not only need a photo ID, but to get the most common photo ID (a driver's license), you need your original birth certificate. For those of us who have older relatives that weren't born... 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees When are Sanders supporters going to figure it out that DNC is corrupt? 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
From Discover on Google ENOUGH is ENOUGH Schumer! The DEMOCRATS in DC had their way in the HOUSE, now its REPUBLICAN! Back Off! 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
🚨They Rec’d 158,632 Requests For Tickets, including 92,841 Distinct Signups + Identified a Total of 73,482 Voters, 10.4% of Whom Did Not Vote in 2016, and 26.3% of Whom Were Self Described Democrats! 🚨 
Aggressive Trump defense at impeachment trial expected to begin Saturday | #news #politics 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table Senior Citizens, be prepared to tighten your belts. Trump is going after your Social Security and your Medicare Benefits. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color 4 ‘microaggressions,' report says ⁦@PeteButtigieg⁩ not taking chances. He’s heard of those #microaggressions in ‘MINORITIES’. I’ll be! The Mayors scared of colored ppl. Ya know, brown, black, red ... 
So -- is no one wondering what POTUS was doing discussing state department personnel (and national security related issues) with two thugs at a donor event? Is no one worried that EVERYONE seems to be able to make recording of him? 
...HE JUST COULDN'T NOT DO IT...🎃🎱💩🤖😂Philadelphia man surrenders after Allen Iverson's backpack stolen with $500G in jewelry inside 
@CPabloPA @14karatdjs @OldSchool2A #Qanon #1735 Jul 27 2018 13:13:18 (EST) There is nothing more precious than our children. Evil has no boundaries. The choice to know will ultimately be yours. These people are SICK! ... ... Q 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Total First Class POS! Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. @GoogleNews 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme THEY SHOT THEIR MOUTHS OFF . THEN WHEN TRUMP GETS CAUGHT USING AID FOR POLITICAL GAIN , THEY ARE SILENT 
Rachel Maddow 1/21/20 
John Sununu says Mitt Romney is being influenced by his personal dislike for President Trump 
Let’s hope we see the right things done for democracy’s sake... 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Ken Starr...literally dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave... meticulously tied the corpse’s neck bone to the back the🚜...ran that🚜 throughout the graveyard of stupidity &amp; ran over every headstone... I haven’t even gotten to Pam Bondi! @JoeNBC 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
#FoxNews and #MAGA cultists share the same. “Indifferent to irony, #KenStarr laments the 'age of #impeachment'" 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
: African warlord living jailed for lying to US immigration officials asks judge to overturn 30-year sentence. 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse says Alan Dershowitz's impeachment argument was embarrassing 
CNN panel under fire for trashing Trump supporters The Hill's media reporter Joe Concha reacts to CNN panel trashing Trump supporters as ‘illiterate and uneducated.’ #FoxandFriends 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
⁦@HouseDemocrats⁩ lay out case for removing so-called President Trump ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ #AmazingJob 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" IT'S LIKE IN THE TV SHOW SEINFELD . GEORGE SAID , "IT'S NOT A LIE IF YOU BELIEVE IT " THAT IS THE MOTTO OF TRUMP'S FOLLOWERS. TO SAY WHAT THE REPUBLICANS SAID , FOR THEM , IT'S NOT A LIE . 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
@GOP @SenateGOP Stand up or step down. 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Would you believe all 5 are controlled by Dems? I doubt you’re shocked. America's top 5 deadliest cities 
In 2015, Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@ladyspat1 @BSHerrle @PogueMoran @jwickers @notGHGs @TWTThisIsNow @automaticsteam @robhon_ @Gerard_Veltman @cowcreekgeek @DCottrell1956 @Dcoronata @BubbasRanch @RedDragonFly19 @Voight_Kampff_3 @CheezeWhiz_girl @FriendsOScience @BernardoVerda @priscian @AOECOIN @caerbannog666 @NeilSul70388398 @jimdtweet @MonkeyMyBack @WxCat62 @MartinBrampton @Over400ppm @StormSignalSA @kjell_yvik @AtomsksSanakan @KCTaz @EwonSprokler @rln_nelson @DawnTJ90 @No1Trump @spock246 @MarkOkanagan @ElectricElecti1 @ItsTheAtmospher @LindsayyuleS @stevenmosher @TheClimateHawk @tracemetalclean @ratedliberal @KirkWolak @RushhourP @MassiMassian @UreyZen @bomac_macbo @Andrewemcameron Too bad the actual experts say otherwise. 
GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness' 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Interesting 🧐 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@IlhanMN It was Obama first... 
Happy to see the #BlueShirts use discretion for this violation. Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
HAVE A BOO AT THIS ONE: DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Jihadi Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: @donlemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Breaking... British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. This is why the Anti-Christ Globalists want @realdonaldtrump out. THIS is what ALL of it is about! Are you ready? End of days. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews. HERE HE COMES, FOLKS. COMING AFTER OUR SOCIAL SECURITY! YES...WE SHOULD BE MAD! VOTE W, NO MATTER WHO!!!!! 
Loi-yah?:”Lawyer lawsuits'? The managers are complaining about 'lawyer lawsuits'? The Constitution allows lawyer lawsuits.” No one had any idea what he was talking about, -one of the House managers referenced "FOIA lawsuits" -- Freedom of Information Act 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
'Real people are getting hurt': House Dem on need for Ukraine aid 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Don Lemon should concentrate on the sexual assault lawsuit against him. 
"GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness'" 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' Thank you ⁦@TomCottonAR⁩ !! 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
From Discover on Google 
County to County: Voters in Beaver County, Pa. talk to Stephanie Ruhle about impeachment @nbcnews 
She is NOT afraid to be a Trump supporter in Hollywood. There need to be more open supporters out there! #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver #Trump2020LandslideVictory Joy Villa wears pro-Trump gown to Grammys: 'Impeached and re-elected' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
A Must #mustread .@EVKontorovich Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just. #VisionForPeace 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
FANTASTIC NEWS BRING THEM ON! 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
And they want to impiech this guy....because they (the #dems) cannot win against his mass appeal and policies and achievements, in only 3 years....impressive @realDonaldTrump Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Angus King on #CrookedTrump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought So #WitnessesAndDocuments We don’t let criminals run rampant when they have been caught 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Here we go again with another #TrumpTapes hashtag. Folks, President Trump didn't ask Parnas to kill Yovanovitch. Parnas himself testified Trump turned to someone ELSE in the room and said: "I want her fired". Go forth and crush this silly hashtag. -VJ 
this has to be one of the worst articles I have ever read lmao 
Lara Logan: mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan. "It's consistent with the strategy by Democratic political operatives ... (to) pressure media outlets to resist what they call the 'normalization' of Donald Trump." 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Trump finds semi-official impeachment role for far-right GOP reps 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Sh*t!! 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Just so everybody is clear...Christianity is under a full fledged assault Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Anyone that is worried about the 80 deaths from the coronavirus and willfully ignores the 8200 deaths from the flu this season by not getting vaccinated, is an idiot. #scaretactics #xenophobia 
#9e24df7f79275affaa9959e0d36187a8 #foxnewspersonkobebryant Las Vegas welcome sign to light up in purple and gold to honor Kobe Bryant, crash victims 
James Carville: Trumpism greatest threat ‘since fall of communism’ 
Holocaust survivor, 94, forms unlikely friendship with NYC middle schooler over German language 
Read the last paragraph of story &amp; tell me why this guy had any job, pls. 👇 ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
What is wrong with these people?!#BanShariaLaw 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Heartening 🧡 Please keep calling your senators for witnesses and documents to be included in the impeachment process 202-224-3121 ... And gotta go find the... 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Thank you Senator @jontester. Can you talk any sense into @SteveDaines ? Sen. Jon Tester: Hunter Biden doesn’t have first hand info on what Trump’s done 
Pompeo thinks he can pull a Trump defense but no one is having it. Now we know he’s a terrible human being. Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Bill, when is someone going to reveal the BIGGEST reason why Demacrates hate President Trump is because Trump has shattered the Demacrates status quo,,, Bill this means that the Demacrates can no longer run amuck 
Lawrence on 'high crimes and misdemeanors' 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump So true!!! Call the #Witnesses #DonaldTrump ordered not to testify. Demand the #Documents #trump doesn't want #Americans to see. Listen to @LindseyGrahamSC #WitnessesAndDoucuments #ImpeachmentTrial 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base #California 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Italian driver evades flaming cars in botched highway robbery attempt 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@seanhannity⁩ ⁦@IngrahamAngle⁩ Here we have John Kelly Piling on with hearsay that he hasn’t even heard from his hearsay source John Bolton. He just says if Bolton said it it’s true 
Schumer: Bolton allegations go 'right to the heart of the charges against the president' 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
"Dragging the corpse of irony through the graveyard of stupidity and hitting every headstone along the way." Go @joescarborogh 
Thanks @SenatorRomney - - Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 💪💪💪 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@AnnaMar15091009 @BirchTreeHill @TheBeatWithAri @Lawrence Yep. Here's how that chip gets implanted. 
Lt. Col. Vindman on America: 'This is America... here, right matters' 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate. GOP will Lie to defend this Traitor, we have numerous witnesses all saying the same thing,now BOLTON confirms. How long will GOP enable a LIAR,Traitor to the USA?v History will remember the GOP 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer America take a good look at New York, LA, San Francisco. This is what happens when you put Liberals in power! 
Bolton claims add pressure to growing calls for witness testimony at Senate impeachment trial | 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Let's make our voices heard. Support the #2a #KAGA Please vote and retweet this link. Thx! 
.@costareports joins @AriMelber to discuss report that GOP Sen. Toomey is "floating" a witness swap involving John Bolton and Hunter Biden. Costa adds that Democrats have "balked" at such a proposal. 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich!! 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
home sick from Infowars so please watch for the duration also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #DigitalHealth #DesignThinking #GreenNewDeal #GiletsJaunes #GuildBulletin #Eris #Ethics #Hockey #ImWithHer @BlazedRTs #HealthyRecipes 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
@Charles30573478 @BigStinMania @wstaib01 @AndrewYang @EmersonPolling He's a Democratic socialist. That's not the same as being a socialist. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga" FOX NEWS 
NEW: US State Dept. on Monday removed an NPR reporter from Sec. Pompeo's upcoming trip following a dayslong spat with a different NPR reporter who said Pompeo berated and cursed at her after an interview. 
@cjohansen_MT I got you 
This Day in History: Jan. 28 
Ppl look at their paychecks - Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the 1st place- 
@realDonaldTrump @HeatherChilders @FoxNews BS THEY DIDNT! 
journeying through the lake please read #FishingForRobots #Economist #Freebies #Eventi #Anonymous #AmWriting #Eventi #BigData @SympathyRTs #MachineLearning #Hockey #AI #TrenRoca #100DaysOfCode @ShoutRTs #PHP #Freebies @FMC_RTs @SSS_Retweets 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
Susan Collins statement on John Bolton's book: “The reports about John Bolton’s book strengthen the case for witnesses and have prompted a number of conversations among my colleagues.” 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@GavinNewsom Less this..typical Democrat corruption... 
California cops respond to 2 homeless men shot with arrows: report 
Gregg Jarrett: Comey and Strzok -- Two key players in the scheme to clear Clinton and frame Trump 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
WATCH: 2020 candidate Andrew Yang explains why the mythical Republican-turned-Democratic voter isn't mythical to his campaign. See what else he and @KatyTurNBC talked about in this extensive interview. 
If witnesses are called..I want to see ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ called for sure. Liar!! He’s done so much damage. GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@steph93065 Not true, Volker and Morrison were Republican's witnesses. It didn't go as they planned though. 
Melber: 'Constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Good to hear that there are Democrats who are now wavering on impeaching the President based on the subjective articles of impeachment. Some have a soul after all. 
Moscow Mitch rules for the Senate's trial for impeachment is Ludacris! It is a total cover up with no Witnesses or evidence to be presented! Interesting article from The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitious' on evidence 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Dumbass. Way to take a great gift and throw it in the garbage. 
From Discover on Google 
'Didn't do it for the hype': Kenin stops Coco in Australia 
"Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win" FOX NEWS #trends #Technology #foxnews #followme #Developer 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@JackPosobiec @realDonaldTrump Fortunate Ken Starr explained why they are Constitutional 
@glennkirschner2 @caldev3 This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan #news #feedly 
: Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Judge Jeanine Pirro: 'The only people acting like dictators are Pelosi and company' So Get Over Yourself @SenatorRomney. It is Past #TimeToAcquit Trump in the #ImpeachmentFiasco 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@Scavino45 @realDonaldTrump This is a dark moment in our country's history. The American people deserve and want witnesses. Anything less will be a #GOPCoverUp. What side of history does the #GOP want to be on? 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 
@baginski_lisa @melinda_mosheim @DrJasonJohnson Weeks huh... well he must have had a time machine then judging by the date of this article ... 
He’s the idiot in chief. Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries | 
🔥Liberals just keep lying and lying🔥. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
America does. What a spendthrift moron. 
CAST YOUR VOTE! 
It’s a trick question: Republicans don’t have a mind of their own. 
Feinstein stirs confusion WOW, &amp; your view WOULD B CORRECT! ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩‼️ “9 months left 2 go, the ppl should judge," Feinstein said, according 2 the paper. “We are a republic, we are based on the will of the ppl -- the people should judge.” 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says RIP 😥 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
@Peanut_Farmer39 @palertengine @NateSilver538 Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
This woman is an absolute disgrace and should be kicked out of Congress. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"But to consider it, the Senate needs 51 votes to call him." #FascistGOP #SpinelessRepublicans #VoteBlue #HandMarkedPaperBallots White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. This BS must end! Thanks RINOS, led by Romney, for Betraying the 60million Americans who Voted for Trump! I hope the Karma comes back to you! 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? I WILL REMEMBER THE GOP WITHOUT HEART AND DIDN'T CARE WHAT TRUMP DID THEY HAD NO (EXCUSE MY FRENCH) BALLS 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference Joe never Gavt Check Obama,considering all the lies he told. WHAT A MORON JOE. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Of course. 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' 
* West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Can't believe I used to defend this guy. Bolton should have never penned a book before the President is out of office. It's a backstabbing move &amp; I guess typical of Bolton. Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
⁦@maddow⁩ you’re being played. Research the info on the Argentinian Surplus. This is false info. Propaganda video. 
Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020 | ⁦⁦@SenJoniErnst⁩ ⁦@ChuckGrassley⁩ What say you? 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
If he is given an unchecked second term, he will burn it all to the ground. Everything. 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Yes Harvey! I can see how "No longer Prince" Harry can be an albino! @TMZ @HarveyLevinTMZ Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Why is it that San Crapcisco supervisor Sandra Lee Fewer is surprised by @MrCleanSF arrest but no one else is? 
Whew!! At first glance I thought this was in the U.S. or is it? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trying to become a vegetarian? Would you try the "Meat Patch"? ~Philly, Joe &amp; Kirby 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering... 
@MikeBloomberg Please drop out, for the good of the country Bernie is gaining on Biden, who's lost some support to YOU. If you stay in the race, Bernie may win -- and we will lose to Trump. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Biden for Bolton? Will Dems and GOP each get a Trump impeachment witness? Republicans are blowing smoke. They get Bidens, they get nothing. Dems get Bolton, Trump is smoked. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
@mdubowitz There is a reason, more than one, this plan makes sense now 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Yes. Go for it 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied . 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation | 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump Getting it done!! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @ChrisMurphyCT Lindsey projects his own unfairness on everyone else 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' Americans have a temporary ban going to China, my question is why are they not banned from coming here??? 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' #SmartNews 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
In 2015, Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Marianne Williamson lends her support to Andrew Yang in Iowa. 
MARSHA BLACKBURN IS SCUM Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' 
There is no logic to this," he said. "She is just promising something free [and] hoping that she gets votes. It will never happen." 
Biblical prophecies in real time... #Prophetic #EndTimes 
Trump welcomes Netanyahu to White House, announces new Middle East plan will be released Tuesday 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Wednesday’s Campaign Round-Up, 1.22.20 
Polls show that Americans want to hear from witnesses. Why won't the GOP call them? Why doesn't the GOP present evidence? Do they have any witnesses to call and evidence to present? Looks like they don't have a case. 
Sen. Klobuchar on Mike Bloomberg: “I think that instead of just putting your money out there, he’s actually got to be on the stage and be able to go back and forth so that voters can evaluate him in that way.” 
LMAO! Musta learned from @SpeakerPelosi &amp; @Ilhan 
Very interesting article, packed with information. Read it. 
Fox hosts share what keeps them going through grueling campaign season: 'It doesn't matter if your candidate wins or loses' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@KellyBacon There are more recent clips than that. Not entire episodes available (I only watch on the website also) but I know the Warren interview was on the 22nd and I think some stuff with Parnas' lawyer happened more recently than the 16th. 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Meghan Markle 'never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,' source claims - 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
LOL I can think of 20 reasons why this happened and half the reasons are pretty obscene Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Let’s decriminalize our politics by voting to #KAG #Trump2020 #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" - 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
No matter what the defense says at this point, witness testimony should be a given. The House Managers laid out a masterpiece of a case. #AmericansWantWitnesses #Americawantswitnesses 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@RepGosar You should check out this guy’s act: ⚠️ graphic language: President Trump mocks Peter Strzok and Lisa Page | 
What could the Bolton bombshells mean for Trump's impeachment trial? #11thHour 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight:MM constantly tells us in Polls Country hates Trump impossible to believe when he draws crowds in the 10’s and 100’s of thousands fake polls 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump’s team presents defense amid new Bolton revelations 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Why Bolton%2527s book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" @realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr More lies, coverups, deflections, and lack of defence. An embarrassment for the WH. If Trump is so innocent, why not prove it with witnesses and evidence? 
'Everybody felt like they knew Kobe Bryant' 
Schiff has been MAGNIFICENT! Shout out to Nadler, Jeffries, Lofgren, Crow, Garcia, and Demings... ALL ARE FABULOUS!! 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says #news 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Um... Podesta and Frank? Boy, not a good look for the DNC! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@lisamurkowski “Your fear of Trump has now become a suicide pill.” -@TheRickWilson Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
From - San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested SAN FRANCISCO OFFICIAL ARRESTED! IMAGINE THAT 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of #POTUS 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Because this isn't suspicious or anything 💀 China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
: Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse. 
Chernobyl anyone? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ | . Our worthless Congress every last one of them needs to be voted out! Republicans and Democrats alike! They’re not representing us! 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Joe, Hunter Biden seen golfing with Ukraine gas company exec back in 2014, photo shows 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Harmeet Dhillon: Trump’s Senate impeachment trial team is showing Schiff how it’s done, with facts and class #SmartNews 
@GM Can you just put this engine into a Suburban? I need a drier, more accessible cargo space. Also, come up with a gas version since gas is cheaper than diesel fuel. Thanks. 
Doug Collins: 'Selective' leak from Bolton's book 'doesn't change anything' in impeachment trial 
Tom Homan hits back at AOC for bashing ICE at Sanders rally: Her statements are 'dangerous' and 'idiotic' | 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
"This was about a political operative doing the work of the president as his personal lawyer and the work being for the political, personal benefit of the president as opposed to in the interest of national security," Sen. Harris says of Rudy Giuliani. 
His defense team is making a mockery of our Constitution. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
New reports suggest that Mitch McConnell doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses from testifying in the Senate impeachment trial. @ewarren joins @Lawrence to discuss. 
@JoeBiden Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Explore the apps that are right for you at 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump paid more than $2M to charities to end Trump Foundation lawsuit, officials say | 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Example of Democrats in power = #corruption #DemExit NEVER vote for a #Democrat👇 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much | 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
@SenCoryGardner listen to the people. 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base - 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Thursday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.23.20 
he also broke down in years when he got hit in the face with a chair and again when there wasn't anything in Al Capone's Safe LMFAO 😂 Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution #SmartNews 
DEAR EVANGELICAL JESUS, PRAY TRUMPASS CHOKES ON HIS NEXT LIE. WE ask it in your name. HELL MELANIA AMEN &lt;3 DEMOCRATS 2020 &amp; FOREVER &lt;3 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Here is the recording of tRump saying "Get rid of her" 
Figures...🙄 China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ So does most of the nation and the others should also. They have been such a disgrace with all the lies &amp; corruption for years. 
MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump’s curious trial boast: "We have all the material." 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
.@HardballChris’ new podcast “So You Wanna Be President? with Chris Matthews” will have six episodes covering six timeless themes that separate the winners from the losers. You can check out the first two episodes here: 
🚨 URGENT: FLOOD THE PHONES OF THE RINO SENATORS!!! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Sen. Mazie Hirono: 'Let's have real witnesses, relevant witnesses' 
So do we. Lemon deserves everything thrown at him. If he can dish it out then he needs to take it. Classless guy with a sexual assault charge... 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' - Joy is a die hard democrat &amp; will say everything Schiff &amp; Co say. She shouldn’t be allowed to talk politics on the show because she’s one sided. 
Awesome. 
Show this @CNN....uh huh, you won't will you. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Good Night USA🇺🇸Patriots KickazzFollowers,Thank You All That RanAway New Jersey🙏When You Hear Democrats Anger Leaving Party In Droves🔥 Rally Was Fired Up!Here's A Poll Corrupt Democrats, Fake Lying Media Spoke With Hundreds Today Love TRUMP2020💯 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Don Lemón is such an ASSWIPE to America! Like a stain in our underwear that just REFUSES to be removed, he's the biggest ongoing joke in the media today. He calls White men terrorists, but HAPPILY climbs in bed with one every night...🤦‍♂️ #FakeNewsCNN🚫🖕 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' 
@ThePubliusUSA @josephabondy Interview on @Maddow. Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@SenatorCollins SMOKING GUN! 
@SenatorRisch @Risch4Idaho @MikeCrapo Fulfill you oath of office. History has its eyes on you. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
@SenateGop @realDonaldTrump #IBelieveJohnBolton Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Barbara Boxer: Trump's legal team seems unprepared 
GOP saying Ukraine interfered in 2016 election ≠ denial of Russia's; "Ukraine did it" ≠ Russian disinformation alone. Maddow somehow dismisses Black Ledger; officials admit working w/US Embassy; 2 jailed; &amp; Politico's article all as "Conspiracy Theory" 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script DANCE! ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ because this is your last day in the sun ! U knew exactly what U were doing! ⁦@FredFleitz⁩ 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang- excellent opportunity to hear his views! 
@realDonaldTrump In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book. Because nothing says corruption fighter like trying to make foreign bribes legal.... 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight EMBRACE THE SUCK. #WalkAwayFromDemocrats 
@WeAreNotNumbers @wandainparis #DealOfTheCentury Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
I see these crowds who have no chance of getting in... And I'm still jealous of them. Just look at all those great American patriots. What great company to be in. Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
.@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford @SenatorCollins @MittRomney @lisamurkowski @SenToomey are not Republican if they don’t stand up for @realDonaldTrump. #VoteThemOut 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Politics Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January #MAGA 🇺🇸🇺🇸👊🏼👊🏼 
#HouseImpeachment #managers look ahead rebutting #WhiteHouse #case #News #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #Senate 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
@realDonaldTrump I don't know them. You would have to ask Rudy. There might be a picture but I take a lot of pictures with people. I never met him though. Now a recording of you and him talking about ambassador #Yovanovitch #TakeHerOutAintTheSameAsFired 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
@MarshaBlackburn @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP Putting Trump over America will not play well to the numerical majority of Americans. Even Americans who live in Red States!! 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? It’s an improvement. LOL. 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Team Trump: Presidents can't be impeached for abuses of power 
Finally someone w/ Backbone. Maybe he knows how to listen to GOD .As far as other side let them call witnesses trump is still guilty, just show whats irrelevant ,no matter any others crimes this impeachment is about Trumps crimes 2articles will never tell 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. ⁦@detroitnews⁩ ⁦@freep⁩ ⁦@LSJNews⁩ ⁦@MLive⁩ ⁦@milwaukeenews⁩ ⁦@Kenosha_News⁩ ⁦@madisonnewsllc⁩ ⁦@DesMoinesNews⁩ ⁦@KCStar⁩ ⁦@OWHnews⁩ 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
.@MaddowBlog: Finding himself in a hole, Sec. Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
.@AriMelber: "Ken Starr was out there shadowboxing with himself... and constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face and then walk off the floor." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight This is also a referendum on liberal @GovMurphy &amp; his lack of leadership. He’s tone deaf on what’s important to his law abiding, tax paying, citizens. 
Portion of Maddow interview where Lev Parnas's attorney talks about Ukraine energy deals as a motivation to get rid of our Ambassador starting 2018. (an energy sector set up to benefit Putin &amp; harm Ukraine). Damaging Biden was the cherry on the top. 
@realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi TRUMP WANTS TO CUT EVERYONE'S SOCIAL SECURITY!!! FIRST SAID HE WOULDN'T NOW HE IS!! What a lying piece of shit! 
I actually love it when they insult us. Never has there been a time where #WeThePeople have had so much power over these hacks. We live rent free in their heads. Can't wait to watch them gnash their teeth when we wipe the floor with them in November. 
Parnas suggests VP Pence was 'in the loop' on Ukraine scandal 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight VRA 
@GOP @SenateRepublicans @MarshaBlackburn It appears the smearing of a True War Hero and Patriot is a GOP Strategy these last 30 hours. It’s hard to keep up with the @GOP Memos. No one wants their head on a Spike, I guess. 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so Hey turd eater, you will have no say in the matter except for one vote! Your hiding something #LeningradLindsay , we will find out you traitor! GTH you SOB! 
Spain's Catalan separatists appear in regional parliament for first time since 2017 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' @LindseyGrahamSC W hat does this Biden thing have to do with election tampering? Focus Lindsay! 🤓 
The guy in this Trump-Parnas video leak begging Trump to force down imports of steal so his company won't be out-competed makes my hair hurt. Protectionism is corporate welfare and the CEO panhandlers are ubiquitous. 
@senatorcollins How about some evidence? 
@michaelfertik Also this: 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
🥳🍾Congratulations @HeatherChilders &amp; @FoxFriendsFirst Miss Heather's "Fox And Friends First" was up 33% in TOTAL VIEWERS &amp; 15% in the "ad demo" this January vs January 2019! Time for to give Miss Heather a HUGE RAISE!!! #WakeUpWithHeather! 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 😡coward he can kill his wife but couldn’t take prison !!! COWARD 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
I am home sick from Infowars please yell at tonight also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #Eventi #Pittsburgh #DesignSprint #PHP #NonExecs #Hunting @FlyRts #ServiceDesign #TrenRoca #HealthyRecipes #GuildBulletin #AI #Hockey #AmWriting 
This is what @RashidaTlaib and @IlhanMN support. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Evil is alive and well. Very disturbing. 
WATCH: @JoeNBC fact checks Pres. Trump's claims at a news conference Wednesday during the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. 
@jbarro There’s nothing I despise more than a Bible thumping thug. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Good news... Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
Tank mush 
Al Sharpton: Parnas tape 'very bad' for Trump 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" COMMENT: This promise to protect entitlements (then backtrack on this promise) should be a two-ton millstone around the neck of the GOP. 
What is the new coronavirus? Here's what we know about it. 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' . Absolutely you do because Democrats like to be bribed and lobbied by foreign leaders 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
“These talent programs seek to lure Chinese overseas talent and foreign experts to bring their knowledge and experience to China and reward individuals for stealing proprietary information.” 
Share far and wide. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
African-American pastor’s incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters 
LeningradLindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so...how ironic. The guilty are running the courtroom trial and Riberts sets there playing with his willy. 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
Your boy is home sick from Infowars please read for the duration #FishingForRobots #GreenNewDeal #FreeCalifornia #Hockey #Eventi #PHP #Tunisia #Pittsburgh #TrenRoca #Hunting #ImWithHer #Python #Economist #AmWriting #Catgirl #Freebies 
.@Lawrence says the House impeachment managers are doing a “flawless job so far in the hand they’ve been dealt, in the way they have to present this. And they have challenges that really don’t exist in any other legal proceedings.” 
Jeremy Bash: Will Republicans allow a real Trump impeachment... 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Trump is a sleazebag and bullshit artist. #LiarInChief #TrumpNationalDisgrace 
Are you listening, GOP Senators? This includes you constituents. National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
President Trump on Friday became the first sitting president to attend the annual anti-abortion March for Life rally in Washington, DC. 
Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump You are in no position to talk about fairness after declaring in December you would not be and then swore under oath this week at #ImpeachmentTrials that you would! On impeachment, @LindseyGrahamSC tells us he won't 'pretend to be a fair juror' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
⁦@donlemon⁩ the Irony of this all is that a “gay black” man who fights for equal rights is the most prejudice racist person on screen &amp; real life. 
How dangerous could John Bolton possibly be for Trump? 
IF BOLTON KNEW OF A CRIME AND DID NOT REPORT IT TO PROPER AUTHORITY'S THEN THE LAW CONSIDERS HIM PART OF THE CRIME. HE CAN GO TO JAIL. 
Hey, Bernie bro's..Here we go again...same 2016 drama 
THINK SHARIA LAW IS OK? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law! 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
To Sanders' supporters: Killary played you and you fell for it! Elites favor elites, the dogma of socialism. Life lessons are tough. Hope you learn soon before it's too late! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Republicans are embarrassing boot-lickers. : @RepStefanik : Media reaction to #Soleimani death 'absolute embarrassment'. #TrumpIsCorrupt #Iran #WarCrimes @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
More than 2/3 of Republicans want witnesses, @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @senatemajldr. Are you really going to ignore your own voters in favor of a corrupt president? History will not treat you well. #AmericansWantWitnesses 
EVERYONE AGREES, IT'S WORTHLESS WATCHING!! Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
@JenniferHYChan @POTUS #CCP says no while #coronavirus already out of their control... 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' ;// I prefer 'Deplorable'. It just rolls off the tongue easier. 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Ladies, Gentlemen &amp; Idiots: Our POTUS...I prefer to call him a POS...He is a SAD excuse for a United States President 
⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ 🤔 Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law I used to have sympathy for Muslim women but now I can see that they are just as bloodthirsty and vile as the men! 
"Social media shocked by video of airplane passenger picking dead skin off bare foot": Some people get way too comfortable on airplanes., 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@TeamUpRGC Hope you're well King!!! 💖💖💖👑👑👑 
.@ realDonaldTrump's propensity to lie or twist the truth seems to be endless! "Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ ⁦@SenSusanCollins⁩ This sham impeachment must be stopped! No wittiness should be allowed in election year! GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
⁦Watch 1 of the most remarkable panels ⁦@amjoyshow⁩ has ever assembled as @RadioFreeTom⁩ ⁦@TheRickWilson⁩ &amp; @DavidJollyFL⁩ 3 never-trump Republicans (Jolly left &amp;is now an Indy) smack down good ol’ trump shill Steve Cortes✊🏼✊🏼✊🏼 
Here's some confusion for you. 
#CNNisTrash Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that @donlemon @TheRickWilson &amp; @WajahatAli seem to have a low opinion of folks with a @Southern_Accent 
Tip 20 out of 25 #nyctour #osint While working at @nbc @_esaliba told me about her #osint #verification work. Check: 
Antonio Brown appears in court, told he can remove ankle monitor and travel in US 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
@SteveScalise @mcm73169533 @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump says" i dont know Lev Parnas, never met him before" 
@ The working link 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
FLIP this Poll!😁: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | (no email required) 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
FROM 2017: Report: Russian mob money helped build Trump business empire 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders. 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
@Boomerbabe3 @kasie Here is how 
History's judgment moved sources for new book on Trump 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 01 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
NEED TO RESIGN AND BE JAILED !Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change @JoeBiden Biden is a disaster. How do people not see how feeble-minded he is? He’s mentally spent... 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." Watch: 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" @realDonaldTrump “If I were the president I wouldn’t be pleased”. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@BernieSanders and his supporters should get ready for another good screwing by the Democrat Party😆😆😆 Lmfao😂😂😂 Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
@LamarAlexander @MarshaBlackburn @TNGOP VOTERS DEMAND WITNESSES!! #VOTEOUTBLACKBURN SCUM Tennessee voters weigh in on Trump impeachment 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Lemon is the south end of a north bound horse 
Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.21.20 CORONA VIRUS IN WASHINGTON STATE 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
The end is coming. I didn’t even know about this 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable 
Mike Kerrigan: Florida's falling iguanas- Iguana know the truth 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Keep ‘em coming. Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
@realDonaldTrump Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
One of my all time favorite shows!!! 'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
"What worries me is that we tend to think that we're going to be around in 2029 having this kind of conversation. And I think it'll be a very different country in 2029 if we don't begin to address, particularly as it relates to the rule of law,... 
US State Dept. on Monday removed an NPR reporter from Sec. Pompeo's upcoming trip following a dayslong spat with a different NPR reporter who said Pompeo berated and cursed at her after an interview. 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments This is more akin to closing arguments by the Trump legal team. If Democrats push for Bolton testimony than we want the Biden’s, it will ruin his political aspirations. 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
RIP to a true legend #24. Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #whossurprised 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Let you 2A Voice be heard!!!! 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Game on..Now Schiff can tell us where he's hiding the 18th witness' testimony, the "Whistleblower" can testify or go to jail and Biden is cooked McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
#Coffee Origins: How a A papal decision and an infamous tea party made coffee the drink of the Colonies. 
US Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
@BernieSanders Bernie is a fake. Read this s d then call him on it! 
@SandyKeep @Wesihcfan @justinamash @mattgaetz @POTUS @realDonaldTrump But when Trump says "We have all the material" I believe he's saying they have ALL the material - that which will show him innocent and others guilty. Material from Ukraine and the Obama White House, etc. ALL will be exposed 
A tunnel. Huh. I did not see that coming. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
'We have to do better': Florida paper rejects Trump reelection 
Trumpers, this is your Medicare, your Medicaid, your Social Security. Trump and the Republicans will cut it. The GOP has been trying for years. Please pay attention. 
Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours 
@SenateGOP Consider justice with your self-preservation—the proof and facts keep coming. Stand by America’s democracy not a criminal. #SeparateButEqual 
Syrian forces, with Russia's help, capture strategic town from rebels 
@JeremyM72014840 @AndreaSmithCLT @BofA_News ... to detract attention from this. 
Top GOP lawmaker clashes over Trump's guilt in Senate trial - - 
"Barr completely outfoxed Mueller," Philip Rucker says of a meeting detailed in his new book. "A lot of prosecutors believe that was a fatal error on the part of Bob Mueller...who just couldn't keep up in the 21st century of the Twitter universe." 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
What the heck is going on? Stop playing games with us. &gt;McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Rosenberg: The cure for 'hearsay evidence' is to allow testimony and documents - will GOP do that? 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight As a Trump supporter I hope people finally waking up to ages of corrupt Dem politicians in NJ like Menendez 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@HawleyMO Scandal surrounding Trump's self-dealing takes an unsettling turn 
“Public flogging is also used against men and women found guilty of gambling, extramarital sex, and homosexuality. The floggings can include more than 100 lashes; the victims sometimes faint from the pain.” 😎🙏 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 😡 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied lähteestä 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: @smaddoxsr says: corruption is what helped make Trump rich &amp; famous. He lives in an ocean of corruption. He fought to kill the FCPA in 2017. His Biden attacks are about his re-election. 
Schumer: Bolton testimony 'goes right to the heart of the charges against the president' 
Still Berning... Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Is Trump bragging about obstructing Congress? “Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
"You can trust he will do what's right for Donald Trump," Rep. Schiff argues. "This is why, if you find him guilty, you must find that he should be removed. Because right matters. Because right matters. And the truth matters. Otherwise we are lost." 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Sandy Hook denier arrested in Florida, accused of tormenting victim’s families, sharing ID info of parent 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @senatemajldr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FuckTheGOP #IMPOTUS Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion #SmartNews 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries | 
WATCH: Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell. #inners 
China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon 
@seanhannity To @SenateDems @RepSwalwell told America they didn't have the evidence. Watch the video. Nothing changed from that day to when Adam Schiff entered the Senate chamber. #Call4SeditionTrials cc @CoryGardner @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @MittRomney 
⁦@senrobportman⁩ ⁦@SenToomey⁩ ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ ⁦@SenAlexander⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ - no witnesses!! ⁦@AlanDersh⁩ gave you all you need to know. End it NOW! 
.@BarbMcQuade is bringing her legal expertise to the @ Daily this week. Subscribe here: 
@Copperr1 @Drive_pedia THIS MAKE SENSE? 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
Queen Elizabeth is hiring a traveling sous chef 
Tick tock fatboy 
Grow some backbone Senators! At some point in time we could expect to have a bad president. That time has come. You're not changing an election, you need to correct the... 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Buttigieg: 'This election process is about what happens after Donald Trump': South Bend, Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg talks to 's Katy Tur after his rally at the Veterans Memorial Building armory in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Buttigieg talks about whether… 
@realDonaldTrump Expectations prior to hearing evidence is malfeasance! Listen to what the people want! 
A profile in you-first, I'ma-wait-n-see courage. @LindseyGrahamSC #TrialsHaveWitnesses Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
I am so happy to see this. He’s a true patriot that cares for his country and it’s people. GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat #SmartNews 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Um what about flights FROM China? United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
the whole of America is watching I'm sure they will vote against Trump Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich IF SANDERS IS ELECTED PRESIDENT THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA WILL GO BROKE 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at NJ rally: He had enough of Dems' socialism 
OK WHO HAS THE DIRTY PICTURES OF OLD QUEENIE LINDSAY GRAHAM NAKED WITH A LITTLE BOY? WHO OWNS HIS VOTES? WHO OWNS THE QUEENIE? HIS HYPOCRISY IS UNCANY! @LindseyGrahamSC said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!"j 
Trump re-election adviser says GOP has relied on voter suppression in swing states 
Wrong! No trial in traffic court without "probable cause" that the person did crime or misdemeanor. Democrats offered no evidence that Trump did any crime, let alone bribery, treason or "other HIGH crime or misdemeanor" per US Constitution. @landp1776 
Still no apology from this #Jew hating #America hating #antisemitic member of #Congress She has failed in her tweets over and over, but she'll do better🙄 Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
New Documentary Details Roy Cohn’s Influence on Donald Trump 
BLOOMBERG ATTEMPTS CONFISCATION OF MUZZLE LOADER..., Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Despite the cold, the lines started forming at 2AM, because NJ ❤️loves ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #BestPresidentEver45 🇺🇸❤️ 
👍As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected lähteestä 
Acts of anti-Semitism on International Holocaust Remembrance Day? Our hearts are hurting for the Jewish people. Join us in praying for many to rise up against anti-Semitism. 
Wait, can we ALL get in on that?? West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
EXCELLENT article! Lawrence on 'high crimes and misdemeanors' 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Funny neither did any witness in the impeachment investigation. Sen. Jon Tester: Hunter Biden doesn’t have first hand info on what Trump’s done 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected Another Racist with the IQ of a door knob. 
Lying Hypocrite Ken Starr Made A Fool Of Himself Today! Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Moscow Mitch's rules for the impeachment trial if the height as much information from the public! Interesting video clip from The Rachel Maddow Show! A definite must-see!😳🤮🤬 
@HardballChris Mitch McConnell lays out rules, schedule for Trump’s impeachment 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
This is what to expect from DemoRats. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Williams: Can @GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? @ "the White House threatened to put the GOP heads on a pike ..." Does anyone Doubt Trump would intimidate Senators who don't support Him? 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
#MoscowMitch #MoscowMitchTraitor has broken his oath of office, he should be arrested and forcibly removed from the Senate McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
New Jerseyans on why they support Trump: 'Huge resurgence of patriotism' in our nation | 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump’s DOJ #SmartNews 
‘Love the gems of advice UP professes, hear them again from famous folks on TV! “Take that 1st step“ like our curated Flexreturn opportunities! 
@RepMikeJohnson Hey, Mike with a great concern for corruption, why is .@POTUS seeking to remove anti-bribery laws? 🤡 Wouldn't that enable more corruption? 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected: Sen. Kamala Harris says that Republican senators and President Trump's defense team are strategically bogging down the proceedings by throwing out "all these… 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
@realDonaldTrump ooooooh! Your boy Pence come’n to put you OUT of office! You get’n played by Pence HARD! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ 
@ReedAdamP @joeymcbrady @ZaQueenCrush @Politics_Polls Try again 
"...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election s in 8 months, let's just let the people decide.'" ~Sen. Angus King 😳GOP, you're elected to do the job! Jeez🇺🇸#DumpTrumpNOW 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Romney: 'I'd like to hear from John Bolton' @NBCNews Behold “the greatness of Mitt Romney”. H/T @BuckSexton it’s time for @senatemajldr to smack Mittens into line, take a knee and run out the clock on this farce. Do it Mitch!! 
@DavMicRot @IvankaTrump CNN settles Nick Sandmann defamation lawsuit in Covington Catholic High School controversy 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters #FeelTheBern #Bernie2020 #BernieSanders 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
Let's pray that Israel and Palestine can find peace and forge a new commitment that will last the test of time! ❤🙏 Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP. Political gain games. Hmmm are the GOP going toquit playing games with The Citizens of this country or are the citizens going to call them out. Bolton is a relevant witness he was there. 
@Scavino45 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Very funny - but the reality is that he is bankrupting our country. 
The game between Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers has been postponed as form of respect and grief for the legend’s death Kobe Bryant and his 13-year old daughter, Gianna. #KH2400 
@WindowsIsBad @Bhcrabill @Natsfan1112 @itsJeffTiedrich @realDonaldTrump Nope, she won by more than 3 million votes. Polls show the one on one vote results. Not what the EC pulls out if their pockets against they're states wishes. It invalidates their vote. Please read for yourself! 
Sen. Klobuchar responds to Sen. Kennedy saying senators didn't read transcripts of the House impeachment hearings: "I think people have been thoughtfully listening ... Not only are they listening, but what are they hearing and are they going to act on it?" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Go for a golden highway, laid with symbols of peace. 
@JRubinBlogger LINDSEY warming up. Durham lurking. Bern, Liz, Amy, sidelined. Oh. We’re gonna see who “wins”. 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
#Schiff: #TrumpDefense #forced to #FallBack on ‘#SoWhat?' #News #GOP #Corruption #PadOff #TrumpRussia #Russian #Putin #Puppets #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Impeachment #Trial 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
@PhydeauxL @RepAndyBiggsAZ Trump threatened the whistleblower - he/she currently in hiding - confidential informants do not appear in court to avoid being killed - The whistleblower did not lie - the ICIG said the report was credible and has been corroborated by facts 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
'Multiple victims' in downtown Seattle shooting, suspect at large 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds | 
CA has enough problems, we don't need this here. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@SenatorCollins, my relatives in Maine (the ones who vote) sent me this today. They don’t seem so happy with you these days. Hmm... your call. Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Former Democrat lawmaker welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' | 
5 takeaways from Saturday's abbreted opening arguments in the Senate impeachment trial. 
Does this surprise anyone as much as it does me? Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him Mr Mayor read his books. He says this on purpose so you get distracted and talk about him. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica "...A second warning predicted the waves could reach three and a half feet above the tide level for some coasts of Belize, Cuba, Honduras, Mexico, The Cayman Islands and Jamaica. ..." 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
So, using women to beat women is ok? Seriously how can ANY free woman condone this so called religious behavior? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump Here's what Lisa Page herself said about the insurance policy. Please listen. 
Not surprising.... terrible show. Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
#DonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump is trying to make the USA a #bananarepublic #Impeached #impeach #ImpeachmentDay #notmypresident 
Pregnant mom brings Nerf gun to hospital to keep husband awake: 'Mom hack level 10,000' 
Asked whether he would accept the subpoena of the Bidens in exchange for a John Bolton testimony, Sen. Tester responded, “I think this makes a mockery of the whole impeachment ... Get the folks with the first hand knowledge." 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
"You know what they're in a race for? They're in a race to get this in before the State of the Union," fmr. Sen. Claire McCaskill says of GOP efforts to expedite President Trump's impeachment trial. 
@LindseyGrahamSC this one's for you... 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Yup, lots of "strong action" here. 
Schumer claims Republicans are trying to distract from a vote on witnesses 
Dear @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP, Are you proud of what kind of people are representing you? No wonder you're losing your base. 
#TrumpFearsBiden #NoTradingRelevantWitnessForIrrelevantWitness Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Such a liar is Trump 
Their loss... China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@JoeNBC forgets to remind you when HE was a Republican he helped @POTUS Trump WIN the election: #MorningJoe #MAGA #TCOT #Qanon #Trump2020 #WWG1WGA #KAG #FoxAndFriends 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
I think that @amjoyshow could have saved some effort and played Republican lies and bullsh*t on a loop, since Kingsman repeated the same lies again and again and again.. Trump impeachment trial watchers call for witnesses in Senate now 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
@donlemon we do not accept your fake apology. You are a disgrace to America and your ratings show that. Hows that lawsuit coming along? Pay up sucker. 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
President Trump rails about the impeachment trial in morning tweetstorm, with multiple misleading assertions or falsehoods. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Amen. "Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House'" 
Rick is right #trump rallies are like something from #Nazi Germany Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
@realDonaldTrump Enjoy this one Donny Boi. Looks like things are gonna be tough the next week or so. Even FauxNews can’t cover this up 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@Saywahnow @LunaStryker1 @WajahatAli @TheRickWilson @donlemon @realDonaldTrump He does when he con monetize them. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 5 children. Wow. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack" FOX NEWS 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
America's top 5 deadliest cities #SmartNews 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer says Republicans are "eager" to change from discussion of witness testimony and documents during the Senate impeachment trial. "They're inventing shiny objects and so-called outrages." 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Trump is willing to put senior citizen's health at risk if he and the @GOP win in 2020. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law --- And remember the democrats want that here!! AOC and her group 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Why #Disgraceful Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | "... Vindman politically inconvenient." #TrumpImpeachmentTrial 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' 
Charles Payne: Bernie Sanders 'is a juggernaut right now' and Trump should not underestimate him 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says the App. All done butt gig 
@BernieSanders No friends on the DNC Convention Committee? Poor Bernies can't get a brake from the establishment. At least will tell the truth about it! 
Well.....no matter what happened or is happening.....one way to prove you're innocent is to testify in your own trial. Just answer a few questions. That's it ...very easy to do ...@realDonaldTrump #ImpeachmentHearings @RepAdamSchiff #TrumpIsGuilty 
Schumer: Republicans 'don't want to hear the true facts' during impeachment 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt What the FAWK? 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Step in the right direction. 
President Trump's Mideast peace plan calls for two-state solution 
"Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick'" FOX NEWS 
11 year old stepdaughter! Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj gets 25 years to life in prison for child rape | 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters #politics #news #analysis 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds Outstanding!!! 
Adam Schiff-Ukraine connection comes under scrutiny 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens'. Pretty much says it all. Brilliant 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
China declined CDC team!? 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Mike Pompous ~ Can’t answer questions truthfully. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron. (Good, she has the right to be an actual reporter) 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily | January 24, 2020 #news 
No shit, the administration and GOP are the cancer. The 4th estate is journalism. It dies and you no longer have a democracy. 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
California cops respond to 2 homeless men shot with arrows: report 
@Prageetnoone @Baligubadle1 @realDonaldTrump Why deny witnesses? Ah, I’ll take a stab in the dark guess ... A COVER-UP? 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought Regardless of your political affiliation, if you care about the USA, watch what this man has to say. 
"Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20" 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Angus King on #CriminalTrump #impeachment: This is more serious than I thought Do Republicans just NEVER watch or read real news? Are they actually unaware of what a blatant lying criminal #IMPOTUS is? Is this the “Fox bubble?” 
He should take a look at God’s map! Trump unveils map of proposed State of Palestine 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
‘Give America a fair shot’: On third day of opening statements, the case on obstruction 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested - 
@NPR: @SecPompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine @ 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
WOW 100,000 ticket requests - Don't tell me the American people does not want this president! Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' @circleboom 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Go | 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
Johnson: Day One of impeachment trial was like 'Wheel of Fortune,' Day Two is like 'Wild 'N Out' 
Something needs to shock these supporters because they have been trump dumped way too long. I got news for you, just get over it Dana‼ Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
House managers on impeachment: 'Not about Donald Trump... It's about our Constitution' @nbcnews The 3 Stooges in person. It hard to believe people actually voted for these idiots. Same old sad story, over and over!! 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
What I'm struck by most from the Lev Parnas audio is that while Trump maintains he doesn't know Parnas, he's apparently captured on tape ordering the dismissal of a U.S. ambassador based on Parnas' ask, even though neither can remember her name. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
😰😰😰 2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says | 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitious' on evidence 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
⁦@senatemajldr⁩ looked like he was in a cold sweat. I’m guessing the heat in the kitchen is on the rise. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
And remember Wallace is a Republican, but she has honor. 
@grampazachary @VoiceOfReasonNW @Dadsbreak @VILVNV @Lastplace_champ @tut5150 @DanFoc77 @rjocore98 @Nunyabus99999 @Gram247 @BobC7000 @Fueldog1 @MegaK47918675 @RobfromMO @FreedomFritesUS @cubancafecito @PhoenixTruths @markzimpelman11 @slim_mirokujin @zephyryne @jonlmann1986 @rjocore99 @SherryLeigh5 @PennyPo47428324 @VinceGottalotta @jase_1972 @glenn_wofford @Massanthrope @Gimpmaker @warNuKE_ @BeJamesMadison1 @wordjunkie84 @kg0206 @CHITOWNLK @omgbecky123456 @AppleDank @RegulatedWell @AllAFckinBoard @naturelover3333 @cleflore23 @ryanuga47 @HDWilson @SnidleyWhipass @KennethJOath @MadisonSedona @RCalh @Welles19 @katbritton08 @goldyvladi4691 @nofaithinhuman5 Then there’s this one: 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@ewarren @MondaireJones More of Warrens lies! Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you 
@RepLarryBucshon @WhiteHouse This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This message approved by ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ and ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
LORDY THERE ARE TAPES! Full audio &amp; VIDEO of Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@SenateFloor @SenateGOP Is this REALLY the kind of world you want to live in? “Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
John Kelly believes John Bolton’s account 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
I'd sue schumer's old ass. 
@donlemon How much longer will CNN's owner put up with your pathetic ratings ? Don Lemon’s “CNN Tonight,” which President Trump recently mocked over its low ratings, was the 35th most popular show on cable news despite its cushy primetime slot. 
I appreciated the opportunity to join @Mika and ⁦@JoeNBC⁩ this morning to discuss foreign policy, impeachment, and the 2020 field. Thanks also to ⁦@IgnatiusPost⁩ for his very generous praise of my new memoir #Tough Love 
"It's not just Medicare: Trump budget eyes Social Security cuts, too" 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there’s ‘new evidence’ daily 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Also known as the DNC. Hahahahaha 
Aaah. nice walk, blood pressure down, see headline, all blood vessels burst: T rump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga 
Missing son of 2 Missouri judges found dead in California nearly a month after vanishing #SmartNews 
Trump delivers joint remarks with the Israeli Prime Minister 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been #SmartNews NO TRUMP IS THE SNAKE...... 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
CNN is still on the air, I figured the voice of the Democratic Socialist Partly would have been gone with Hillary. CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is a thug and always has been. Trump has associated with sketchy people for years. This is why the ambassador was brought home for her safety. He’s is dangerous. ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials - 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Say what you want about #CorporateMedia (&amp; I often do), but has been #johnnyonthespot vis a vis #dishonestdon #theorangetumor @realdonaldtRUMP 😁 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses . @GOP 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake | 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" he’s an ambulance chaser. Embarrassing this only lawyer he can get. Obvious he’s guilty of high treason but Senate will let him walk 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza God watch mover both of them. 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Watch @AriMelber break down the key highlights from the first day of President Trump's impeachment trial, including why McConnell may have got "caught bluffing." 
NEW: Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 💥About 6 months late to prevent the pandemic💥 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters @ should eat crows pie or whatever the saying is. 
@colinflaherty Top 5 deadliest cities 
Sen. Durbin: If no witnesses under oath, it isn't a trial 
There should be a travel ban for anything that threatens America. 
WATCH: Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
Republicans trying to spin lies as usual. 
@SenTinaSmith I gave Democracy in Chains to your office last year. Must read. GOP was taken over by hard right Koch Network: 10 min. interview on AMJoy, with Nancy MacLean: 
Bolton claims add pressure to growing calls for witness testimony at Senate impeachment trial 
SLEAZY CORRUPT BASTARDS BELONG IN CELLS THEMSELVES... McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump The following interview (Part 1 of 2) with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
How about I talk to a “source” and I’ll tell you what Bolton was thinking? Then, you just gleefully trust everything I say immediately and repeat it until it’s “undisputed”. We now called that “journalism” #BoltonBook 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@StephMillerShow Lamar Alexander is an important vote: 1) He'll be one of the first to vote on evidence, a yes would set a good precedent. 2) He's retiring- will want to preserve his legacy 3) A respected institutionalist: could pull in undecideds 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
This is disgusting--the language, the tone, the slyness. Ew. Just ewww 
@atrupar And then there is Mitt: 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews No you and your coward attitude did Graham 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@SandySp74387529 @tweakyourpc @funder @AuthorKimberley Found it I think. 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries 
A tunnel? Seriously? Yeah, let's put people in an inescapable tunnel just ripe for a terrorist attack. Great idea. 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case AH MOSCOW MITCH IN ALL HIS LYING GLORY 
No surprises here. 
@SpeakerPelosi What a joke!!! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Is the Bolton revelation a smoking gun or an Access Hollywood moment? 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Jenna Ellis: Trump Senate impeachment trial – Here's where things stand now, what should happen next #CNN #MSNBC 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day. #KeepIowaRed2020. #TrumpPence2020 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Massive crowds IN A "BLUE STATE" waiting in to see @realDonaldTrump at his rally! So much for a blue 🌊 😂 Never tired of #winning. #Trump2020 👊🏻🇺🇸👊🏻 Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
This broad is nuts. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump reportedly called generals 'dopes and babies' while berating them 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues - 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump "It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." 
California will eliminate a large homeless site outside an Oakland Home Depot next month — roughly six months after the city announced it would shut down the encampment, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. 
#News #BREAKING #BreakingNews #SaturdayVibes #weekend #weekendvibes #SaturdayThoughts #MSM Hey #MAGA #MAGA2020 #Trump2020Landslide #Trump2020 ➡️ Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
@SteveScalise @WhiteHouse looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
The funniest part is that this happened while Obama was claiming that Fox wasn’t even a news source and the DNC wouldn’t let them air a debate. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
AOC never mentions Bernie Sanders' name as she and Michael Moore pinch-hit for candidate at Iowa rally 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" - Sen. King 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: Health Sec. This is worrisome. China is not our friend, nor a friend to world community. At least they shared the genetic sequencing. Many questions still remain about the #nCoV threat. 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
#MAGA, remember when @realDonaldTrump promised in 2016 campaign that he would never cut benefits: "We're going to save Social Security," Trump told supporters at an Iowa campaign rally..." 'Trump puts cuts to Medicare and Social Security on the table' 
Varney makes bold prediction ahead of Iowa caucuses: 'Huge problem for the party' 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed #SmartNews 
@senatemajldr WTH is being done about #electionsecurity? "Senate Majority Leader #MitchMcConnell (R-Ky.) – who picked up the “Moscow Mitch” moniker after balking at other bills on election security – said his GOP-led chamber would ignore this bill, too." 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
@dbongino Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
#OscarMayer Weinermobile pulled over by #Wisconsin cops "no ill will against the company for moving its headquarters from Madison to Chicago" 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low | 
Whoa, @CortesSteve, what special breed of brainwashed sycophant ARE you? You should be ashamed. #TrumpRussia #TrumpTapes 
100,000 ticket requests submitted, for a venue that holds 7,500. The actual number of rally attendees is unclear, Large TVs outside for the overflow crowd to watch This is Mammoth! #Trump2020Landslide #AmericaFirst #LeadRight #TWGRP 
@senatemajldr @GOP @SenateGOP @ Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid @ 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
He doesn’t know Sh$$t.. John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews #LockHimUp 
Why would ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ apologize? After all, she hates Jews. 
"Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
@Imamofpeace @sonechkousa 😂😂😂 jfc. This is projection at its finest. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote #TermLimits 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base #NewsSuite 
More California grown corruption. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
@JoeDelmonaco @Ordinary1World I get it so your condescension is not necessary 
Democrats are just corrupt by nature. They cant seem to help it. No matter how much money they make they want more without working for it... San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
.@MaddowBlog: Reversing course, many in GOP say Pres. Trump’s guilt is now irrelevant. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments The president’s on lawyers say that the Bolton testimony is completely in admissible and it is it’s just there to unfortunately be greedy and sell A book 
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., on Tuesday suggested that Bolton was a disgruntled fired employee with the motive of money. “Someone ought to spend some time imagining what John Bolton’s motives are other than making millions of dollars to trash the president.” 
Schumer: Bolton allegations go 'right to the heart of the charges against the president' 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
&amp; those dem’s need their heads examined 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Well so far the Republicans in the Senate have disgraced themselves "As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
I am walking into an abandoned WalMart so please yell at #FishingForRobots #Freebies #100DaysOfCode #Javascript #NonExecs @SSS_Retweets @SympathyRTs @FearRTs @FlyRts #ServiceDesign #HR #AI #Freebies #HealthyRecipes #PHP #Python 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
I guess there is absolutely zero security around the president and the White House Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
@ERICIX @AP "Patriots" ? try crooks...here and there. 🤣 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? #MarshaBlackburnIsTrash #Tennessee #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
"Claire McCaskill: House Dems are making a better case than..." 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Trump's team is what happens 'when you don't pay your legal bills' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
Obstruction in Plain Sight! 
@SterlingEricson @gaywonk 🤔🤔🤔 No! It's the minorities supporting him that are wrong! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@SecPompeo is s fucking prick. Surprised? 
@realDonaldTrump Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump’s law-breaking #SmartNews Why would they want a law breaker to stay in office? I’ll never understand that! 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
@FLOTUS Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments You cannot make this up! @SenSchumer is a f🤦‍♂️cking hack 
@HoovenJeffery @mrctv Want to see a certified hypocrite? Just listen to old Lindsey then (1998) and now (2020). There’s one just like it for #MoscowMitch 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
America's top 5 deadliest cities All with super strict gun control laws #2A #NRA #MolonLabe 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get i... #Topbuzz 
Wallace: Trump’s defense is no defense 
@CurtisHouck @heckyessica @donlemon @CNNTonight This is the only way he can get people to watch him - his excellent journalisming isn't enough. #DonLemonReporting 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements @ @JoeNBC Did Trump think He could squeak this by during the impeachment trial &amp; nobody would notice? How many of his @GOP #MAGA supporters will this effect? 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
TRUMP UNVEILS MIDDLE EAST PEACE PLAN WITH TWO-STATE SOLUTION, TUNNEL CONNECTING WEST BANK AND GAZA 
If only republicans stuck together like the rotten democrats... McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Trump wouldn't lie, would he? Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ 
@realDonaldTrump Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight . Ty @POTUS #KAG 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Trent England: Elizabeth Warren wants to nullify the Electoral College -- and silence Middle America 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Thanks, Chris Hayes. Game. Set. Match. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Humm, sounds like he is guilty to me Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
I can’t believe he can openly say, we have all the documents and the House doesn’t. I’m sure that is the truth, just shows how corrupt this trial is. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Every one of those Republican Senators who votes for impeachment witnesses needs to be dropped by the RNC &amp; primaried hard when their term comes up. Time to screw them like they’ve continuously screwed us — this means you Mittens Romney, et al. 
@Joeandthecrowd @JayLionel7 @realDonaldTrump Research. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
The feud between Trump, Bloomberg heats up 
@Ilhan? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Sen. Stabenow: “John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate” 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Hummm Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
This is what happens when you engage in identity politics vs competence. Not only is this man incompetent. Spent 5 years in jail for armed robbery. Abused people who worked for him. No wonder govt doesn’t work.@GavinNewsom @OANN @TuckerCarlson 
@thehill Meanwhile, @donlemon Lemon was served with the Sexual Assault complaint Wednesday and Soon To Be On National Sex Offenders List! Who Is IGNORANT? 
Disgusting. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
FASCINATING DISCUSSION on Rachel Maddow’s show. “Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch” 
Thursday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.23.20 
Neal Katyal: Trump trying to use executive privilege to hide stuff from American people 
Savages. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
From - Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Quite simply, the #impeachment trial is about #corruption. Trump is willing to use our tax dollars &amp; defense to advance his own interest. We need a leader we can trust to put the people first. President Elizabeth Warren. #TeamWarren #Warren2020 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
@Aokoi4 @JillFilipovic It is also important to note the accuser told friends she wanted $$ from Kobe to pay for breast implants &amp; a koala bear. It's also important to mention semen was found on her &amp; her clothing that DID NOT match Kobe. #ShesALiar 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Damn. I wasn't able to suffer long enough to get to this. Probably was the best part of the show. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid #TrumpCorruption 
@realDonaldTrump he’s talking about you. You’re #1 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #SenateCoverup #TrumpIsGuilty 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
From Discover on Google 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Kobe Bryant's business strategy aimed for 'global footprint,' focus on China 
Rated 6 peaches... 🍑 🍑 🍑 🍑 🍑 🍑 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
From Faux Spews... 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes Interesting ... 
Will Trump wait until after the Election to put the final nail into the Obamacare Coffin ??? Supreme Court not going to fast-track Obamacare 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case | The DumbCrat managers case was pathetically weak! Pelosi and the DumbCrat managers have wasted better than $50 million dollars and 3 years on this debacle! 
Bolton's team says copies of his book appear to have been made following delivery of the book to WH for a national security review. Carol Lee: "They really want to distance themselves from the idea that he is somehow behind leaking this." 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says Racists bastard 
@VulgarrViking also, he never started the Civil lawsuit. She initiated the civil suit. they settled out of court. 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
@alix_real @LduRomme @mehdirhasan @CyranoKale @ezraklein Oh whats this? Bernie has more support amongst non-white voters than any other candidate.... #NotMeUs 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks “The first day of Trump's impeachment trial was an opportunity for his defense team to bring its A game. There was just one problem: They had no A game to bring, It was ... embarrassing.” 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
The Ingraham Angle - Tuesday, January 28 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump #TakeHerOut #TrumpTapes 
I'm home sick from Infowars please ingest tonight #FishingForRobots #HR @ShoutGamers #HillaryEmail @DripRT #Eventi #Hunting #DesignSprint #GreenNewDeal #ServiceDesign #DesignThinking #Tunisia #BigData #RewardsPoints @FearRTs #AI #Python 
Very interesting, the socialist has enriched himself and his family by using politics. And they call Trump a con man. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
President Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
: Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters. @GoogleNews 
Rudy appearing on Judge Jeanne just made some crazy accusations against Biden! 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
How many times have ppl sued &amp; won agnst writers of books w/maligned false information. Yet, cos NYT’s says this is accurate by a disgruntled employee is scripture?Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
All 'Rat-run cities. So surprised. | America's top 5 deadliest cities 
House Intel's impeachment report has a 'flood of evidence' against Trump 
Trump's deteriorating relationship with John Bolton 
@kristine_kenyon @jayrosen_nyu @NPRKelly Yeah right...Pompeo was I voted to talk about Iran and the impending ww3(🤭🤭🤣🤣) and all NPR obsesses on is Yavanovitchs butthurt. Pompeo's being diplomatic in implying he agrees with her ouster.. 
@r03284257 @Simple_Tweeting @Drury7Drury @Mott_Mason NATO destroyed Libya in 2011. Why do you ignore this? 
Juan Williams on Bolton: Trump was saying 'I want to withhold aid to get something for myself' ⁦⁩ get rid of Williams, you are loosing viewers who are going to OAN. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named Are you paying attention #BernieBros ⁦#BerniesArmy #Bernie2020 ? All your money and efforts in support of ⁦@SenSanders⁩ will be squandered again as Dem Party again conspires against you. #democrats 
Need a Valentine’s Day getaway? Airbnb is having a contest where a lucky couple will win a one-night stay at Casa di Giulietta in Verona where the 1968 film “Romeo and Juliet” was filmed. 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Bernie camp in a tizzy as Clinton allies named to key oversight positions by DNC for upcoming nomination. Hey Bernie...fool you once, shame on the DNC. Fool you twice, you’re an idiot. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
UH OH! HOT DOG! 
Why? Because @MarshaBlackburn is #TrumpScum. And @realDonaldTrump has made insulting veterans a normal activity for Republicans. And Marsha, Marsha, Marsha is nothing if not "loyal" #TrumpScum who'd sacrifice every ounce of decency &amp; integrity to win. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in Louisiana" @morning_joe @joeNBC @morningmika 
Really, Donald, you want that fight? 
The House didn’t allow witnesses for Trump, but the spineless Senate republicans will roll over for the democrats? UNBELIEVABLE!!!!! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Wow — Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
.@chucktodd takes a look at how many times House impeachment managers discussed the Bidens during Thursday's opening arguments. 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Hey @lara_lazar the actual audio of them talking about Ukraine starts right about in the center of the video window. I can't give you a time bcos video is too bright and blocks out the time. But it is right in the middle between 25 - 55 min.... 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
"In reversal, @RealDonaldTrump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
Analysis finds precinct closures hurting Black voter turnout in Georgia 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Will it mimic the tunnel between his ass and his brain? 
"Doug Perez on being an American in Wuhan, China in the middle of the coronavirus outbreak" FOX NEWS 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
China refused CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
#Breaking John Bolton's book says Trump tied Ukraine aid to investigations #BoltonBombshell #BoltonMustTestify #BoltonBook #TrumpIsGuilty #TrumpImpeachmentTrial 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Super Bowl LIV: Patrick Mahomes has sweet interaction with young reporter at media event #SmartNews ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@greggutfeld⁩ ⁦@JesseBWatters⁩ ⁦@TheFive⁩ @danaPerino 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
18 years and counting; is the real most trusted AND watched name in news #media; keep up the good work in informing the world of what real journalism, honesty, truth and #MediaFreedom is 🇺🇸👍🗺️ alert desk #FoxNation 
They don't care. It's not their kids being harmed. #GOPCorruptionOverCountry "Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report That’s strange and it’s sounds personal 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
@JRubinBlogger LINDSEY committee warming up. Don’t think either will be available for dirty joe. Week or so before March 3, 2020. 
One question: Where’s the #MeToo movement? 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
LISTEN: Audio recording appears to show President Trump order firing of the US ambassador to Ukraine. 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
As coronavirus spreads, @TomCottonAR calls for 'targeted travel ban' THANK YOU 😊🇺🇸 
May I introduce to you Antonio Brown the thuggiest of the thugs. Proof you can take the thug out da hood but never take da hood out da thug! Antonio Brown appears in court, told he can remove ankle monitor and travel in US 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #maga #KAGA2020 
@RandPaul seems to have forgotten that he is where he is because of his Dad. He is a nepotism poster child. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" ONCE AGAIN , TRUMP , IN PLAIN SIGHT BOASTING OF BEING ABLE TO OBSTRUCT AND GLOATING ABOUT IT . THE REPUBLICANS IN THE SENATE AND HOUSE REMAIN SILENT 
😡➖FICTION IS NOT ADMISSABLE➖😡Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@realDonaldTrump Apparently you have material that won't exonerate you. 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
@MittRomney @SenatorRomney please watch: @JohnSununu calls out #MittRomney: He needs to 'get it together' So READ BOLTON’s UNREDACTED MANUSCRIPT don’t get SOFT and drag this out with witnesses‼️Do it for the USA 🇺🇸 @senatemajldr HELP❗️ 
Illinois ex-lawmaker charged with bribery in red-light camera program 
Meghan Markle 'never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,' source claims - 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues MT: Well done @united saftey over money. I was to fly to Shanghai on the 8th and now have a refund. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
@KristinMinkDC @TomSteyer The cuckoo leftist elites pushing for this garbage were so wrong that many members of their own Party are voting against them to ACQUIT... @hollaryclinton @_hublette #AcquitTrump @SenateDems @donlemon @ChrisCuomo @NYGovCuomo 
Car of missing Marine in Arizona found more than five months after he was last seen, police say 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
@AOC Is this how to achieve the American dream? 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' | 
Does anyone with even just a sliver of a brain have any questions as to why the Grammy ratings are tanking? I didn't think so...😂🤣😂🤣 Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump you are blowing a gasket. You brain is on fire... 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Tucker: CNN attacks Bernie Sanders for being 'sexist; | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@francbulldog @MariloPozasC @raising_hill You would be ranked in popularity by your constituents. Bernie is the most favored in his state. And has the highest favorability ratings nationally. 
The Liar: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Sen. Murphy: Trump's legal team was 'engaging in a Trump 2020 commercial' 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
never should sanders ever be elected he is a communist but even i think this wasto low a blow politics is really getting just tasteless i hate every day of it.Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
🤬 Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
@wwindteacher @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump Just as Trump said Hillary would be impeached before her inauguration? 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 1 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed Sorry, no free speech permitted.. only left wing views accepted. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Good grief. So more tax dollars down the drain in an effort to unseat a duly elected President that has done nothing wrong, quite the opposite! 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
Landed at March AFB. Guess what is east of there? Corona, CA. The irony!! 
#DonLemon assault accuser says #CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This is why I am against Sharia Law in any western country, your laws will never be my laws! 
Proving how stupid he is, Joe Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' Joe Biden should be in a nursing home. 
Warren endorsement by Des Moines Register explained by executive editor On Joy Reid. Not radical ideas, right ideas. Warren is right leader for our nation now with bold ideas. 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so the lizzard spoke . 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Puerto Rico shocked by magnitude 5.9 earthquake causing further damage to island 
Another death attributable to the Globalist, open-border, crowd. Fentanyl once again. 
@thisisFINLAND @ylenews Ley's see what an Award-winning Climatologist and Founder of the Weather Channel had to say... #RealScience #ClimateHoax #Finland 
Rosenberg: The cure for 'hearsay evidence' is to allow testimony and documents - will GOP do that? 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' You did it to candidate &amp;now President Trump &amp; his entire team. Over crimes you dems made up with phoney accusations,forged docs lying witnesses&amp;crooked intelligence persons 
“He was not happy to have been questioned about Ukraine. He asked, ‘Do you think Americans care about Ukraine?’ He used the F word in that sentence, and many others,” she said. Where does an evangelical come off dropping F bombs? And yes, Americans care. 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
@foxnewsradio — The world was ending backstage in a theatre. The clown came out to warn the public ; they thought it was a joke and applauded. #kierkegaard an unavoidable choice between two alternatives. "you can give him an ultimatum—an either/or" 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
What is democratic socialism? 
Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in Louisiana ( @) 
Great Scarborough rant on the Trump "defense team's" performance. Especially Pam Bondi! Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' @maddow 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript The House. brought their suit choosing not to call Bolton or others for a reason. DM’S will turn Bolton into a steady stream of smut slinging witnesses similar to Cavanaugh. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@washingtonpost Wussy's #WashingtonPost #FeliciaSonmez 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Republicans don't want any Witnesses and especially John Bolton because there is no defense for Trump's guilt! Interesting article from The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
"Poll: Americans see Republicans putting party over country" 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
NFL rejects veterans group's Super Bowl ad urging people to stand for the anthem 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Yeah right 
⬇️👀❓🇺🇸⬇️ Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 🔥💥🔥 #SupportOurPresident #KeepAmericaGreat ♦️❤️♦️ 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Why? You know you're an irrelevant blow-hard, right @SeanHannity? No serious person in the trial pays you any attention. Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper @TheRickWilson debate president’s GOP impact 
46% said yes. WOW 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sen. Kaine makes an appeal for witnesses and documents in the Senate impeachment trial: "I just think it's so hard to say that this trial should be conducted at a lesser standard than at the traffic court in the city of Richmond." 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | 
#Schiff ends day with #PowerfulArgument for #Trump's #removal #News #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #Senate 
Best definition yet. #RemoveTrump Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
@RandPaul @gtconway3d @AOC That will not happen, because to prove, he would need to show his tax returns, ...thought on that, when you suggested that? Better you resign when Trump will be chased out from WH (like a dog) 
@RepMikeJohnson @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
High stock markets numbers aren’t worth much if your kids are under threat of being gunned down at school on a daily basis &amp; unregulated pollution makes it uncertain that your kids will have a habitable planet 20 years from now. Poll: Trump losing women 
If you can find him...The last sighting of him was in Qatar chasing his Mustache down the road and the Mustache was getting away Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
@IlhanMN just think this would be you 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators he doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses | Top story from #SpecialReport tonight: 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
Husband of a woman who died in the Kobe Bryant helicopter crash says there are "no words" to describe the tragedy. "It's horrible," said Matt Mauser, holding back tears while talking about his wife Christina Mauser's death. 
China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon 
What's new? @JusticeThomas67 Lied his way to the scotus so did @BrettKavanaugh The only people that lie better than lawyers are cops McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Vegetarian food company develops nicotine-like 'meat patch' to help curb cravings 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
After bullying reporter, Pompeo basks in presidential praise 
Donald Trump’s legal defense team will not deny Trump’s actions, just say they are not impeachable 
@JoeBiden how Biden family got rich: Hunter 'just the tip of the iceberg' #BidenSocialSecurityCuts 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says Why are the US citizens that are being flown out of China to CA not being quarantined for 2 weeks considering we now know it can be spread w/o symptoms?? ⁦@HHSGov⁩ 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
This combined with the worst Hollywood box office turnout in years. We cant ask for more than this Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Coronavirus concerns prompt Southwest Airlines to remove sick passenger from flight 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing / @CNN @TheRebelTV @CBCNews / who uses CNN as their news source/ LOL #MAGA 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Joy's interview of Julian Castro and Warren's growing support among Latinx and Asian-Am. Warren will surprise in February. 
Is Tony Villar one of them. Remember the last convention when silent yes's prevailed over conventioneers objections: Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@joniernst @JoeBiden @realDonaldTrump #GOPcoverup geniuses always run the same plays &amp; are SHOCKED truly SHOCKED when everyone sees it! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Holocaust Remembrance Day: Few Americans know the death toll, poll finds 
Everything in these rules is rigged: Sen. Schumer 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ and the rich ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ want to take our hard earn social security to pay for there debt problem! 50 60 and older get these crooks out of office vote! 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton's unpublished book? 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
Today's #FOXHalftimeReport ⬇️ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
: NJ woman reported missing after visiting medium found dead, prosecutors say. @GoogleNews 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Three Americans killed in plane crash while fighting Australia's wildfires 
So the cops murdered him, is what you're saying? 
Coming to America if we don't act now to stifle Islamic dominance plans in the USA. Kafir will be treated worse. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@CNN has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
#Audio appears to bolster #Parnas #claims about #dinner with #Trump #News #LevParnas #TrumpLies #Ukraine #TrumpUkraine 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted... 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 🤣 I love Karma ❤️ 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Very telling story. Hopefully he'll confess now, tell where the body of his exwife is and her family can have some closure . Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Why does @SenateGOP want to block witnesses and the subsequent truth? #ConfederacyOfDunces 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
When the party is no longer concerned about the Constitution... 
@RepLeeZeldin Fucking LIAR. Every major media outlet has called out false conspiracy theories intended to smear Bidens including @WSJ. Try Google. You'll see every one of them. Gaslighting is no defense of fat-ass in WH. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
The biggest Senate moments from Thursday 
Tribe blasts McConnell's 'dark of night' Trump trial 'cover-up' 
"Sen. Lee is concerned with the consequences of giving federal bureaucrats the authority to be the arbiter of political speech with the power to determine difficult issues like speech 'neutrality' or 'bias.'" -- @SenMikeLee. 
Trump lawyer: 'A complete victory for the president' 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
⁦@JoeBiden⁩ is an elitist and thug. Don’t let the idiotic looking Ray Ban’s fool you. Wait tell me again. Why didn’t ⁦@BarackObama⁩ endorse Joe? 🤣🤣💥 Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
@NancyVincelli @morten @realDonaldTrump Fake post .. That isnt Nancy. Repent while there is time. Education for high mindedness provided below #VoteDemsOut 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans #AhlamAhmadalTamimi 
Browns' Kareem Hunt laments being cut from Kansas City Chiefs during traffic stop: 'I should be playing for a freaking Super Bowl' ( @PaulinaDedaj) 
Ari Melber calls Ken Starr's sad, pathetic defense of Trump "A disaster for Republicans. A total, unmitigated, legal, and constitutional disaster." I cannot wait for November. 🌊 
@stuckinbetween3 I've been looking for it. The only thing I can find is Joe Scarborough repeating what Trump said and fact-checking him. 
Bolton continues to complicate Senate witness question i dont agree with mr bolton , but i know he is a honorable man 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
@realDonaldTrump Dear Mr President "Corruption=BHO&amp;JFK&amp;HRC&amp;JRB&amp;RHB&amp;Biden's=OverthrewUA=StoleRFPipeline=Laundered&gt;$=UA&amp;Burisma=POTUS=Call= $&amp;BidenCorruptn*" * * * * 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January #SmartNews 
Rep. Schiff defends the call for new witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' 
AOC America is not a shelter home.. if you are that eager why dont you support a family from your own pocket.. by the way did you return $950,000 back to campaign funds.. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Even New Jersey, arguably the worst liberal state in the nation, is in play for 2020. Democrats are a cancer on America's future 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
This Day in History: Jan. 28 
YES INDEED! 🇺🇸♥️TRUMP 2020 Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Busted Fat Boy!!! 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | #HeyDonYouSuck BUT I GUESS WE KNEW THAT BECAUSE WE ARE LEARNING THAT YOU THINK ITS OK TO GET DRUNK &amp; SEXUALLY ASSAULT STRANGERS. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of the 2018 conversation with #PutinsPuppet 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Garden State native Kellyanne Conway: 'South Jersey is Trump country' MAGA 🇺🇸 
@Timcast Quid pro quo "That deal has been on the table for more than a month now: Trump gives Democrats a path to citizenship for 1.8 million Dreamers; Democrats give Trump his full $25 billion wall funding request." 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
THIS @LINDSEYGRAHAM WAS BACK WHEN YOU STILL HAD BALLS, AND A SOUL. BEFORE YOU TRADED THEM TO TRUMP FOR THIS BRIEF GRASP OF POWER. ENJOY HELL. YOU WILL CERTAINLY END THERE Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? | Starr rivals Giuliani in his legal incompetence. 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
I no longer care! If there are to be witnesses, bring’em all, including ⁦@JoeBiden⁩, his POS son, ⁦@AdamSchiff⁩, and the whistleblower! #ObamaToo McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
DOJ opens criminal probe into Russia investigation...DONT HOLD YOUR BREATHE🤬 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier . #FakeNews #EnemyOfThePeople #DemocratShills @nytimes continues to be even more #FakeNews #EnemyOfThePeople #DemocratShills. Ty @POTUS #KAG 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
When’s CNN going to clean house and become a respectable news organization?? Oh. Wait. It’s not. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
#AmericansWantWitnesses #AdamSchiffTRUTHMATTERS #AmericaIsWorthIt Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
@FauxNews happens to have found a guy... 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment #MESen #mepolitics 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Jesse Watters says 'it's over' after watching Trump legal team's opening Senate impeachment defense | 
@IngrahamAngle @JeffreyToobin Donald Trump says" i dont know Lev Parnas, never met him before" 
This is a must read! Especially if you are a Trumpite! Then again, they refuse to read anything not pre-approved by The Donald &amp; Company so that is probably a wasted... 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG2020LandslideVictory God Bless You President Trump America Stands With You 🙏🏻☦️🇺🇸 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Islam wants it all so no, they will not agree. 
Meghan Markle 'never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family… 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Is anyone shocked to learn about this guy? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
I agree with Ivanka! CNN needs Lemon to apologize for his unprofessional unethical behavior on national tv! He’s an embarrassment to himself to laugh and carry on like he did over the abhorrent remarks his idiotic panel spewed out! Cancel Don Lemon now! 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Brian Lonergan: Immigration is unquestionably a national security issue. We need to start treating it like one The latest from IRLI's director of communications, Brian Lonergan 
WATCH: @maddow discuss the options available to Democrats if the Trump admin. decides to abuse the classification system to keep evidence out of the Senate impeachment trial. 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials @POTUS 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump BUT WHY should the PREZ. care? There are a million crooks EVERY DAY. OH: 
I guess the sh*t really hit the (San) FrAN #WWG1WGA San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Add it to the list ...... San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
This is shocking. . Jk, it's not. 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
#Audio appears to show #Trump #OrderingRemoval of #Ambassador #Yovanovitch #News #LevParnas #TrumpLies #Ukraine #TrumpUkraine 
JaySekulow made great closing statement, very compelling and persuasive. Impeachment is based on policy difference. Dems set low bar of Impeachment. Danger danger danger Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
If you can’t get Ukraine to smear your political opponent, just have the US Senate do it... #GOPComplicitTraitors “Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Queue the Russian Bots. Revealed: Russian support for Bernie began during NH primary 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Lets all support the Republican challengers to these Rinos 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
2020 @AlanDersh says complete opposite of what 1998 #AlanDershowitz claimed @realDonaldTrump @realdonalbtrump who's right? Alan 2020? Or Alan 1998? Time will tell! Alan Dershowitz claims abuse of power isn’t an impeachable offense 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Former Watergate prosecutor on Trump lawyers’ defense arguments | January 26, 2020 #news 
"Indeed, it’s surprisingly difficult to think of any aspect of Trump’s Ukraine scandal in which the American president has managed to make an accurate claim and stick to it as the story continued to unfold." 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument | January 25, 2020 #news 
Sen. Murphy: 'I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden' 
James Carville: Trumpism greatest threat ‘since fall of communism’ 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer... 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation 
@fshakir @BernieSanders Peter Schweizer: @BernieSanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich ☠️🆘🤬👎🏻 #MadHatter 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
I am so damn sick of a pathetically impotent Republican Party.... McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
WOW a Democrat taking responsibility? NO.. doesn't want to show how much money he got from Ukraine and China! Never Trust a Democrat Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt 
From Discover on Google 
Trump administration cracks down on legal immigrants receiving public assistance @nbcnews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@SleepyDjango Chuck Todd basically said as much at the end of this clip: 
@WajahatAli You dont get 2 dictate how people should feel about you &amp; your pals' words of ridicule &amp; being made fun of on National TV. You forget @DonLemon is accused of sexual assault of a man &amp; is currently before the Courts?-&gt;Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN... 
@realDonaldTrump can NOT read! He ha NO comprehension. we all have seen that history and spelling arent his strong suit either I bet he couldn't read an IQ test Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
Lawsuit discovery would fix that. Did Jared ever pass his financial disclosure forms after 20-30 tries? "There's nothing in the record about the president's kids" 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Most #viral News Now: Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
I'll give the marriage 6 months. She will be back spreadin em in Hollywood. Congrats Harry on bringing this trash into the family. Gold Digger! Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims 
Jennifer Lopez pays tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'We will miss you forever' - 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Gitmo stomach growling! Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
@duckslapman @briebriejoy Wrong. 
@TXMagaMan This tells you everything..... 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
GOP REPUBLICANS HELP ECHO KREMLIN PROPAGANDA ! @veteranstoday @VFWHQ @AmyMcGrathKY @DAVHQ @SenJoniErnst @courierjournal @TomSteyer @SaraGideon @SenatorCollins @harrisonjaime @maddow @DanRather @dscc @DNC @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @NAACP @HouseDemWomen 
Rosenberg: The cure for 'hearsay evidence' is to allow testimony and documents - will GOP do that? 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Together we stand stronger,.....McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Bloomberg, Steyer ad spending dwarfs rest of 2020 field -by a lot 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
Ari Melber: 'It's legal to lie on the Internet' 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Former Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" @realDonaldTrump @secpompeo @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@carolfromindy @mkraju @StevenReyCristo The GAO said it was a crime last week. Even covered that. 
@lastoften More than you want to know, I’m sure. 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Wut? Is it worse than they admit? 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Oh Lord , now there are tapes, somehow you just knew there would be.😂 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
This disturbs me. If I do NOT WORK for Lev or his friend, but the President can fire me at a moment's notice, WHY would the President instruct nonofficials to "TAKE HER OUT?" Good GOD America. WAKE THE FUCK UP.. 
Go ahead and sue, then the American Taxpayer will finally see Trump's books! Hope they're not all written in Russian! #ImpeachedForLife 
From Discover on Google 
A Sea of Red! It's a Great Day for South Jersey! Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally | 
An ⁦@⁩ interview by ⁦⁦@franifio⁩ of ⁦@BernieSanders⁩⁩ on #redwhitewho and it's illuminating for ppl who don't know a lot about Bernie. This is why we trust &amp; love him. #ILikeBernie #ITrustBernie #MedicareForAll #NotMeUs #vote 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Clinton-Sanders 2016 campaign clash rolls into 2020 race | 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
JUST IN: 1 person has been killed and 5 others have been injured in a shooting in downtown Seattle, police say. Suspect still at large. 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" GEE , WONDER WHY . #POMPEOPOMPOUSASSHOLE 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Today's homepage features 53 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
@CNNPolitics Wanna know what your elitism (Don Lemon, et al) has wrought? 
#WinningWithTrump #StopTheCoup Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
BUSTED! 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
"Harvey Levin dishes on what he learned while filming TMZ’s special ‘Harry &amp; Meghan: Royals in Crisis’" FOX NEWS 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
SF deserves so much better!! 
Prosecutors ding Prince Andrew for not helping feds in Epstein case..HE TOOK THE 5TH THEN DRANK A FIFTH...🎃😎🤐🦍🎱 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse 
@JeffHJR87 @ManSaffer @PattyMurray National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
@RepAndyBiggsAZ @realDonaldTrump If President Trump is against corruption, then why is he trying to legalize it? 
❤️Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
The minority leader in the Senate @SenSchumer is such a dirt bag. It really taints the entire Congress. I'm sure that Dems are so clueless that they don't think the polls showing hardly anyone trusts Congress are at all related to their constant lies. 
Karen Pence: The Trump-Pence administration is working tirelessly for America's veterans and military families 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
NEW: Highlights from Day One of Trump’s trial, and why McConnell may have got “caught bluffing” — from our new breakdown tonight by @AriMelber: 
'The Constitution is not a suicide pact': Day 2 of Democrats' opening arguments 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Where’s #Liberal #Democrat outrage? Female flogging #Indonesia #women #Sharia law #Fox #News #Vote #Republican #Jews #Israel #California #Immigration #MAGA #KAG #NEWJERSEY #NEWYORK #WomensMarch2020 #BLM #Muslims 
About time for accountability. 
Oh no, not the #Weinermobile!!! Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Rick Wilson: Dumbshit Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags 
"It's like you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution." @mayawiley on Pres. Trump's actions leading up to the Obstruction of Congress charge, as laid out by the Democratic impeachment managers. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
YOU HAVE ALL THE MATERIAL BECAUSE YOU'RE OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@CQnow @RepRatcliffe @RepLeeZeldin @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan @carolinebrehman This is our corruption fighting president. He was going to clean the swamp remember. 
#Maddow's Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20 🇺🇸 
"Mike Pence's falsehoods start catching up with him" 
Fox, doesnt understand that morality in the mainstream isnt always linear, nor does it always come perfectly packaged. Stephen King walks back remarks, now says Oscars 'rigged' for white people after claiming 'quality' matters over diversity | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza ⁦@nmshaffer⁩ What’s your negative spin on this? 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Weissmann: GOP playing 'hear no evil, see no evil' because they don't want to find it 
"In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily" 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
After days of fidget spinners, GOP senators ‘attentive’ during team Trump presentation 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
@realDonaldTrump And your numbers keep going down, except for the ones for your removal 
Trump’s impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #SmartNews 
In my Trump voice, ...what a nasty guy!! Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@IvankaTrump How’d the training in not stealing from the poor go, princess? 
@ScpoMe I listened to it. However, this guy Lev has a big loud mouth and Trump's Lawyers could not compete with him. This guy Lev stole the show and made Trump and his lawyers look weak. I can't believe Trump won't have a chance to get his word of the "truth" in!? 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Harvard professor Charles Leiber has been arrested on suspicion of committing treason (but no official treason charges yet) by supporting Communist China by passing along secrets him being the head of Harvard's chemistry Department. 
"NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack" FOX NEWS #trends #Technology #foxnews #followme #Developer 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
They should be disbarred for lying 
Re-tweet the Hell out of this racist and prejudiced obscenity on the Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts of all you can think of; especially people and organizations likely to be ‘independents’ politically.Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes Don Lemon 👎🏿😒 
Sen. Merkley: I absolutely want Lev Parnas to testify in Senate 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion | . Schumer giving tickets away like it’s a circus side show! A real class act on Chuckie’s part! 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
Republican state AGs make a curious case against Trump's impeachment 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders | “Grossly mischaracterizing the conversation!!” 
Sen. Klobuchar: Senate must hear from witnesses 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
I KNOW #ChrisWallace (DOES) says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
"Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought" - 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America From Discover on Google 
@HCandler @JGamble_RD2Be @NicholsUprising @BernieSanders Because your view point is factually incorrect 
I find it deeply troubling that both he and trump have no self control. I mean shouldn't leaders have some ability to control themselves? ...... "Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@SenMMcConnell is a worthless piece of paper... A piece of paper across the ass of America. 😳😞😠 McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@TrumpWarRoom No, you can’t distract from Americans demanding the truth. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sure. 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', 'made points for us' 
Manya franya kurva dronya Everyone understands the president was acting in good faith': Hayes 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Yeah, I know it’s but st least they are reporting the #Corruption from our politicians, whether state of federal. NEWS from California: 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Make it with this playing and you are golden 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
When Trump says something happened "ahead of schedule," it's a bit like when he tells stories about unnamed crying men, calling him "sir": it's best not to believe him. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements Well trump supporters looks like you want a man who lied and said he was not going to touch entitlements but because of you and the gop he just lied 
Democrat corruption is out of control. It's like they think it's owed to them! @GavinNewsom @SpeakerPelosi @RepMaxineWaters #CorruptDemocrats San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much 
@guardian From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
If any Democrat wins in November kiss you 401k, pay raises and tax decreases goodbye as US economy tanks severely the next day. Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Look at this crap I was born and raised in Michigan. Having a hard time with this person representing our state. WHERE is the out rage @CNN @MSNBC @CBS @NBCNews this should not be tolerated just like @donlemon and his BS. #hypocrisy is just wow... 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton's unpublished book? NBC News' Justice Correspondent @PeteWilliamsNBC weighs in: 
Hannity - Tuesday, January 28 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' - NBC News @nuzzel 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme 
Trump made a lot of untrue claims about the Iranian missile strike, but it's the "no Americans were harmed" line that he should most regret. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
It is about the constitution. Do we have one that we employ or not? 
@the_real_DV @REALMFAMERICAN @ForQ2 @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS No. He said he would appoint a special counsel to look into her situation. She said thankfully he wasn't in charge, and then he said yes cuz you'd be in jail. BTW...Trump's own justice department just cleared hillary for the 2nd time: 
.@HallieJackson: "There is a full court press this morning working to discredit the president's former national security adviser." 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
It was Republicans mocking Trump supporters from what I saw. Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won #Topbuzz 
Coach K remembers Kobe, berates fans as Duke beats Pitt 
@JudgeJeanine @SenTedCruz The public interest in hearing from witnesses is solid! Lots of different recent polls have all been showing that Americans of all political stripes are interested in actually getting to the factual basis of what happened and getting to the truth. @GOP 
Unfortunately, attacks on Christians and Jews in France continue to rise. 
Friday’s Mini-Report, 1.24.20 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' I guess this is how true journalist act now. Make jokes about ppls accents and their rights to vote who they believe is best. Lemon is a moron fire him 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' How can ⁦@CNN⁩ seriously justify inviting ⁦@DevalPatrick⁩ but not ⁦@TulsiPress⁩ ? That’s banana land level thinking. 
@realDonaldTrump Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House. 
RP 01-29-20 Dark Matters Gray Shadows Clarity QED Light Wight #BlueAway Great White Hype 50 Shades of RED 
From Discover on Google 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt - 
Schumer calls on Senate Republicans to vote for John Bolton testimony 
China extends Lunar New Year holiday to contain coronavirus as death toll rises 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Trump responds to Lev Parnas interviews: ‘Don’t know who this man is’ 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
No Fred, Bolton is a backstabber. No one with any any dignity would do that. Watch out Republicans. 
@RepStevenSmith Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
From Kobe to Bolton, a weekend of major news 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
@mrGregBoz @TheStagmania Here’s Sanders surrogate Tim Robbins comparing South Carolina to Guam. 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
WHILE THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA is focused on the impeachment sham, President Trump unveiled the most detailed Israeli - Palestinian two state solution in history. Now, we will see if all sides truly want peace! @RealDonaldTrump 
Oklahoma district attorney auctioning counterfeiter's classic Ford Mustangs - 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Joe: Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
Hey Dim Dems! IMPEACH THIS! Massive Crowds Gathering for Trump Rally in NJ! Some Dem candidates can’t even fill a coffee shop. SAD! #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver #Trump2020Landslide #ImpeachAndRemove #ImpeachmentBackfire #ImpeachmentCircus #IMPOTUS 
GOP seeks cover w/Dershomania 
@insidioussamg @BernieSanders Put wifey on the payroll over objections of the city council for a job that was never advertised so others could apply. Oh yeah! He's sooooooo different. "Perhaps no one has benefited more from Sanders’s career in politics than his wife Jane. 
NYT Reporter who broke story on Bolton’s manuscript joins Kasie DC 
@SavageDuckMom @TheRickWilson You can watch on 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails #Topbuzz 
Lifestyles of the rich and socialist: Bernie Sanders has 3 houses, makes millions 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse: Dershowitz gave 'embarrassing' defense of Trump in impeachment trial 
@realDonaldTrump Does Alabama love their Social Security? 
@realDonaldTrump 70% For the idiot in the White House, cause math is tough, that's a lot. 
.@FrankFigliuzzi1 breaks down why having John Bolton testify is "scaring" Republicans: "The only way you can refute Bolton is putting Trump on the stand. Let him explain what was going on." 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Asked whether he would accept the subpoena of the Bidens in exchange for a John Bolton testimony, Sen. Tester responded, “I think this makes a mockery of the whole impeachment ... Get the folks with the first hand knowledge." 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees : I HOPE SHE STICKS IT TO EVERY DEM ON THA PLANET....PAYBACKS A B*TCH 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@KevinMKruse And here’s the rest of the story... 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
@realDonaldTrump Oh no they’re not but Vote Blue No Matter Who! And on that note here is what a majority of Americans think about you! 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
I felt my first earthquake today. : Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book | 
This is exactly why the repuks are Russian bought and paid for. Orange crap was bought and paid for years ago. If Moscow's Mitch the Bitch and his foot soldiers were so afraid of orange crap they could vote to remove him and it would be all over.... 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy 
#WestVirginia governor: #Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede... offending blackface VA Governor #Northam. #2ndAm #RightToLife 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Delta Air Lines has been fined $50,000 for "discriminatory conduct" in the removal of 3 Muslim passengers from 2 flights in 2016, the US Department of Transportation says. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Jeff Van Drew welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' 
Last year the highest ratings were during the @dollyparton segment! ⁦@RecordingAcad⁩ should hire Dolly to host the show!- Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low | 
Senate passes Sen. McConnell's impeachment rules after nearly 13 hours of debate. The trial has adjourned until 1pm ET 
.@MittRomney do your job. Persuade your fellow Republicans to demand witness. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Republicans call Bolton leak Kavanaugh ‘2.0,’ as publisher denies coordination | 
Monday’s Mini-Report, 1.27.20 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
@realDonaldTrump Once again you’ve proven tgat yes, you are egotistical, but really not super bright. And you have such poor self control. You constantly confess on TV because your ego takes over. What an imbecile @potus is. 🤣🤣 
You're right. You have to be a flamer and a baby killer and then he'll suck up to you. 
Rashida Tlaib should have never been allowed in American government. Vote her unAmerican person out of office. Leave America. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #TrumpRally #Trump 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
.@HardballChris notes that Trump’s legal defense team and GOP lawmakers didn’t defend Trump’s behavior with Ukraine. Former Senator Barbara Boxer says that, “They cannot defend someone who clearly abused his power.” 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt “F” ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ I WILL NOT VOTE FOR ONE SENATOR AGAIN FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY! NOTHING BUT AH’S 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
@MartitaO @greggutfeld I know. Wow. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
“Trump must make clear that Palestinian rejection of the plan means rejecting Palestinian statehood itself.” Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Dershowitz slams Maxine Waters: Founding Fathers 'expressly rejected' her 'lawless view' on impeaching Trump 
Two tiered justice system, one for the people and one for the Gov. You can't reach to one when you govern from the other. Sen. Chris Van Hollen says Bolton claims are major test of whether senators want impartial impeachment trial 
Bolton is a pathological liar @ambjohnbolton DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Sen. Blumenthal: ‘Proof is overwhelming’ that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump 
@MichaelMwfreeze @realDonaldTrump Don't forget this guy. 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court. Wow. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote The Problem With Term Limits Confusion ⁦@FeinsteinSenate⁩ ConfusionAt HerAge ⁦@RepMaxineWaters⁩ SayingPresidentBush CareerPoliticians GottaGoAmerica WeCannotWaitUntil Work4Themselves 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
DON'T YOU JUST LOVE THIS!!! :):):) Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Nah...there's a lot of filthy stuff in the GOP washing machine but they're glad to stuff what they can in this load. | 
@davidhogg111 LBJ huh? 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
@UGOTSs Does denying the climate crisis make you feel more manly? Wouldn't want to feel as though things were out of (your) control, would you? Wouldn't want to acknowledge that you've been fucked by the very people you've voted for and still defend? 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rogue weapon copspeak: “The man was shot multiple times by the officer's service weapon, Cotterman said.” 
#coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus declined help from the CDC that is sketchy what are they trying to hide ?? ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" #ImpartialJustice 
"Honestly, we have all the material," Trump said of his impeachment trial. "They don't have the material." It sure sounds like Trump is bragging about obstructing Congress... #ThursdayThoughts 
WATCH: Ken Starr backtracks his argument that impeachment is at the "sole discretion of the Congress," to now claiming impeachment must be based on charges of a "crime" or "violation" of law. 
@realDonaldTrump Another hour another lie 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Senate GOP confident effort to shut down calls for witnesses, evidence will be 'victorious'. Is that confidence rooted in the threat against Senators if they vote to hear witnesses and additional documents? #OneVoice1 #VoteTheRedOut @nbcnews 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide GOP Senators that vote with Democrats will face the consequences when they next face the electorate.Siding with Democrats on this is counterintuitive! 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Russian officials rescue over 500 'amateur' fishermen who got stranded on giant ice floe Damn amateurs! 
Aren't there any Constitutional Military provisions which will authorize the arrest and gag of these treasonous and abusive Republican characters-- especially Devil Nunes? Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
@marklevinshow He did. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied. Bad lawyers or fools for DJT? 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@Acyn You mean, this guy? 👇 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Is this fair? 
MORE COMMUNIST @TheDemocrats SCAMS ! Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Strong new ad against Susan Collins. We see you Susan @SenatorCollins 👀 Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | !! Good California!! Keep that 🐀💩out of the good states of the USA!! 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
WATCH: Search and rescue teams deploy drones to save lives #DronesforGood #DronesSaveLives #uAS 
Article 2 @tedcruz @JohnCornyn @SenatorCollins @senatemajldr @lisamurkowski @SenateGOP He’s BRAGGING about OBSTRUCTION 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
I didn’t know the English Bible is so different from the King James???Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
are you REALLY surprised by @SenateGOP traitorous #ImpeachmentTrial behavior? while Roy Cooper @NC_Governor and most Dems were away @NCGOP lied and held a vote anyway—and cut off their microphones this is who they are 
It's not just Medicare: Trump budget eyes Social Security cuts, too | 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during... 
Politics Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters ⁦@CNN⁩ lemon you are a repugnant disgrace to journalism,your personal political bias and lack of ethics&amp;integrity has clouded your judgement &amp; perspective on what should be fair&amp;accurate reporting! 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Yesss... Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" GEE IS ANYONE WONDERING WHY TRUMP AND COMPANY BALKED AT WORKING WITH WATCHDOG GROUP . BECAUSE WHAT TRUMP DID WAS PURE AND SIMPLY , ILLEGAL AND TRUMP KNEW IT . 
"7 shocking celebrity weight loss transformations" FOX NEWS 
Charles Payne: Bernie Sanders 'is a juggernaut right now' and Trump should not underestimate him According to Sweitzer’s book, Bernie and his family are working the system pretty crookedly. Fake LLC’s, huge salary for his wife and family members. IDK 
"Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics" 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
K.T. McFarland on Mueller probe: 'It's absolutely terrifying when they decide that they want to get somebody' 
Acquittal 👍👍👍👍GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Grow some backbone Senators! At some point in time American's can expect to have a bad president. Obviously that time has come. At least seek out the information you should... 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial This is all ridiculous.have you ever heard of a defendant bringing in witnesses for the prosecution? Never 
@MittRomney Stand up for the country he loved. We need #WitnessesAndDocuments if the truth is to be known. 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
There is no question that @realDonaldTrump is completely lacking any sense of decency and morals 
D.C. attorney general charges Trump inaugural committee enriched the family business 
@MingGao26 Chuck Rosenberg &amp; Admiral Stavridis are big fans of Gen. Kelly so what are we supposed to think? Why are these guys like Kelly and Mattis enigmas so late into the Trump interregnum? Is their safety in being enigmatic? @ericgarland @DirkSchwenk 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@BillOReilly Like polls. Try this one, Bill. 
🤔 He must have been speaking of Bolton’s manuscript. Likely the ONLY time he’s told the truth in his life. Cat’s out of the bag @POTUS &amp; @SenateGOP. Call witnesses! We demand a #FairTrial Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees If Bernie ever had a hope at beating Trump, the Dems just dashed those hopes in pieces. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #GOPCoverup #WeWillRememberInNovember 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | respond you this Poll 
Barbaric 
LISTEN: Audio recording appears to show President Trump order firing of the US ambassador to Ukraine. 
All of Trump's sycophants should come answer questions...truthfully. And Trump, too. #TrumpCrimeFamily Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
@MarshaBlackburn You are confused Senator. Allow me to help you: 
Why is Ted Cruz helping promote false Russian propaganda? Cruz, like far too many Republicans, has apparently decided it might help the White House to peddle this nonsense, and so they continue to do exactly that. #VoteBlue2020 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
#ICYMI-Rep. @AyannaPressley shares about having #alopecia, her struggle with hair loss @amjoyshow 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan| ⁦@MadisonSiriusXM⁩ ⁦@karenhunter⁩ ⁦@eugeneakers⁩ ⁦@AfroStateOfMind⁩ ⁦@thelauracoates⁩ ⁦@joyellenicole⁩ @SylKAlston⁩ ⁦@YNB 
There are so many explosive issues uncovered by @maddow,it screams for a #SpecialProsecutor, not appointed by Barr, but by @HouseIntel as there are concerns re depth of corruption. Lev Parnas untangles Dmytro Firtash role in Trump Ukraine scheme 
@FatherLeoFeeds the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet #Marine veteran #cybersecurity expert explains why cyber-warfare is now a common doctrine cyber-attacks #Iran, could cripple USA @BBC @WomenCSSociety @realDonaldTrump #Malware 
CONGRATS ON A 2-STATE SOLUTION PLAN - LET'S HOPE IT GETS DONE! : Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. @GoogleNews 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change A GAME? THIS IS NOT A GAME #JoeBiden 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted Reaction and analysis from House Minority Whip Steve Scalise and Rep. Lee Zeldin. 
Lara Trump says poll with high ratings for economy will be hard for Dems to run against 
REMOVE TRUMP THE DICTATOR 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack 
To ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ “you’ll never ever measure up to President Barack Obama.” Sharpton. This. Says. It. All. 
Asked whether he would accept the subpoena of the Bidens in exchange for a John Bolton testimony, Sen. Tester responded, “I think this makes a mockery of the whole impeachment ... Get the folks with the first hand knowledge." 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
A cybersecurity operator explains why cyber-warfare is now common, how cyber-attacks could cripple, and why a cyber-army is the cheapest army to mobilize. If you're not confident that your organization can stop a cyber-attack, contact us. We keep IT safe. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
.@SyracuseU Vice Chancellor @DrMikeHaynie spoke with this weekend about the new National Veterans Resource Center opening up at Syracuse University! Watch here: #BestPlaceForVeterans @SyracuseUNews @IVMFSyracuseU 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Here we go. This is what the #GOPShamTrial is all about. "Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
you just woke my husband. Pls do t have commercials on your site come up w sound automatically! 
Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wife's defense over 'hostile working environment' claims at palace 
@SenateGOP Fun Fact👉 Straight out of Fox American Pravda News... 80% want witnesses.. #DemandAFairSenateTrial #DemandWitnesses 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Op-ed author: The left is moving forward on nullifying the Electoral College 
National poll: US majority wants to see #Trump removed from office #ImpeachmentDay 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Trump, at packed NJ rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight ...While we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the Democrats are obsessed with demented hoaxes, crazy witch hunts, and deranged partisan crusades ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Romney says it’s very likely he’ll vote to call witnesses but he hasn’t made up his mind yet. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
☟ Winona Ryder visits birthplace of Winona, Minn., in Squarespace ad for Sunday's game #BreakingNews #foxnews ➽➽➽ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #FoxPolitics 
@thehill Bernie's Proudly Multicultural America campaign is going to destroy Trump's white nationalist Republicans. 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
Jan. 28, 2020 - 17:40 - CDC expands passenger screening to 20 airports in the U.S. in response to the coronavirus outbreak. Coronavirus Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight - 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for... 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@realDonaldTrump All Americans should listen to this: “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
From - Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished | //@Gennyxxxx 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Williamson boosting Yang in Iowa caucuses, likens his aura to a 'tuning fork' | 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" @realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr 
Keep pushing folks!! #IMPOTUS45 #ImpeachAndRemoveTrump 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn't want a fair trial 
@ Perhaps someone should tell her.... 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Lindsey doesn't seem to have a problem calling out everyone but Trump. He's like Trump, its everybody's else's fault. Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #Topbuzz 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing | 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare #CUTS On The Table! Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters, not laughing now| 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@billybass100 The video Jack Kingston getting taking down ... for lying on national television 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Cruise lines continue to cancel departures from China amid coronavirus outbreak 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
I’m elated we’re to share with you the news from #NewHampshire #DrainTheSwamp! This ⁦@GOP⁩ is no longer the weak Party of McCain &amp; Romney... and others like them. We need to be 💯 #Conservative to win and #MAGA #KAG 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Hahahah there goes jerk-off ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ losing his cool pointing and grabbing people’s coats. I’d bust his old ass teeth out! ⁦@drinksJDneat⁩ 
China refused an offer of assistance from the United States Center for Disease Control (CDC). Either they have it COMPLETELY under control OR they don't want foreigners to know the true extent of the problem. #coronavirus 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
@RepDougCollins NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Crazy chuck todd Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
Germany confirms first coronavirus case 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
@MarshaBlackburn Wilson talking about you. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Here are 5 key things that have happened during Day 1 of the Senate impeachment trial proceedings. 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify GOP can’t get away with trying to destroy our democracy and allowing the Russians to takeover. Only in their graves. 
@realDonaldTrump No laws broken! So what about that big GAO report! 
@JoyVBehar wouldn't know what a high crime was if it hit her in that arrogant smirking puss! @chuckwoolery @GOP @DNC Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' | 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary" They may accept it now however. 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' Well she’s an idiot for being pro life and democrat. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote : ANOTHER SUB-HUMAN BEING PAID TO DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING 
Senate%252520GOP%252520confident%252520effort%252520to%252520shut%252520down%252520calls%252520for%252520witnesses%25252C%252520evidence%252520will%252520be%252520%252527victorious%252527 
I'm starting to get a good feeling about the final outcome of this. It's not going the Republican's way... 'Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses' - #TakeHerOut 
Brian Williams, Sen. Angus King call out defense attorney Jay Sekulow's false flag argument on who interfered with US elections 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Well, the GOP should get rid of him. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
FEMA approves funds to rebuild hospital in Puerto Rico after teen's death 
Bigly, covfefe material...smdh. 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
But Trump is really against Corruption! LOLOL #TrumpWildwood #GOP @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenatorRomney #JoniErnst @LamarAlexander @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley #Michigan @SenJohnThune #Wisconsin @SenateGOP #Pennsylvania #OHIO #Arizona #Colorado 
@WynneWigderson @CoxHelp Now, please FFD to 2:11 in the following video. I chose the source, FOXNEWS, so you don't have to worry about it being from the "fake news" source: 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
BREAKING ...................#AmericansWantWitnesses #ImpeachedForLife #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify ANY SENATOR THAT WALKS OUT SHOULD NOT HAVE A VOTE SINCE THEY ARE SHOWING PARTIALITY. 
@Seekingtruthsee @theTrumpet_com @DrJamesLeigh @js_jacques @YouTube @realDonaldTrump @grant_turgeon @NRO As If B[u]y What This Revealed..#Lev Will Level The Playing Field? #Yovanovitch  "FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev #Parnas of alleged #Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner." Click here: 
i hope they all lose their license to practise law. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Americans love President Trump ❤️ 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Easy solution. Bolton and Trump both testify under oath. #Bolton #AmericansWantWitnesses #BoltonMustTestify #BoltonBombshell 
McCaskill Lied Under Oath: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice Roberta of the Supreme Court and lied 
Dear ⁦.@AOC⁩ even *public clubs* charge for services. No books by Milton Friedman on #BostonU campus? “There’s no such thing as a free lunch.” AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
Mitch McConnell lays out rules, schedule for Trump’s impeachment 
Since his defence lawyers lied their arses off during opening statements, I suspect that many people will have decided not to watch when they presented their defence arguments "'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
.@JoeNBC: "Where do we begin with Ken Starr? ... it was Ken Starr yesterday talking about how abuse of power is not sufficient to impeach a president. You need a crime. He literally dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave." 
@realDonaldTrump Trump's Fmr. WH Chief Of Staff John Kelly says he believes John Bolton on #UkraineExtortion "drug deal". #BoltonMustTestify #WitnessesAndDocuments 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
He plans on attacking what we depend upon... 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House - 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters You,@donlemon, are a liar. There was no joke. You were laughing at ‘credulous boomer rubes. Illiterate ‘credulous boomer rubes you do belittle people and you should be fired and forever branded a bigot 
@DGComedy Listening to these individuals speak about business and where to grab what they can .....I too question the #BusinessAcumen of the orange leader. 
PLEASE RETWEET and read Alert! NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci on efforts to contain, combat the coronavirus 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier Hiring low life people who traffic in rumor and fantasy opinions without fact checking is now a NYT byline ! 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
New book: Bannon called Pelosi ‘an assassin’ after she challenged Trump 
@Blossom_SAS @HucknLeberry @JENFL23 @BernieSanders Brazile was trying to sell her book. Warren was just parroting. bernie has come out publicly and said it was NOT rigged. #Factsmatter that link works #Obtuseberner 
The Senate should be ashamed of themselves. There is no way that they should not have 100% votes against this. Get rid of the Rhinos. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Sen. Murphy: Trump's legal team spent the entire day "castigating the Bidens ... they just want to turn the Senate floor into a mechanism for the president to be able to continue to destroy his political opponents." 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer #Topbuzz 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law THE IRANIAN GOVERNMENT IS NOT A FRIEND BUT AN ENEMY BUT THE IRANIAN PEOPLE ARE FRIENDS OF AMERICA 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial Six Senators must be ready for retirement 
"Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win" FOX NEWS 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
Make no mistake, Theocracy is coming to this country. It is what the Christian right wants and they will do whatever is necessary to bring it about. Limit your rights, force your participation, and subjugate anyone that disagrees. 
"I am guided by the data," author Harriet Washington says of research in new book. "In this case, economics is certainly a risk factor for being impacted disproportionately by these poisons, but race is a much larger one." 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Nothing but a game at our expense for these socialist dems... so sad. Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Another corrupt Democrat in another corrupt Democratic City you cannot accept illegal aliens or any kind of immigrants whatsoever until you clean up your mess 
Im just going to keep repeating myself. #TrumpsRemovalTrial #ShamTrial #ImpeachmentTrialRules #onewitness #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #DoNothingDemocrats #KenStarr #hunterbiden #nowObama #JoeBiden 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there’s ‘new evidence’ daily #SmartNews 
@TBusiness8: Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador #foxandfriends #foxnews #tcot #tlot Shared TweetCaster 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the first place 
lies, e.g., their distortion of their kangroo court facts; Domestic enemies of the USA &amp; our constitution. Few of you even see their overall game plan; overthrow USA! Their cronies &amp; pundits use at least 5 KGB tactics to influence your weak minds! 
In the semifinals, she'll play either top-ranked Ash Barty, the French Open champion who is aiming to break an Australian drought at the national championship, or two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova, who reached the final here last year. 
@springsjean @GotJACKd @jasonMAGAsmith He was asked to participate; he refused. 
⁦@SenSchumer⁩ is a disgusting disgrace to America and our great President &amp; Family. He should be sued for defamation. The @dnc motto is “DO AS I SAY NOT AS I DO”. ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Germany confirms first coronavirus case 
Ivanka Trump and sr White House adviser, had some uncharacteristically strong criticism on Tuesday after a CNN panel slid into suggesting President Trump's supporters were dumb. Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
@girlsreallyrule He did complain. He instructed staff to go to the NSC lawyers. 
WATCH: Is the Bolton revelation a smoking gun or an Access Hollywood moment? 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Giant 'thunder lizard' dinosaurs may have walked on their front feet only, findings reveal 
@RepMikeJohnson The tides are finally turning. Even republican/conservative groups are getting sick and tired of your ilk, and are letting others know it. From the Lincoln Group: 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Ugh...Trump can't count 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president 
.@MaddowBlog: McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial 
Look what I saw in the "Live " app: 
@NewsandGuts agrees the attacks on Biden 
Vote this bastard out of office! "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment Thats an understatement ! 
"Nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, would rise to the level of an abuse of power, or an impeachable offense," Dershowitz said. "That is clear from the history. That is clear from the language of the Constitution." 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
@iamteeteetoo @BridgetFlynn921 @natalierthom So now as to the "alt right libertarian trojan horse" - he's not "alt-right" anything, but if you want to know why SOME of them joined the bandwagon (and hopefully became better people because of it) 
Sen. Cruz shoots down reporter for suggesting his children should be in prison 
Take the poll! 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Now is the time for courage for Adam,Pelosi to lead and vote for Trump.Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
As @chucktodd points out, House impeachment managers brought up Biden’s name 168 times during their arguments yesterday. 
"with the precision of a skee-ball roller". That's a new one 🤣🤣🤣 #ImpeachmentHoax #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpRallyWildwood Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
OMG...This is disgusting! WAKE UP LIBERALS!!! Podesta? Barney Frank??? GET REAL! 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Proposed House bill urges NASA to delay putting US boots back on the moon until 2028 #news 
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenTedCruz Dude - Two hours? How about three years of corruption from the current location? How about indictments, guilty pleas and convictions? Tired of all this "winning." 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
California cop wows crowd with salsa dancing skills 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
WATCH NOW: House Democrats to wrap up their opening statements today 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
@jaketapper @OrenCNN San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' The last 3 years the Dem has lost a lot of credibility the ways they go after Trump, a duly elected POTUS. They attack not only Trump but also the heart of Democracy 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
@SecPompeo Kind of embarassing that Lev probably had more to do with Foreign Policy than you, eh? #PompeoResign #PompeoMeltdown 
These Muslims must be happy with the beatings of woman. They are actually members of US CONGRESS!! How sad is that !!!!! ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ ⁦@RepPressley⁩ 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books? This is How Republican senators are entertaining themselves during the trial? Seriously? @nbcnews. 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
@SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @JRubinBlogger Hey #MoscowMitch &amp; Quisling GOP Senators Enabling a #AmericasCriminalPresident: New ABC Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
Elizabeth Warren wants to nullify all of Middle America's votes! That is CRAZY! Retweet this tweet, add your @handle...follow all those who comment below/ bookmark this page and check back to follow more. Follow me @CeeBeesHeart ❤️ 
How Trump has made both Ukraine and the U.S. more corrupt 
WATCH NOW: Sen. Stabenow: Not the Senate's job 'to further [Trump]'s politics' 
#Republicans #who #StoodUp for #UkraineAid #quiet on #Trump #scheme #News #GOP #Corruption #PadOff #TrumpRussia #Russian #Putin #Puppets #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Impeachment #Trial 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight. 
@Tomaspain2 @JohnCornyn This is a b.s. argument. He's not protecting anyone but himself 
Let's make this trend shall we and show the left once and for all that we aren't playing around with them anymore. #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 
#SenateImpeachmentTrial. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Good for You Rand Paul ! Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid IF TRUE...John Kelly is a Disgrace to his Uniform, WH Role &amp; as a Human Being. Bolton is NO Better. 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
You should know this—Bernie Sanders rails about the common good but “public service” has made him (and his family) rich for years. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
More manatees were killed by Florida boaters in 2019 than ever before 
House managers say impeachment is 'not about Donald Trump' but 'our Constitution' #SenateCoverup #TrumpIsGuilty ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ #MidnightMitchCoverup #GOPTraitors 
Feinstein is so ridiculous to say: “Impeachment isn’t about one offense," she said, . "It’s really about the character and ability and physical and mental fitness of the individual to serve the people, not themselves.” What is the high crime? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House #UnfitToBePresident 
@outlazymedia @Yamiche He was asked abt it prior to today's hearing (saw it on ). This might have it, my desktop dislikes loading video... 
Brought to you by “The religion of peace” 😡. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@realDonaldTrump u haven't an idea what 'sleazebag' is -you're a mile BELOW that on almost all levels , maybe you should stick to what you do best 03:33 Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 02:28 Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight #Trump 
In an @NBCNews poll, 40% of Americans wanted to see taxes go to #Healthcare. #Education came in first with Americans favoring tax dollars being spent in this area. 
Nicolle Wallace breaks down the defense presented by President Trump's legal team: "They never disputed the fact pattern ... by the end, they weren't even really disputing what the results should be." 
Disney brings sporks back to Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge, but this time, for sale 
#ICYMI- analyst @DavidCornDC argues why ‘abuse of power’ is 100% impeachable @amjoyshow 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@MagniAnon Ah! Here she is! Lol Democratic presidential candidate Rep. Gabbard has filed a defamation lawsuit against Hillary Clinton, claiming that Clinton "carelessly and recklessly impugned" her reputation with "favorite of the Russians" comments. 
@GOPLeader Well since we're on the topic of lies... 
Oops Martha! New ad from conservative group criticizes Sen. McSally 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing They will be crying in, November.❤️🇺🇸 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
My money is still on Parnas having the Pee Pee tape. 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Trump touts court ruling allowing military funds for border wall construction 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court. #JeffreyEpsteindidntkillhimself 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away | how the FUCK can anywhere have a law that BANS raising wages or paying other benefits to workers? How the f is that a FREE country? 
The most compelling case EVER for the removal of a president. We agree. #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #AdamSchiffROCKS 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
White House may assert executive privilege to block Bolton testimony, Republicans say 
@welligotbanned @RepLeeZeldin Try again 
Former Belgium King Albert II admits he fathered child in extramarital affair over 50 years ago. Europe is SO sophisticated...🤮 
@rodrigosz Also, unsurprisingly, your numbers are completely off. 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez | 
Trump allies talk up Bernie Sanders as his numbers surge in Iowa 
We always complain that we don't get polled, so here's your chance to take one and make your voice known, now take it! Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede Great idea 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is a POS! Wake up America. ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@BenSasse⁩ ⁦@SenatorBraun⁩ ⁦@SenMikeLee⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski 
1/4 Today #IMPOTUS Trump publicly praised @SecPompeo for his unprofessional attack on a @NPR reporter Kelly. Pompeo, embarrassed by Kelly’s question on Amb Yovanovich, yelled and cursed her; berated her off-camera #ImpeachmentTrial #AbuseOfPower 
Regarding new developments that Sen. Mitch McConnell may not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial, Chuck Schumer says "I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play." 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
It's a book! Make Bolton testify under oath. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Ken Starr, a Trump defense team member who served as the independent counsel investigating former President Clinton, laments his view that the US is now in the "age of impeachment." 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
@PaulGavigan4 @ABC You need to watch this: 
#SaturdayMorning #SaturdayMotivation #SaturdayVibes #stream #SaturdayThoughts #PompeoResign #PompeoMeltdown #PompousPompeo #PompeoIsATraitor Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
There’s damn good reason to doubt that Bolton has anything more to prove guilt! Sham! Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton. 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad - NBC News @nuzzel thanks @jentaub 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
They want to rule this country. 
LATEST: China expands lockdowns to cover 10 cities with a total of about 33 million people. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
@realDonaldTrump It just sucks for you their witnesses hurt your case 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Pretty warped and sick! 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries 
@Morning_Joe @JoeBiden Why would #Beau running. #Nepotism what a mess. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
👇👀 Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Sandbagged again! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@IlhanMN This is quite interesting, and can be verified through the FBI database. Plus, you married your brother in order to get citizenship here. #TrojanHorse #GuiltyIlhan 
Here is reality Congresswoman. Why is this ok? @IlhanMN @RashidaTlaib @realDonaldTrump Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Oh look @SpeakerPelosi. You taught him well. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Wish there was more honest consideration, as modeled by Angus King in #Maine. We'll see where @SenatorCollins votes. We believe she'll cave in to trump, as usual. #trumpCrimes Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Honored beyond measure that our podcast "Bag Man" is receiving a DuPont Award at Columbia Journalism School @columbiajourn tonight. #duPont2020 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
@BeingPractical Old habit - finding it hard to change for some reason. Maybe muscle memory. 
"If Pres. Trump really hopes to be exonerated, they're going to have to allow some additional witnesses," Sen. Coons says. "Simply arguing the Constitution doesn't allow us to impeach someone for this sort of abuse of power ... I don't think holds water" 
Thursday's Mini-Report, 1.23.20 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Oh cool 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
Nice little DemocRAT! Lyndon Johnson was a civil rights hero. But also a racist. 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
Suzy! straighten up Fly-right or lose your seat and be tried for treason! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@JohnCornyn The aid was only released once Trump knew about the whistle-blower's complaint. You have to really work hard to achieve this level of cognitive dissonance, Senator. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Friday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.24.20 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Why are the Democrats so worried? What are they hiding ? Schumer: Hunter Biden can tell us 'nothing' about Trump's conduct 
Giuliani associate Lev Parnas tells maddow: "It was never about corruption. It was strictly about Burisma, which included Hunter Biden and Joe Biden." 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews #TrumpHumor 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Time to acquit President Trump! 1 hr · With several Democrats openly floating the possibility they might vote to acquit President Trump, congressional Republicans "Plan B" strategy in the event demand additional witnesses, has learned. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 7500 inside and many thousands outside! 
Flip the poll @CarpeDonktum 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support #news 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Trump's Ukraine call transcript: Read the document | 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views The tyranny of a very minuscule minority . 
49ers' Dee Ford focused on Super Bowl LIV, puts 2018 AFC Championship behind him #8a259096f92c5445b604b08ed7f5e6a6 
Succession (or splitting off) requires Congress' OK. Doubt it"ll ok. CA has explored this for years. But if they succeed, I'd move to new conservative state. West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
"It’s like watching someone sitting in front of all their friends and asking them if they should send you to jail, and you know they are going to say no.” As impeachment trial enters second week, some Americans are changing the channel. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" {The truth of the Biden attacks in the Senate impeachment proceedings} 
Tomb of Iron Age mystery man discovered in Italy. And there's a chariot inside. 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' Yes in deed we have a brainless criminal in our White House named DonaldTrump 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Mitch McConnell at nexus of increased Russian leverage on U.S. 
"Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant" So now it doesnt matter that a sitting POTUS uses taxpayer $ to pressure an ally, that there shld not be any repercussions?? WTF IS THAT! 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
- WOW Great Presentation Rep Schiff ----- @senrobportman @SenatorRomney @SenThomTillis @SenToomey @SenMikeLee @SenatorCollins @SenMcSallyAZ @lisamurkowski @SenPatRoberts @CoryGardner @SenJohnBarrasso @SenAlexander @SenateGOP @SenToddYoung @SenTedCruz @VP 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims @ TRUMP MUST BE REMOVED!!! 
@SenAlexander who's running foreign policy? Foreign governments, donors, Lev. Do your job. 
Sen. King: It's 'bizarre' if Bolton is not brought in to testify 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change So Ed What do you think???maybe it’s time to Walk Away..... 
Crying chucky: one of far too many shameless dims. Anything to win, including lies, falsehoods, and fantasies. Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees. ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ just can’t seem to shake this dead skin. #DNCconvention 
@saradani @dire_wolves @Rosiecvec @PeachyKnitter62 @Rennibeth13 @GGforthepeople @emiranda_writes @WillieEverstop @Flora_Lola_NYC @faecaim @Needle_of_Arya @caveatofcass @TiredInOR4Now @pissyrabbit @MsRCRTeaches @filsdelucie1 @freeandclear1 @SoFearMe @WolvesforKamala @BeninBiloxi @SethPalooka @Kacey325 @return_carriage @Ndreajess @RogueRegulated @Seca74584484 @Like_H2O @PrezHillary17 @FF_fanster @TheGeoffey @Kristina_Why @mitchellscomet @CpRiskman @PinkPinkpetunia @matryoskadoll @plpolitics @DavidofSeattle @lindzlizbeth @ladyasrai @WeWillRiseUpOH @nicdhana @alissakmclean @ReginaA1981 @OhChelleYeah @bbowers73 @KarlyRican @KatsKlawss @CatherineCrean4 @notaxationwore1 @xtine_mac Here’s the link to the full audio by Parnas. It’s 1:25 or so long. You know - Parnas. The guy #3 doesn’t know, never met, has no idea that he exists? 🤔😏 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@RaheemKassam Let’s call a spade a spade @donlemon , typical elitist 
This give me hope! Megan Dawson Jaffe your home town gets shit done! 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring 
Herbert wins 1st European Tour title on Australia Day 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police Cops at it again. Shooting handcuffed and restrained suspects. With no weapons by the way. Deadly force &amp; abuse of power. Wow. ⁦@HowieCarrShow⁩ ⁦@G_CURLEY⁩ ⁦ 
🔥 Must-see: @JoeNBC annihilates Donald Trump’s debunked conspiracy theory about @JoeBiden. 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
@DLoesch @realDonaldTrump Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
@SenateGOP Obstruction much? 
From Kobe to Bolton, a weekend of major news 
@meangeneone1 @DawsonSField hook looks to be set 
@JJSpringer6 Not according to Fox... 
Crime surged in South Bend, Indiana under Mayor Pete Buttigieg Like Most Democrat Ran Cities. 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table #All you Trump Lovers better wake up . The Elderly is about to take it painfully from Republicans 
I’m tell you right now..you’ll NEVER flog women in America..we’ll rise up and kick your asses.. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Bloomberg jumps to fourth place in new national poll 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Big tech on the side of the 1% vs the peoples of the world 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo 
President Trump set to reveal Middle East peace plan 
What is democratic socialism? 
A firearm would end this abuse ...... Coming to an American city near you soon ....... Are your daughter's prepared 🤔🤔 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
REPUBLICANS QUESTION SCHIFF. Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
It's tough being mentally limited, she's confused between immigration and law breaking illegals, it's sad to know we have citizens who actually voted for Cortez, I wonder what they think about that decision now that her IQ level has been exposed 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
@ you morons even did apiece on Sanders and Chris Matthews made an ass of himself AND your entire outfit on Morning Joe this morning. "Bernie would do nothing.." What a bunch of idiots. I'd frankly be embarrassed to work in that environment. 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer calls on Senate Republicans to vote for John Bolton testimony. 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
And Cheetolini minimized them as soldiers just having headaches. 
"Charles Schumer is saying that there are US Senators who are actually learning something from the trial, because there are US Senators who live in la la Fox News land literally. They aren’t pretending to be dumb, they actually are." 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
@RepAdamSchiff Do as we say not as we do! The Democratic socialist party &amp; schifforbrains lie about supporting Jews &amp; Israel 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Florida man known for viral Easter bunny brawl arrested after hit-and-run, tells cops to ‘Google’ him: police #mssnews 
Army son surprises mom at work after deployment: 'I've been planning this for years' 
Finding himself in a hole, #PompousPompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
the great DISTRACTION 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
@MeghanMcCain @CNN Let’s not forget the young man who was assaulted by Lemon!! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
@SenCoryGardner See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
Lol. It already is. 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Feinstein vote: "It’s really about the character and ability and physical and mental fitness of the individual to serve the people, not themselves". So based on her opinion, not facts? ”Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
"Did you hear THE CONWAY WEST SONG, mom?" at 34:00 tstamp. #TrumpCrowd #LevParnas #LevTape @josephabondy 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor - 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@SecPompeo You couldn't answer Mary Louise Kelly's questions, but she could answer yours. 🤣😂🖕 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Bolton should be hauled into court for obstruction of justice. If he has evidence he wants to present don't put it in a book; give testimony in court. He's a fraud!Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' | 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Damn Socialist! 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
No matter what has taken place in the trial so far, Republican Senators cannot afford to lose sight that the president abused his power and obstructed Justice. 
McConnell does not have enough votes. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #cndpoli 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
What is Trump thinking? Two men who’ve worked for him weigh in 
@SethAbramson Asked by CNBC’s Joe Kernen whether “entitlements” would ever end up on his plate, Trump replied, “At some point they will be…. And at the right time, we will take a look at that.” 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Republican senators mull over witnesses after Trump defense team wraps up opening statements 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight the App 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Trump's self-image takes precedence in White House business: book 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Jon Stewart is right on this one. Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
@realDonaldTrump I don’t think that pathological lying thing is working out too well for you. 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ #Topbuzz 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Sen McConnell you will lose control of the senate if you mishandle these hearings. Socialists getting who they want = Biden’s, Schiff &amp; WB’er 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment ⁦@HouseDemocrats⁩ 
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump "Lies" you say Ronna. 😕 Are you sure? Are you really really sure? #JohnBolton 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Sailing on the Trumptanic...question is who will survive? 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
What's it like to write history as it happens? We discuss #AVeryStableGenius with @CarolLeonnig and @PhilipRucker. #11thHour 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Rep. Lieu on War Powers Resolution: 'This is going to be a bipartisan vote' 
#5a6e40d6cb2358b593242130a21a5fec #foxnewsmedia Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
@senatemajldr @realDonaldTrump We Want Witnesses and Documents.. By the PEOPLE For the PEOPLE.. Not By Donald Trump for Donald Trump 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
FFS the Republican bogus "corruption" argument has been destroyed so many times over the last few months "On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' All because she dared to go back at the Wildebeest. She needs to watch her back now. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Shocking🙄 
@russelldamussel @The_Taterade I disagree Compromising with Republicans is a one way street. There is no need at this moment in time to give in to a radical right wing faction of government. 
The 'Russia First' no evidence trial continues on. 
Words fail me 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
LATEST: Plane carrying Americans from coronavirus-hit China lands in Alaska before traveling to California. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@SpeakerPelosi @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump Nancy clean up the shit hole known as San Francisco San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@michael_borne @thomasmahar1 @cantru05 @SenSanders You don't even know the difference between what Democratic socialist stands for.and socialism. They are NOT tge same. 
Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
They call it "Texodus:" Why some Texas Republicans aren't running for re-election. @nbcnews 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenMcSallyAZ (Republican hack) @tedcruz @marcorubio @SenatorCollins stop protecting the liar @realDonaldTrump . He’s making America a weak nation in the name of Putin!! 
How Russian trolls weaponized social media @nbcnews 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
President Obama cautions against cancel culture 
White House: Bolton Ukraine claims are untrue, timing is 'very suspect' 
actions scream louder than Words! Image if you will we would never have known how deep @realDonaldTrump s betrsyals went if not for House Democrats @bitchmcconnell6 does not care about America or the constitution either was he there too? Was this the 1sr 
@MaddowBlog You reported @realDonaldTrump and @DonaldJTrumpJr legal fees were to be covered by the political donations. Who is paying for the presidents legal fees now?! The American people? 
@ericswalwell Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Full audio recording. #LetsAskLev 
"During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory" (Their defence? The continuing impotent, contrived fantasy of a sick man and those in perverse collusion.) 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' #Topbuzz 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
"Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops" FOX NEWS 
Chris Murphy: Trump defense 'helped our case to win a vote on witnesses' 
Confusing. Apparently China rejected USA CDC offer to assist with coronavirus situation. But news reports say that American scientists are helping China develop a vaccine. It doesn't add up Why does China accept individual scientists but refuse CDC? 
@jp_jeannie @too2_i @seanhannity @AlanDersh @jasoninthehouse @AriFleischer @LindseyGrahamSC @RepDougCollins @DevinNunes @RepMikeJohnson @mercedesschlapp @KatiePavlich @GeraldoRivera Watch this interview of Les Parnas. It will provide insight into more evidence regarding Trump's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight "...While we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the congressional Democrats are obsessed with demented hoaxes, crazy witch hunts, and deranged partisan crusades." ..." 
Now this is just mean. If you have bed bugs, keep them to yourselves; or even better yet, call us! #bedbugs #benice Police investigate after bed bugs released in Pennsylvania Walmart 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump, Dead corpes being draged from the grave with tractors, they dead. @NBCNews 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | Video 
'Multiple victims' in downtown Seattle shooting, suspect at large 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Sue or remove from office. I'm okay with either! 
Because they’re rigging it for joe this year! Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
What did we learn on day one of the Trump impeachment trial arguments? #11thHour 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash my sincerest condolences to the family. And to the media and all please leave them alone to grieve. 
"The picture is getting worse for the president, not better: CNN polls have been asking respondents since June 2018 whether Trump should be impeached and removed from office, and the latest 51% finding is the highest to date." #ImpeachmentTrial 
@LynnUpton10 @crackersnatch @ThePlumLineGS @RepAdamSchiff Research is your boy trump looking into a camera and saying it. But there could be a silver lining. He lies about everything, hopefully that’s just lie number 14,000 something.... In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion #Topbuzz 
Our country has been hijacked! #Senate - get it together! Do your job. Ethically. We shouldn't have to ask you to do that - but we are. That alone underscores just how corrupt the GOP has become. #impeachment 
How dangerous could John Bolton possibly be for Trump? 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Your boy is on sabbatical from Infowars so please ingest tonight #FishingForRobots #Eris #ImWithHer #Jobs #HealthyRecipes #ImWithHer #Eris #Eris #Hunting #HillaryEmail #ImWithHer #RewardsPoints #RewardsPoints #Pittsburgh #Eris #Hockey 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 240 early Wednesday. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede West Virginia's Republican governor urged counties in Virginia that are unhappy with their state's Democratic majority to secede and join his state. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@Acosta did ya rattle too?? Biased commentator not even worth the title of journalist 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant month, humiliating Don Lemon, Anderson Cooper 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished - @GoogleNews 
Every major disease that is killing us in first-world nations now have strong causal links to a lack of sleep. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Morning Joe nails it: 'A #ConfederacyOfDunces defends Trump' - #TuesdayThoughts 
California case of coronavirus is 3rd confirmed in US 
This is why the Democrats are so desperate to remove the President from office. Their idiots running for President couldn't fill a baby's playpen. Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote It’s ok to vote with your head 
Was Yovanovitch stalker Robert Hyde at this dinner? Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza I love Pres Trump!!!!!!! Where is HIS Nobel Peace Prize? Obama NEVER did anything but hate Israel, pay Terrorists- he gets the award? WHY? Soros pay? 
"Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wife's defense over 'hostile working environment' claims at palace" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base Unfortunately They must remain quarantined 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
I love it when American voters call these socialist hacks out for what they are! 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Klobuchar responds to reports that senators have been caught sleeping during President Trump's impeachment trial: "I just don’t know why they would have this job and come here if they’re not going to protect the Constitution." 
@OzForBernie June 2018: 
After days of fidget spinners, GOP senators ‘attentive’ during team Trump presentation 
Graham never met Graham? "I’m not coming to the UK to speak against anybody, I’m coming to speak for everybody," Graham wrote."The Gospel is inclusive." 
@POTUS @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle some of the Democratic senators are getting smart. 
Poll: #BernieSanders jumps to lead nationally among nondefault voters 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
@realDonaldTrump You and Rudy just keep talking. 
Washington Post reinstates reporter, concludes Kobe Bryant tweets didn't violate social media policy 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rachel Maddow Posted: Explaining why he was so pleased with the start of his #Impeachment trial, Donald #Trump said, "Honestly, we have all the "#Material.' They don't have the material." It's worth considering what in the world that means. 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch 
UPDATE: US federal health officials say a case of the coronavirus from China has been diagnosed in Seattle, according to reports. 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 Love this Outcome!! 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Dershowitz slams Maxine Waters: Founding Fathers 'expressly rejected' her 'lawless view' on impeaching Trump 
@kgopinion His track record may not be great 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
THANK YOU!!!!! "Whatever is going on in terms of messaging from Washington [and] what the political tribes are supposed to believe and supposed to want from this—it's not working," Rachel Maddow says about polls that show Americans support the idea... 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump loves Europe soooo much.. #Trump #Parnas #Tape Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
More REAL NEWS the #FakeNewsMedia fails to REPORT on..... #KAG2020 🇺🇸 Suicide rate increased 40 percent in US from 2000-2017, mining, construction workers at highest risk: CDC report 
Sean Hannity: Democrats are already running out of things to say in Senate impeachment trial 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses 
Trent England: Elizabeth Warren wants to nullify the Electoral College -- and silence Middle America 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
Chuck Schumer: Republicans were fixated on Schiff during powerful close 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
China refused help from CDC because the situation in Wuhan is much worse than they’ve announced and they don’t want the world to know. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested The shitty by the bay 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
President Trump announced that he will release details of his long-awaited Middle East peace plan. The proposal will be unveiled in the next few days, Trump said, as he also invited PM Netanyahu and his domestic rival, Benny Gantz, to the White House 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
How Bernie Sanders supporters shut down a Donald Trump rally in Chicago 
"Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered" I'm betting that the archaeologists there are, as they say, "over the moon" with this find. I would be, too! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested California needs our POTUS more than ever 
Taxpayers can save $100 billion a year Show us the money. #SCOTUS #PublicChargeRule l 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Tuesday’s Campaign Round-Up, 1.28.20 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
: Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base. 
Lt. Col. Vindman on America: 'This is America... here, right matters' 
#GOP #MoreEyes MONDAY than #WEEKEND #LIE CRIMINAL #OBFUSCATION #NO WORK ON WEEKENDS #Americans AT #HOME WATCHING TV #Monday WORKDAY #LESS OF #US TO SEE #GOPLies #TraitorTrump #TraitorsSupportTraitorTrump #SenateOnTrial #PBSNEWS #PBSNEWSHOUR #MTP # 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #BernieTheCrook #Fraud 
Biden, Sanders on the rise in new Iowa polling 
Most #viral News Now: San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' As a Christian/vet/Trump supporter, I wear it as a badge of HONOR that these fools would mock me. 
blob: 
Trump-hating MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, cuts White House remarks to cover impeachment 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
spurned: To spurn means to reject with disdain. Originally, to spurn was to kick away. Though it's not used in that context so often anymore, being spurned still feels like a kick in the gut. 
@tim_nicolai @BoobyJargon @LarcyRaLosa @ehnottooxabi @gelliottmorris If you read what I wrote, and you searched for that article to rebut what I wrote, then you didn't understand the basic 3rd grade English I used, and I would recommend you try again. Also: 
@jediwinetrick @brad_polumbo And yet they were also declared invalid. Are we trying to have our cake without eating our salad here? 
@realDonaldTrump 14. On December 15, 2016, while Obama was Supposedly President of USA, his Birth Certificate from Hawaii was Proven False, Forgery Beyond any Doubt after a five-year study. Direct Video Evidence: Video, Channel 10 Phoenix, Arizona. The end. 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', ... 
Everything in these rules is rigged: Sen. Schumer 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Democrats call for tolerance and inclusion. Sure. 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
@SenateGOP @SenJoniErnst @GOPLeader As Joni Ernst let's the cat out of the bag about the Biden circus in the Senate... Let's all remember what Benghazi was really about. And Hillary was innocent. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. @realDonaldTrump @PressSec @senatemajldr @Jim_Jordan @LindseyGrahamSC — And the GOP wants us to believe Trump was concerned about corruption in Ukraine? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump 
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe Disingenuous? Watch and listen.....! 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Under cover of anonymity they'll do the right thing. The New Republican Patriotism. 
@AriMelber "We just watched #KenStarr punch himself in the face" 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia 
WEAK RINO'S Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law OMG-Indonesia allows this to happen. 
Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj gets 25 years to life in prison for child rape | 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
WOW !! THIS Clip just goes to Prove how Immature, Hostile And UNWorthy @CNN @donlemon &amp; his guest Cronies really are !! This clip should Anger EVERY American in this Country AND Abroad !! It doesn't matter if You are a ( CNN panel mocks Trump supporters) 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
In all objective honesty, why would the DNC support Bernie? He’s an independent and not part of the Democratic Party. He’s a loser who is using the DNC for his own personal benefit. 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Republicans are disgusting 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
He ignores there’s tapes now, won’t why honored ambassador removed, or why there was smear campaign by Rudy, or surveillance by parnas/Hyde @cohrrencefan 
"Whatever is going on in terms of messaging from Washington [and] what the political tribes are supposed to believe and supposed to want from this—it's not working," @maddow says about polls that show Americans support the idea of hearing from witnesses. 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
This is the media that only about quarter of USA trusts according to polls. ⁦@MSNBC⁩ ⁦⁦@HardballChris⁩ Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person | ⁦@hardball⁩ ⁦@Morning_Joe⁩ #senile 
@potus look! It’s a poll in favor of you ...leaving office! #BadWords #SoManyWords 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Michigan must be so proud of their America hating hobgoblin. 
Creeping up to a town by you??? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Ivanka Trump Defends Trump Supporters... she is right! Trump Supporters are much smarter than the Average! 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump bullshit #Rexwasright 
Arkansas Republican calls for stopping flights to China over virus the App 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' No @JudgeNap, they should identify the creepy DS Leaker and crucify him, legally of course, on the front lawn of the White House. 
Trump nightmare: Rebelling ex-aides testify at trial 
'If he only had a conscience, but at least his ego may take a beating Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party | 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | They're going all-in with deplorable. 
Trump ready to cut #SocialSecurity. Pay attention to this and #ImpeachmentTrial at the same time. #TrumpTrain that means he’s cutting yours too. In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table | 
CNN is disgusting. Can’t hide their distain for Americans and their support of Trump. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
@AmBeautifulShow @D_woodland @RobertMaguire_ You don't track someone's movements if you are only going to fire her. 
They seem nice. Coming soon to a city near you. Brought to you by liberals in America. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Can't have the USCDC Expose the Corruption in CHINA! 
: Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper... 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators he doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses #AAG #AAG2020 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Mother Battling ALS Types Debut Novel With Her Eyes 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
@WhiteHouse hell no! Let that fat bastard come talk to a man like that! NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
WHY IS The News Media Ignoring This? Adam Schiff-Ukraine Connection With Arms Dealer Pasternak Does Schiff Have His Hands In The Corrupt Money Pot With Ukraine? While Trying To Accuse Trump With a Ukraine Hoax Scandal? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
ESPN anchor's tribute to Kobe being a "girl dad" goes viral #JimAndSam 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@robbystarbuck @prageru @March_for_Life is the real women’s march Supports women’s motherhood safe healthcare education,career human rts of her children Abortion exploits women for profit cover up rape harms&amp;kills women&amp;girls says women cant succeed unless she kills her children 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' ⁦@seanhannity⁩ His publisher won’t let him, it would destroy his book deal. 
Attorneys settle Trump University fraud case for $25M | 
This here reminds me of the Lord of the Rings scene where Ent Treebeard (Fangorn) responds “Don’t be hasty” as the forest burns up, in this case ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ response to the burning of our Constitution. #WitnessesAndDocuments #Trump 
TRUMP'S IDIOT LAWYERS TRYING TO HAVE IT BOTH WAYS!!! "Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
That is not the point, Senator. You're not getting off that easily. His testimony will qualify Trump's motive for calling the Ukraine in the first place, a legitimate concern. 
"A Very Stable Genius" sold out around me, on back-order now. I'm getting it next week. It's described as a "comic horror story." Also, it sheds light on the Barr-Mueller sparring. "A Very Stable Genius" details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program Deport All Traitors DeportSaudis At NavalBases,Deport illegal FreeLoadersOnWelfare StopTheGravyTrain Free4All 4,DemocraticVOTES ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG2020 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
#Trump #ImpeachmentTrial Defense Day 2 Also learned @Maddow that Sen Angus King (I-ME) told Mary Louise Kelly of #NPR he thinks there are 5-10 Republican senators who would vote for witnesses. Looks like leak boomeranged. More: #ImpeachmentTrials 
RCLS fellow Bob Bauer on @ sharply disagreed with Alan Dershowitz’s position on the standard for impeachable offenses: 
Which would be the whole state except maybe one or 2 counties near DC 🤔 maybe... #Virginia 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia" 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Does soros and gates have anything to do with this? ⁦@SecAzar⁩ ⁦@CDCgov⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #SmartNews 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Go 
President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
The time Mar-a-Lago got $17M for nonexistent hurricane damage 
The majority of 🇺🇸 citizens will be very angry indeed at the #GOPCoverup enabled by the #GOPComplicitTraitors in the Senate. "National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Schumer: Bolton testimony 'goes right to the heart of the charges against the president' 
: Reddit bride slammed for asking 'ginger' bridesmaid to dye hair for wedding: 'It will clash' : Reddit bride slammed for asking 'ginger' bridesmaid to dye hair for wedding: 'It will clash'. 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Travel Ban Travel Ban Travel Ban It’s Spreading a Like A BrushFire in China’s America Dies Not Need This Threat ⁦@CDCgov⁩ #AmericaFirst 
Report: Sen. Toomey proposing ‘one-for-one’ witness swap at impeachment trial 
@LindseyGrahamSC Senator what do you and #MitchMcConnell intend to do about it now that #JohnBolton has confessed to what the president was up to? 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 🔥🔥 
Always in Florida... Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 
"There’s really only one class of individuals who speak like that: Mobsters." - Legal analyst Chuck Rosenberg on recording in which a voice apparently belonging to Pres. Trump orders aides to "get rid" of Amb. Yovanovitch. 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's... 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador AMERICA LISTEN 
The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 
What the hell took so long??!! BREAKING: FEMA has approved $39.5M in funds to help Vieques, Puerto Rico, rebuild its only hospital; the move comes nearly 3 years after the small island's health center was destroyed by Hurricane Maria. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities... All democratic mayors.... coincidence? #democratsdontcare #Trump2020 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" GEE , YOU WOULD THINK THEY WOULD NOT BE AFRAID OF BOLTON , AS TRUMP REQUIRES ABSOLUTE LOYALTY, YEAH RIGHT , BOLTON MAY BE GETTING A 2 MILLION ADVANCE ON HIS BOOK .&amp;TRUMP TREMBLES 
On calls for more witnesses, Senator Chuck Schumer says, "A majority of Republicans, close to 60% of Republicans, think witnesses and documents are fair." 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Corruption runs deep with @theDemocrats San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@IlhanMN @RashidaTlaib What say you? 
👠👠Fox special takes an inside look at #PrinceHarry and #MeghanMarkle as they step back from royal duties Jan. 29, 2020 - ‘Harry &amp; Meghan: The Royals in Crisis' explores the couple's unprecedented move. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #msnbc #cnn #amjoy ⁦@JRubinBlogger⁩ ⁦@glennkirschner2⁩ ⁦@SykesCharlie⁩ #velshi ⁦@DavidCornDC⁩ ⁦@BillKristol⁩ 
‘Bill Hemmer Reports’ goes where the news is being made: ‘It gives you perspective’ 
Las Vegas welcome sign to light up in purple and gold to honor Kobe Bryant, crash victims 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
@Never0u812 cause he's told 16,000 lies in 3 years? cause he's been a life-long con man? cause he keeps breaking the law? 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' John Bolton just threw away his conservative base. GOOD LUCK, John, coordinating w @RepAdamSchiff Your new DEM socialist friends loved Obama's Iran deal #KAG 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
A trial has witnesses and documents. This is called EVIDENCE. Without those things, an acquittal does not exonerate the president, it makes those senators who vote to acquit complicit to the coverup. If it was a perfect call, Mr. President,... 
Robert Ray: It's time to trust in the senators, abide by their wisdom #AAG #AAG2020 
Dr. Marc Siegel sounds alarm over China's 'reckless' and 'really scary' response to coronavirus 
Chris Matthews: Not one Republican defended Trump’s character during the impeachment debate 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
#Puppy #Bowl 2020: Where to watch and what to know #PuppyBowlXVI 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters @cnn we do not believe him. He is a hack and you deserve the karma 
And @senategop knows it, but the don’t care because they are a criminal enterprise. 
Great interview by Katy Tur from @ with @AndrewYang! As the MSM gives Yang attention, the #YangSurge will continue!!! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza ⁦@SallyKag51⁩ 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
ADL condemns Democrat Rep Rashida Tlaib for 'blood libel' retweet falsely accusing Israelis of killing Palestinian boy 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says | One of the worst ideas ever! 
@Public_Citizen If you've studied #NormChomsky +#CitizensUnited U KNOW #JohnBolton +#JohnBoltonSuperPac funded #CambridgeAnalytical (source of #RussianDossier +colaberated w/#Facebook to use people's personal info PLZ #JohnBolton is not the face of my 🇺🇸 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims 
“President Trump is on trial. But in a very real sense, so are you. And so is the political party to which we belong.” 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Iowa caucus app sparks election security concerns 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Trump’s complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Strategic Plan: Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day 
We need to remove this FRAUD from office now! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Does This Freak Out Anyone Else? Scientists Genetically Modify Cows to Produce 'Human' Milk 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@RepJerryNadler⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ ⁦@SenCoryGardner⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ 
$5 million BOUNTY on terrorist SHIELDED in JORDAN. They REFUSE our extradition request for bombing that killed Americans &amp; are supposed to be our ally? CUT OFF AID to Jordan until they extradite Ahlam Ahmad al-Tamimi who they now pretend is a “journalist”. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
@tedcruz You’re right. This is about corruption. 
Julián Castro says Sen. Warren has built up the kind of "diverse, energetic, forward-looking coalition" needed to win the Democratic primary and beat President Trump in November. 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" IT APPEARS HIS LEGAL TEAM MUST HAVE GONE TO TRUMP UNIVERSITY, THE COLLEGE THAT TEACHES THE ART OF BULL SHIT 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
Yang on , long-form interview. 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Jewish people like African Americans for some unknown reason cannot understand Democrats and KKK are synonyms. As recent as the 90s Sen Byrd was in office 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid - Wallace and Kelly can kiss my azzzzz! I want POTUS to have corrupt crime families like the Biden’s &amp; Clinton’s investigated! Deep state doesn’t want it, so many involved! 
#Female flogging force unveiled in #Indonesia to publicly punish #Islamic #women who violate Sharia law 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede A very good idea. #2ndAmendment 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr Such crybabies. The American people are looking to you Repugnants TO DO THE RIGHT THING. Try it for once in your miserable lives. 
Coronavirus: All the latest news 
C’mon, would you expect anything else? ⁦@DNC⁩ will choose whom they want, not the voters. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office @realDonaldTrump 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
"Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Nicole Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House. I agree. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@POTUS⁩ #TrumpIsCorrupt 
“Perhaps we’re supposed to believe that GOP senators were seriously weighing the House impeachment manager’s arguments and evidence, but Schiff lost them with a stray, easy-to-believe sentence, which hurt Republicans’ feelings. “Please.” 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Anti Semite lying witch. Disgrace of Congress. She has dirtied our great country. Resign in disgrace 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally | 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Way to go, Jaideen! 
WRONG: It was all over social media late night/early morning. Im glad they knew about it, prevented appearance of a cover-up "Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims" 
Not a legal defense but a Trump motivated smear campaign. The truth comes out: "Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's worst Ernst 'gave up the game' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily 
@marklevinshow says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment @tedcruz @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @RandPaul @SenRonJohnson - 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitious' on evidence 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters 
Trump impeachment for abuse of power defended by analyst @LamarAlexander @SenatorBurr @SenatorCollins @SenatorRomney @lisamurkowski @senrobportman @SenMikeLee @SenCoryGardner @SenJohnThune @SenatorIsakson @SenatorEnzi @FoxNewsSunday 
There’s good news in here: Midlife misery is typically followed by a period of happiness in old age. #ZionsBanker 
What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP . WE ALL KNOW THAT TRUMP NEEDS TO GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE. 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" Trump "I don't know Parnas, I never talked to him that I can remember, I just took a picture with him." Trump's busted again lying. 
President Trump tells reporters that he has not seen John Bolton's book manuscript. - @kwelkernbc 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a 'homework assignment' 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Trump hit the nail on the head from the beginning;Lemon is the dumbest man on TV 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme 
Let’s help them out with their poll regarding #2A @Tactical_review 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
What is Easter? 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Rhodes on Trump’s accusation the Obama administration funded the Iranian missiles: ‘We’re better than this, our politics should be better than this’ 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
TRUMP! Getting the job done, keeping promises! #Trump2020 Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Dan Bongino on John Bolton's manuscript leak: 'There is nothing here' - 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Dershowitz: Dems picked 'dangerous' impeachment charges against Trump; pressure for Bolton testimony mounts 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules mcconell should be impeach with the president too for obstruction and collusion lies and cover up. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
NEW: "President Obama called me last night and said, 'Tim, remember, this is no time to be a purist. You've got to keep a fascist out of the White House,'" Sen. Kaine says in a video clip featured in a new documentary about Hillary Clinton. 
poll- do you think open carry should be legal? Apparently they don't know it already is! Don't let the gun haters control the poll- cast your vote for #LibertyFirst NOW! 
America's top 5 deadliest cities All ran into the ground for years by democrats. Typical. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight ⁦@orlandosentinel⁩ 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' @CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters "...CNN panel slid into suggesting President @realDonaldTrump's supporters were dumb." 
@WhiteHouse looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Will weasel #2 have the courage !? I wouldn't bet on it ! Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Wallace: In opening argument, Schiff attempts to convince GOP senators to ‘be something better’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
#Despot Donald Trump Says The "PHONY" US Constitution 'Doesn't Matter' Because He's 'RICH' ! AMERICAN VOTERS ARE WATCHING YOUR IMPEACHMENT VOTE @SenSasse @SenatorCollins @SenJoniErnst @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @JohnCornyn ! @maddow @DanRather 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Trump has tried to use privilege or classified to hide his bad behavior! A must see video from The Rachel Maddow Show!👍😳🤮🤬 
Our new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now. Download the first 2 episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Iran hit with severe earthquake near one of its nuclear power plants... 
#Warren on #TrumpAdministration: #Corruption. No other word for it. #News #TrumpImpeachment #Trump #Impeachment #SenateImpeachment #Senate #House #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #Trial 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
@senatemajldr @murkowski @SenatorCollins @MittRomney THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT WITNESSES—STOP GRANDSTANDING AND DO YOUR JOB! 
Polls%20show%20Americans%20want%20to%20hear%20from%20impeachment%20witnesses 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness' 
Rigged! "..Perez picked John Podesta – who served as Clinton’s 2016 campaign manager – to have a seat on the committee." #BernieSanders #DNC #Election2020 #POTUS #QAnon #KAG 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics 
What is the freedom dividend? ⁦@AndrewYang⁩ explains... #YangGang #Yang2020 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #ImpeachmentHoax 
The left has no shame ..... CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
@realDonaldTrump @AriFleischer Another trader in the mix of the corrupt White House!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HA HA!!! 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Lincoln Chafee on his decision to run for president as a Libertarian: 'Major parties have let us down' Who? 😂😂😂 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
THIS CRAP NEEDS TO STOP NOW! 
Doug Collins: 'Selective' leak from Bolton's book 'doesn't change anything' in impeachment trial 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Incredible as Trump unveils detailed Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize WHO VOTED FOR THIS HORRIBLE ANTI SEMITIC JEW HATING HAG? 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says. [Americans coming from China-likely carriers].⁉️ 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
This is hilarious and so spot-on... Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@PostOpinions @JoeNBC 🗣: “All aboard” the🖕🏻#tRUmpTitanic🚢💦🖕🏻#GOP🐀🐀🐀 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳#ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets Maine’s #Concerned #Troubled 👎🏻#SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ 👉🏻 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
#China spurned .@CDCgov offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary Azar. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #SmartNews 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Fuck this Shit!!! 
#2e2f42b96b6f523e99749ae1c57b1cb3 Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
These Trumpers pop up like a game of Whack-a-Mole. 
#Schiff calls #Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attack calling the lead House #impeachment manager “conman Adam Schiff” @amjoyshow 
New ad from conservative group criticizes Sen. McSally 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@AnandWrites He seems ok in this one. 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Coulda had a BAD BITCH... 
Supreme Court not going to fast-track Obamacare. If you're a republican that's just about the wisest thing they've decided in quite some time 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
#CORRUPTION #CorruptDemocrats #crime All of these citys are Democrat. They are too busy funneling $$ into their pockets to be concerned about their cities. 🤬🤬🤬 America's top 5 deadliest cities 
"he said he was optimistic would wrap up with an acquittal before the State of the Union next Tuesday." 
Chris Evans, John Krasinski in hilarious Hyundai commercial for Sunday's game Sorry but no matter what #JohnKrasinski does, he's still an awful actor. 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" @SecPompeo yes! U r shameful!!! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
The result of 'political correctness'. Sad to see the UK go this direction. 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan I do Believe it’s already Destroyed there Steve ..... 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Republican Rep. #JeffVanDrew, who recently left the Democrat Party, to join #Trump rally on Tuesday in the #NewJersey. #Trump2020 #TrumpRally #TrumpInWildwood 
Trump’s complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Wow! Unheard of! What is China hiding! 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
From Discover on Google 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
WATCH: Chris Hayes discusses the life and times of basketball legend Kobe Bryant. #inners 
💰For Good Karma Donate To This Twitter Account On CashApp $atomic811 So I Can Buy Bitcoin:💰 "Justice Department suing five companies over robocalls" 
California is planning to eliminate a homeless camp outside of a Home Depot, 6 months after it said it would. Cali taxpayers will pay for some of homeless to be moved to community cabins, but the number of homeless keeps skyrocketing all over the state 
This cannot stand! Enough of the #ImpeachmentSham! Tell your Senators “No Witnesses” &amp; VOTE FOR ACQUITTAL — Take action NOW‼️⤵️ 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Impeachment already becoming political weapon in 2020 congressional races 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
This is actually the way that @CortesSteve "always" acts. He can't stand hearing the truth and talks over people constantly. Glad @TheRickWilson isn't delicate and take the mans garbage. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Doug Collins: 'Selective' leak from Bolton's book 'doesn't change anything' in impeachment trial 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 👺😡 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Is hard at work right in the middle of being harassed by Congress. That’s why we elected him! 
@realDonaldTrump NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt So sad! I predicted weak kneed Republicans would play along with the democrats game! All this does is drag America further through the mud! Sick! 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
* Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
@LindseyGrahamSC @marthamaccallum It's clear that you guys are no longer concerned with the constitution, and I know you are 100% #Yella 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment#tcot 
Clearly, @SenSanders campaigns ARE all about him: 
I was energized by this when I saw it live. But NOW ... I want to memorize the speech and use it over and over again!!! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #Barbarians 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
John Bolton FLIPS on #Trump in his new book #TheyAllKnew #TrumpKnew #ImpeachmentTrial @CoryBooker @BernieSanders @SenWarren @AOC #TrumpIsGuilty #EndTheCoverUp @SpeakerPelosi #ThatHasBeenProved #TrumpImpeachmenteTrial 
From Discover on Google 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Fun fact: During @seanhannity's 2012 interview of Rod Blagojevich, he yelled "quid pro quo" six times. (Blago had just been impeached trying to trade appointment of Obama's successor in exchange for a cabinet seat-- a quid pro quo for own personal gain.) 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
WATCH: Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims. #inners 
@stan8331 @peterdaou Yes...that for sure. Here's a link for alot of recent polls. It's still baked in Trump base &amp; GOP are not for removal or that he's committed crimes, just ethical issues for them 
@DsJetskifast @RepAdamSchiff @TheDemocrats @GOP Every Pres *who breaks the law* would be impeached Fixed it for you 😉 
Wow, if someone simply speaking "incites hateful mobilization and risks the security of the LGBTQABCXYZ community" then @lplgbtnetwork has much bigger problems #cowards #hate #thinskin 
Say what you will Glock disciples. He should have done this or shouldn't have done that but, here's another tragic story about a Glock discharging accidentally. We're human, we make mistakes. That's why most firearms should have a safety, #FuckGlock 
I know shocking right? ⁦@MrCleanSF⁩ 
Politics Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
I don’t think so; Republicans don’t think, they follow Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
@soflosmooth @StewardshipAmer @realDonaldTrump It may come as a surprise to you but on July 25 2019 FOX news reported Biden lead Dem field&amp;held 10 point lead over Trump-that night Trump tried to extort Ukraine president to announce investigation of Biden- 
Journo alleges Trump admin. is ‘taking gaslighting to new level’ 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
@senrobportman Drop the mike. Game set match. 
@ChesterLemon1 @HollyBe55572050 @marklevinshow yah murderers are fantastic 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake | 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators he doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses | @realDonaldTrump @mikepolice @KU_Jay1 @fbag_mag @Q_undivided @slt521thof @DcdRetblue @GretaMiddendor1 @PhyllisHart16 @Dawson6211 
@SoyBoyRoy1 @RepublicanRehab @BeJamesMadison1 @WHurensohn @Lynnevere @IanLStrain @fred_rulz @KirschenmanReid @LiberalismReal @wuwu_wally @Q_Estrada @Spoonhead8 @JustinW37323955 @Ronald_1959 @chris19052 @Kamakaze99 @Lucanesque @Amicusc54803237 @SSPMk21 @Pady_oFurniture @BarkinDavid @DanielKTabeling @Deborah89847324 @charr68204 @ClodaghSnarks @trakkernews @ElizabethQE20 @RationalCalm @mjccatcher @BudaNot @DisLoyalBot @love_my_2cats @Chihuahua81Emma @patrici59152026 @polyeidus @Mindpollution3 @AnomicAge @DrRedVote @MikaelKruger @mspence6 @Mistierain 3 AAAANNNDDD there’s THIS little gem from Rachel Maddow on Trump ordering the firing of Marie Yovanovitch... 
So this means it is WAY more serios than anyone could have imagined. Bad times ahead worldwide! China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest No shit Sherlock; what geve you your first clue? 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@WhiteHouse You mean like this: 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
@realDonaldTrump Meet the next president, an honest man who you are not good enough to clean his shoes. Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
👀 Nothing's Happening. Nothing to See Here. Move Along. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
In Ukraine scandal, Devin Nunes has some explaining to do "NUNES IS NOTHING BUT A LIAR "! 
GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
DOES IT COME WITH WEINERS?? Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
EVERYONE SHOULD WATCH AND UNDERSTAND --WHY? #HistoryOfEnvy Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Exactly, WHY !? Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump’s curious trial boast: ‘We have all the material’ Funny that is exactly what #AdamSchiff said in his opening statement at your trial today. #AdamSchiffROCKS #ImpeachedForever #ImpeachedForLife #MAGA2020 #KAG2020 #TrumpImpeachmentTrial 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
BREAKING : Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
They're just jealous he has a backbone and a brain and they don't! "By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' “If John Bolton says that in the book I believe John Bolton,” said retired Gen. John Kelly, who served as Trump’s chief of staff for 18 months. #BoltonBook #BoltonMustTestify 
@bo_phillips_ @JenGRodgers @AlanDersh @POTUS Hmm... (and every other news organization) agree it was in April. Is it a conspiracy? Or are you just wrong? 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Sen. Braun noncommittal on Bolton testifying after book revelations 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' It's also not a "B &amp; E." You can't support yourself here? Stay away. $106 BILLION a yr in taxpayer savings. 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Figures. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@DebbieLesko @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews You and @JudgeJeanine should discuss this: #CorruptGOP #TrumpIsGuiltyAF 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
.@ contributor @BarbMcQuade brings her legal expertise to the Daily Newsletter as a guest editor this week. Subscribe now to get her unique take on the impeachment trial in the Senate. 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ rick is right steve is arat who believes a corrupt person that is degrading the u s directly to the grave steve go home you are trash. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Video: Experts reject Trump lawyer Dershowitz's claim abuse of power isn't impeachable. 
I have listened to this in parts over the course of three days. I had expected a coeterie of sychophants and solicitations of praise. What I could not have been prepared for is the impenetrable nature of the President's intellect on display. 
NBCNews: FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Regarding impeachment witnesses; I hope senators are listening! DEMs in Congress stated:'if this impeachment fails, we'll have another &amp; another &amp; another!' There lies the answer: Invite Bolton as a witness in the next congressional impeachment exercise.. 
Poll 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations - @GoogleNews 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
@realDonaldTrump I’m just going to leave this right here. Your rhetoric is so predictable. 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
Politics As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Trump CAN’T “go off the rails” when he is the 200% wrongly accused, the additional 100% from fact that the Dems are 100% guilty of ALL of that for which they have lyingly tried to frame the POTUS. Our Donald will now DESTROY them at the polls! 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Barney Frank, John pedo podesta, can’t get anymore crooked than that! Wow! DNC, you can’t get any worse! #TheDemiseofTheDemoraticParty 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders | 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Watch this, please 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation | Really?! Misinformation OR information?! 
@johnsweeney15 @Teri_A_Adams @thebigdonkey @NPRinskeep @NPR If you're asking me, we know Trump, who alleged he doesn't now Parnas, has been recorded asking Parnas how long the Ukrainian army could stand up to a Soviet (oh, I mean Russian) invasion. Lev offered his highly informed view. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds #AAG #AAG2020 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Gov. Jim Justice to Virginians upset over left-wing policies: Move to West Virginia 
@rlamartini @CattHarmony @realDonaldTrump Ukraine did investigate, following Ukrainian Laws. ‘Let’s put this through prosecutors, not through presidents,’” by Yuri Lutsenko, the Ukraine ex-prosecutor general 
Biden, Sanders on the rise in new Iowa polling 
@MAGMAUS @atrupar Rupar didn't say it. reported that Rep. Jeff Van Drew said over 100,000 ticket requests for a venue holding only 7,500. "Actual number of attendees is unclear." - purposefully bad planning on Trump's part to manufacture sellout crowds? 
#Listen to #recording that appears to show #PresidentTrump #ordering to #GetRidOf #Ambassador #Yovanovitch. #News #LevParnas #TrumpLies #Ukraine #TrumpUkraine 
Small man @donlemon still lying to the public. 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial. ANY GOP SENATOR WHO VOTES FOR MORE WITNESSES...CAST THEM OUT IN THE NEXT ELECTION. THEY'RE EITHER BITTER (#Romney) OR JUST PLAIN IGNORANT. 
@BernieSanders Yes, lets do that so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
"On Thursday, the president tried to clean up his own mess. “Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security,” Mr. Trump tweeted shortly before leaving the White House... 
Coronavirus: Nearly 50 people have died in China from coronavirus outbreak 
GOT MY VOTE!! National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal | 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" Why do @GOP supporters of #Trump give him a pass for illegal and impeachable activities??? #ImpeachAndRemove #ImpeachedForever #MAGA2020 #KAGA2020 #KAGA #KAG #MAGA 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
'Coup has started,' whistleblower's attorney said in 2017 posts calling for impeachment 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
@SenateGOP and @SenateDems Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Former Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's Feces filthy streets arrested. See That's What Happens When Your Job is Cleaning UP a Shithole City You Become a Shithole Person yourself!! 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins GYM Jordan turned his back on the American people. And stood by and watch and didn't do anything. And now Jordan represent OHIO. JIM JORDAN SHOULD RESIGN NOW. #pervert 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews The group Defending Democracy Together has released a new ad saying "it's time for President Pence." 
Schiff claims #Trump lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial - so what is their defense? 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Can we trade @Sen_JoeManchin for @SenatorRomney ? Please!? Mr Manchin, please come to the side of common sense and patriotism! Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment | 
Senators showing a 'more exaggerated' dynamic in the chamber as trial continues 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Clearly, and using the word minority purely as a numerical value in this case, the racist and white supremacist minority must actually rule in this country... 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
Teen waiting for her mom to finish shopping decides to put on a #piano performance. Incredible! 
I'm on hiatus from Infowars so yell at today also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #BigData #DigitalHealth @SGH_RTs #Hockey #HealthyRecipes @DNRRTs @ShoutGamers @GamingRTweeters #Anonymous #FreeCalifornia @FearRTs @DripRT #RewardsPoints 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics 
@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
Schiff's closing statement last night. Republicans can send children to war, but can they stand up to Donald Trump? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
US military plane that crashed in Afghanistan: What we know | . 😞 😞 😞 😞 #heroes 
Enough with the secret reading. All that will come with it is wild claims form the #Dems. Either put him on the stand along with #Biden or shut the door on it. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party 
What an embarrassment of a “man”. Lifelong blood sucker, liar, cheater &amp; dime store salesman. Now, just a broken down punk pretending to be BAD... Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
What is democratic socialism? 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
When will people learn Trump is only about Trump. Trump faces pushback from veterans for... 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Bloomberg campaign pushes back on criticism from hero of Texas church shooting | 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. 'he was arrested in 1993 and charged with second degree robbery and use of a firearm in commission of a felony. He was convicted of second degree robbery in 1996' What? 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 👍👍👍 🙏🇺🇸🙏 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump impeachment trial opening arguments in two minutes 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Super lame. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
FOX NEWS CHANNEL MARKS 18TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR AS NUMBER ONE CABLE NEWS NETWORK FNC Notches 43rd Straight Month as Most-Watched in All of Cable in Total Day Viewership, Also Finishes as Highest-Rated Network in Primetime Ahead of Sports-Focused ESPN 
It’s been a tough day in this city. Thoughts and prayers goes out to Vanessa Bryant, the other three daughters, and all of the friends and family. 😔💔✝️ 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
.@MTPFirstRead: Rep. Schiff makes his case for President Trump's removal. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Kavanaugh 2.0, huh? So another instance where the guy is guilty-as-hell, but Republicans want what Republicans want, so the ends justify the means? Sounds about right. #p2 Republicans call Bolton leak Kavanaugh ‘2.0,’ as publisher denies coordination 
@CNN @TulsiGabbard #LetTulsiSpeak #StandWithTulsi Call CNN 404-827-1500 Call DNC 202-863-8000 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Or at least the Republican Senators that decided to listen and not the ones that left the chamber Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
NASA’s Chandra spots ‘mega-cluster’ of galaxies in the making in stunning image @21stScience #News 
@SteveScalise You're either really slow or full of crap. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
THIS ⤵️ 🤬❗Pure Evil, no other explanation‼️Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Who here, can go to work &amp; NOT do the job you are paid to do, NOT do your job &amp; STILL have a job the next day?! After days of fidget spinners, GOP senators ‘attentive’ during team Trump presentation 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Dude's a freak. Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him Bloomberg is going senile, time to retire! 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Will the Senate trial be a sham? Experts fear the worst 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees. 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper. Comment: Trump wanted a thug in charge &amp; that is exactly what we've got. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Don't write on toddlers, parents ask and read reports... 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
@ChrisDJackson @BernieSanders @JoeBiden Gee, wonder why? Oh look, what Obama/#Biden2020 did to Food Stamps: 
@amy_robeson @QuinnValentin12 @terrymadeline13 @ChidiNwatu @realDonaldTrump Fox sure thinks it’s reportable. 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
@janeosanders Hi Jane, could you clear this up? Seems to be a hit piece on you more than on Bernie. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Jerry Falwell Jr.: My Trump endorsement was correct — here's how he restored American Greatness 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Libertarian Party, Stop this man from running for President. It's impossible for him to get elected and all he will do is siphon off votes! Lincoln Chafee on his decision to run for president as a Libertarian: 'Major parties have let us down' 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
@WVGovernor My guess? They could be jointly endorsing the proposal to allow rural Virginia counties whose residents are disgruntled by gun control legislation coming from Richmond to join W. Virginia: 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede #seriously ? ? 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Why is the most crooked person in the world still pulling strings? 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
With Virginia on edge over gun rally, Trump says the wrong thing | #politics #news 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | #DemocratsAreCorrupt #DemocratsTheEnemyWithin #DemocratsHateAmerica 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
#ICYMI on #AMJoy, Trump supporter Steve Cortes debated the impeachment trial, Lev Parnas, and tRump’s tweets with current and former Republicans who are now Never Trumpers: Rick Wilson, former congressman David Jolly, and opinion columnist Tom Nichols. 
"How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet" FOX NEWS 
The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists has moved its symbolic Doomsday Clock closer to midnight, an increase from last year. It's the first time the clock has been set within the two minute mark. 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador - #GoogleAlerts 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
: Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick'. @GoogleNews 
@GOP this one's for you... 
This is not God‘s plan! Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Why should the American people care about Trump &amp; #Ukraine? The answer is simple: there is significant evidence of corruption. WATCH @RepAdamSchiff in press conference that Trump's lawyers "do not contest" the facts in impeachment case. #maga 
.@NicolleDWallace on President Trump's defense team: "This was not a legal defense of the president. It was a political one." 
Let's go #Californians it's time we take back our state from the #CorruptCommieCaliPoliticians!!! 
#TeamDollNATURE 🛸 'X-files' of UFO sightings over United Kingdom to be released for the first time. 《👽》. @FOX23 #SmartNews 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
tRump: "Who the hell cares about the budget?" 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@TrumpWarRoom @realDonaldTrump Nothing here is true, you shameless liars. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment WITNESSES: 84% Democracts 69% Republicans 69% Independents #TrumpImpeachmentTrial Video:👇🏽 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich A must watch !!!!!! 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" -... 
's new podcast “So You Wanna Be President” is about what it takes to win the nomination, hosted by Chris Matthews. The first two episodes are available right now, listen and subscribe for free on Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' | 
"We have evidence here... that [Pres. Trump] is aware of the fact that Ukraine very much needs American military assistance," says Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, of audio appearing to show Trump asking Parnas about the value of US aid to Ukraine. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote LISTEN 
@IvankaTrump @walkingonthmoon Didn’t CNN @donlemon call us all “credulous boomer rubes” recently? Now CNN complains we’re divided?!? 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump has told 13,435 lies while in office 
"2,600-year-old Egyptian cold case closed as scientists figure out death of ‘Takabuti’" After doing CT and DNA tests they found that she was stabbed to death, and that she had *European* ancestry, which is remarkable! 
@realDonaldTrump @mikepompeo @SenateGOP @GOP @TheDemocrats @foxnewsalert @foxnation HEY POMPEO IS YOUR BRAIN FILLED WITH ALL THINGS TRUMP SINCE YOUR GETTING AS CHILDLIKE AND INSULTING AS HE IS. YOUR A WEIGHTY DISGRACE TO 🇺🇸 USA!! GOP PATHETIC!! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ‼️ 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
This is how civil wars start!West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@robinwi67730426 @MarshaBlackburn @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence (w Sondland) regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders:Bolton is proving himself a LIAR 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments WE NEED TO VOTE OUT OF OFFICE ANY GOP MEMBER WHO VOTES FOR WITNESSES. THIS HAS BECOME A SHIT SHOW! 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Democrats next choice for US president. 
&gt;&gt;&gt; ICYMI: @SenSchumer closed out trial day 2 with ’s @maddow: 
Trump Rally sets new records in Wildwood NJ! Flip it to red NJ! What a great speech, what a great POTUS❤️🇺🇸 Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Don't forget to include his cronies too. 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Shame on John Kelly for not stepping up when he had the chance to end this scam presidency. 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
@tomwatson @coachNicodemo He's a notorious micromanager. It's always the boss. "Sanders wants to approve "every single everything,"" 
@NJSenDems 100% vaccination rate, yet they had a whooping cough outbreak....tell us again how #vaccineswork??? 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Trump, Tucker and Fox are all begging for Bernie to be the nom because he's the most beatable. 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
From Discover on Google 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
@RepKenBuck and we're disappointed that you're covering for a criminal 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face'🤡🥊 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Ramping up...Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Americans aren't stupid . . They're rejecting CNN! 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
"I believe that people are listening," Sen. Klobuchar says of GOP senators. "Adam Schiff's plea to our colleagues was, 'you know this isn't easy, but at some point, why are you here?' ... you're here because you're supposed to protect our Constitution." 
@MAGAPATRIOT_TGM What you need to understand is there a lot of $$$ influencing them that the media is ignoring 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford So, you want the "I haven't read it" caucus to get in a room, and do more of the same? Whistleblower complaint: Amb. Taylor's statement: The Mueller Report: The Impeachment Report: 
More U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injury from Iran missile attack 
Congrats @maddow 'Bag Man' tops Apple podcast list ahead of Tuesday's launch 
⚠️oh laddy. No ⚠️. Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes . 🎪 
@Bill_Maxwell_ Yes. @RonJohnsonWI Should tell us what he knows. 
Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.21.20 
#rinos??? Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Schumer doesn’t want the truth to come out ! If he did we’d start with Schiff first then whistle blower.. Then Hunter Biden ! 
@SecPompeo How well you are serving your country. 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
Republicans get creative to downplay finding of Trump illegality vía 
In other news: Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
"I think Trump and Trumpism is the greatest threat this country has faced since the fall of communism." 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton's unpublished book? 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments #AAG #AAG2020 
#McConnell tips his hand about indifference to #HouseManager #case #News #GOP #Trump #Republicans #TrumpLies #TrumpImpeachment #Senate #Trial #ImpeachmentTrial #House #MitchMcConnell #PaidOff #Corruption 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory" 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
The voter is an idiot but #CreepyQuidProQuoPedoJoe seems to think he can put his hands on anyone in an attempt to intimidate. This man must be held accountable. Put your hands on me and you’ll pull back a bloody stump. What a total elitist scumbag. 
four years ago yamiche alcindor went on maddow to trash bernie (and even jane) for not sharing the money his campaign was raising with the national party that was actively trying to rat fuck him. want to marginalize something? how about this shit? 
OH WHAT A NIGHT! GO NEW JERSEY! 
@realDonaldTrump @wef BOOM💥Donald Trump admits having and withholding the material needed for the impeachment case. 
Joe just can’t keep his hands to himself. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
"Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough'" FOX NEWS 
@MSNBC has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
.@Lawrence explains why Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell revealed he does not currently have enough Republican Senate votes to block witnesses in the Trump impeachment trial. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested the App 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
WATCH: ‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America. #inners 
Stealing other people’s money is what republican Jesus would do! 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
No surprise. Most people didn’t vote for @realdonaldtrump either. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@NBCNews obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador #CrookedTrump 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" #MoscowMitchMcTreason #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #ImpeachIndict45 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
#ICYMI-Des Moines Register executive editor @carolhunter on why it endorsed #ElizabethWarren @amjoyshow 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
I admit to a Quid Pro Quo - Because I would pay to see them testify. @realDonaldTrump @cecki @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @pegalomania #KAG #KAG2020 #impeachment #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachmentHoax 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
President Trump's Mideast peace plan calls for two-state solution 
"Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wife's defense over 'hostile working environment' claims at palace" FOX NEWS 
Ahem. Cue Hamilton soundtrack... “McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script” 
Attention MAGA supporters: President Trump is "looking at" cutting Medicare. What else? Social Security and Medicaid likely also to be reduced. Happy? 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Karen Pence: The Trump-Pence administration is working tirelessly for America's veterans and military families 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
Divorced woman can't use frozen embryos, Arizona Supreme Court rules 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ | 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" #Trump is a damned ignorant cruel fool 
@SenateGOP @SenJohnBarrasso @SenJoniErnst @realDonaldTrump Well if you voted for new evidence you would of had watch the same thing over and over. you do remember that don't you @SenJohnBarrasso. Voter will remind you. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
One more travesty. 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
@realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse 
Damn good title. Damn good subject. Damn good host. And damn good podcast! ’s newest podcast, “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris, is about what it takes to win the nomination. Listen to the first 2 episodes now and subscribe. #SYWBPRES 
If the Dems want to impeach Trump for investigating Biden’s crime, maybe Biden’s crime should be looked into. If it’s real, Trump was just doing his job. Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law 
@realDonaldTrump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Finding himself in a hole, Bozo Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@LindseyGrahamSC News @LindseyGrahamSC 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
Chinese Spy Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@REPsmile @nytimes @Morning_Joe I’ll repost the link above for you showing all Trumps men who have went down... Don’t seem to be able to find a list like that for say Hillary or any of the Democrats running for President this year. Kinda weird huh?? 🙄🤔🤷🏻‍♀️ 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
@Adam4004 @ClintnCAli is lying to us? 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
It will take hard choices to #FixtheDebt. Politicians will be wary of doing so unless voters demand it 
Brooklyn woman charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic Hanukkah attacks 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@NationalistTV He’s mad because Lauren Ingraham absolutely dismantled him on legal immigration 2 weeks ago. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
When trump says he knows nothing means he knows everything.... 
From Discover on Google 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
@Survance @JohnRCollins6 @BernieSanders @AOC @MMFlint @portugaltheman You're in luck, I have the full leaked Lev Parnas conversation here. It's an hour long, and it brings up many interesting points. Anyway, the US doesn't have the best economy in the world, as pointed out recently by the Fox News journalist, Tucker Carlson. 
@KrisNordstrom BTW.... this is the best I can find about Hillary's working for Obama. A lot more than 15. Doesn't add up to 135. I would like to know where the 135 number came from. Regardless, you and I will never agree on Bernie. 
I am taking a break from Infowars so check out today also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #NonExecs #DesignThinking #TrenRoca #Jobs #HillaryEmail #DigitalHealth #AmReading #Hunting @DNRRTs #GiletsJaunes #GuildBulletin #Ethics #Javascript 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
John Sununu says Mitt Romney is being influenced by his personal dislike for President Trump @MittRomney @SenatorRomney 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
LISTEN: Audio recording appears to show President Trump order firing of the US ambassador to Ukraine. 
Drain the swamp! Keep your eye on CA Let's keep going, thank you @FBI #WWG1WGA 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Very interesting. Chief Justice #SCOTUS gave US Senators a 'homework assignment' last night. 
Trump's team is what happens 'when you don't pay your legal bills' LOL 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
I are there no Patriots in the @GOP? Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" #TrumpBoastsObstruction #DefendOurDemocracy 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
@realDonaldTrump President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
Where's John Bolton? 
Just desserts, ... Better yet: Fire him &amp; ban the other clowns. But they won't - they’re part of the DemocRat apparatus. No ”journalism” here. 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Wednesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.22.20 
“THEY OUGHT TO SUE HIM.” Referring to Cryin’ Schumer 
@LeoXonit @DonnadAlelio @mitchellvii Your point? 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
"Graham stuck out his hand and shook his hand and said, 'You did a good job, you're well spoken.'" @GeoffRBennett describes a moment between Sen. Graham and Rep. Schiff after Schiff's closing speech on the first day of arguments in the impeachment trial. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight - 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Trump did what was right YET the left NOW love Bolton. This is insane #impeachmentFarcetheFuture 
#Crow: #TrumpDefense tried everything 'to see what would stick' #News #TrumpLies #TrumpAdministration #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrail #Witnesses #Trump 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@realDonaldTrump Medicare is THE LAW. Be gone, Fraud Trump!!! 
This does not bode well for the future of our country. "a large group of Republican voters are willing to concede that Trump appears to be a criminal, but they nevertheless want him in office." 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
So much for the Bernie Bro myth - @berniesanders leads nationally among non-white voters! #PoliticalRevolution #WomenforBernie 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
@RepMarkMeadows @realDonaldTrump You got paid too! Check those NRA receipts. The GOP and trump got caught #TruthMattersRightMatters 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma | Which has exactly zero to do with Trump's guilt regarding his impeachment. 
Irony is when a plane carrying potential coronavirus passengers lands in Corona, CA Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@kamijane29 @MarshaBlackburn The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence (w Sondland) regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine Pull me in a room and yell at me you fat lying bastard 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
‘Take her out’: Voice appearing to be Trump’s heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
⁦@marcorubio⁩ You should want to listen to this recording. If it’s true Trump knew 1yr ahead of time that our help w/ Ukraine was vital ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@SenRickScott⁩ #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial 
FOX #1! Most watched show on struggling CNN is Anderson Cooper’s “AC 360,” which finished No. 23 overall behind 14 Fox news programs and eight MSNBC shows. Don Lemon’s “CNN Tonight,” which President Trump recently mocked over its low ratings, was the 35th! 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Well the book provides rich detail of what we have seen everyday for the last 3 years: That Donald Trump is the most ignorant as well as incompetent individual who has ever held the office of the presidency. I worked for 6 presidents." 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
@enginefrog9 @nal4democrats @Hoosiers1986 @RepAdamSchiff Fucking Sonland testified that Zelensky was told he had to announce the investigations publicly for the money and meeting to happen. Didn’t even have to actually conduct them. Just announce them. 
@joniernst @JoeBiden @realDonaldTrump Oh Joni... 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron Let me explain lady. We have finally taken a stand against trash news. That was horrible. The Twitterverse has spoken 
Truly disgusting Canadians need to step up and call out these sick barbaric acts Shariah Law has no place in a modern society 
home sick from Infowars please ingest for the duration also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #Jobs #Hunting @FMC_RTs @MightyRTs #ImWithHer #HealthyRecipes #HillaryEmail #Economist #Freebies @ShoutRTs #Eventi #ServiceDesign @DripRT 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Americans plan demonstrations in support of impeaching Trump 
When will people realize true Christianity does not “hate”. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
WATCH: Rep. Schiff makes case for President Trump's removal from office with focus on three days in July 2019. 
College football coach in Michigan suspended after he told a student news site that he’d like to have dinner with Adolf Hitler because of his leadership abilities. 
#WalkAway #DemExit #VoteRedToSaveAmerica Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #barbaric 
@PSFairetheewell @chrislhayes works for me- I listen to the audio track at work when I can 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Giant 'thunder lizard' dinosaurs may have walked on their front feet only, findings reveal @21stScience #News 
"The prosecutor starts with argument, then the defendant argues, and then the prosecutor has rebuttal — that's not the case in an impeachment trial," fmr. Sen. McCaskill notes. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
#ICYMI-How the #Trump #impeachment trial is being covered very differently by conservative media @amjoyshow 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
1/3 The Reality TV Presidency trudges on. Trump wants to push back the start of his defense until Monday, whining that Saturday is "Death Valley on TV." "'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' #SmartNews Stay in your lane blockhead. ⁦@seanhannity⁩ Bolton will speak in the Senate or nowhere. Especially not your carnival show. 
Are these Republicans we are watching Senators anymore, or can we call them now by their new function? --Trump Co-Conspirators? #AdamSchiffROCKS #TrumpImpeachmentTrial 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador Yovanovitch #SenateImpeachmentTrial 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views #STANDWITHFRANKLINGRAHAM 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought Maine Independent Sen. Angus King notes that hearing the evidence against Trump in its totality lead him to realize the "powerful" case against the president. 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
What is democratic socialism? 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump’s DOJ #SmartNews 
Russian officials rescue over 500 'amateur' fishermen who got stranded on giant ice floe 
What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments msnbc still LIES non-stop. Pres Trump doing a Great Job. Dems do Not care; R destroying USA for power &amp; $$$. Vote Red! VOTE Trump! 
It's ugly. I told you last year it was all about #GASMONEY! 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Antonio Brown appears in court, told he can remove ankle monitor and travel in US 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
So China refuses help from our CDC, which alarms me to the fact, the epidemic is way worse than we know.😱⁦@POTUS⁩ China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
@JaySekulow Hating the President isn't a legal argument. Try presenting an actual case with actual witnesses &amp; actual evidence. 
Say it out loud Amy #MidnightMitch #LeningradLindsey 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sen. Romney says "it's very likely" he'll be in favor of calling witnesses in President Trump's impeachment trial, but "I haven't made a decision finally yet." 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
🤡Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Just the tip of the iceberg... 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Charlie Sykes on Pres. Trump's derogatory remarks about the late Rep. John Dingell: "This is what he does when under pressure, when he’s feeling victimized... The longer this hangs over his head, I think the more unhinged moments you’re going to see." 
Suicide rate increased 40 percent in US from 2000-2017, mining, construction workers at highest risk: CDC report | 
"Queen Elizabeth's first public engagements announced amid royal family drama" 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" #IMPOTUS #GOPCoverup #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #FilptheSenate #VoteThemAllOut 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
My thoughts on the state of play of the Democratic primary is summed up with this quote: "You can't promote principled anti-corruption action without pissing off corrupt people" ( 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters I HOPE TO SEE CNN GOING BANKRUPT DURING MY LIFETIME. THEY’RE MORE OF A CHEAP TABLOID, NOT A SERIOUS MEWS MEDIA. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ONLY IN CALIFORNIA, HOME OF CORRUPTION!! 
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @senatemajldr Pay very close attention and remember, DENIAL is not a river! 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo | 
Hosted By MFrazz: Winona Ryder visits birthplace of Winona, Minn., in Squarespace ad for Sunday's game 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
“San Francisco Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru was arrested Monday...” 
Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 
"Last year, Bolton and Barr had a discussion in which Bolton said he was concerned about the president's relationships with dictators around the world." — Michael Schmidt of the NY Times discusses a report on John Bolton's concerns with Pres. Trump. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
#DrainTheSwamp Majority want #OrangeIdiot #LiarInChief removed. #VoteThemAllOut2020 #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #GOPCoverup #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica 
Why would China refuse help? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Go Is Fox only looking for headlines? You know the dems are trying to set up our President- call them out for their bias-done throw the President under the bus. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
⁦⁦@SenAngusKing⁩ , as a Republican,I agree 100%.If the Senate does not hold POTUS accountable, Impeachment for Obstruction of Congress will no longer be a ble removal option. Please convince ⁦⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ! #WitnessesAndDocuments 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump @NBCNews 
@IvankaTrump Will you comment on @realDonaldTrump mocking NPR REPORTER @NPRKelly ? “You did a good job on her” 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
With GOP in Florida, Democrats slam Trump on deportations 
China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Bolton has shaken things up. 
Sen. Jon Tester: Hunter Biden doesn’t have first hand info on what Trump’s done 
God bless President Trump! Trump Pence 2020! Paul Batura: Trump revives Mount Rushmore's July 4 celebration — and the use of common sense 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Adam Schiff basically said that the American voter didn’t have enough sense to vote Trump out of office &amp; that’s why he being impeached! The truth is that the ‘Dumbing Down of America’ has worked for Democrats! Dems depend on stupidity to stay in office 
Not to put too fine a point on this, but John Bolton’s testimony should “change the outcome,” and in fact would “change the outcome” if Senate Republicans were approaching their duties with a degree of maturity and independence. #ImpeachmentTrial #GOPSham 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues - 
Smearing a war hero. Not patriots. 
Chris Matthews sizes up the 2020 field 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
"While we are creating jobs &amp; killing terrorists, the congressional Democrats are obsessed with demented hoaxes, crazy witch hunts, &amp; deranged partisan crusades." President Trump 
Sen. Warner: GOP hasn't proven why Hunter Biden would be as relevant a witness as Amb. John Bolton 
2 Ohio officers fired for their strip-club arrest of Stormy Daniels 
BREAKING: McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block #ImpeachmentTrial witnesses, as #BoltonBook throws trial script into doubt 
Cult princess #AOC and her cult leader #BernieSanders are at it again with deceit. #Biden2020 is not taking away Social Security. 
Tennessee voters weigh in on Trump impeachment 
.@Morning_Joe reports on the top headlines over the weekend, including new details from John Bolton's upcoming book and the tragic death of Kobe Bryant. 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" AS PER USUAL , TRUMP IS TRYING TO SHIFT THE BLAME TO UKRAINE , THAT IS WHAT PUTIN TOLD HIM TO SAY . 
Gov. Jim Justice to Virginians upset over left-wing policies: Move to West Virginia 
Good point: GOP doesn't want any witnesses b/c if they call or subpeona the Bidens, they'd have to make arrangements for them to respond and appear. And guess what that means--more time when they want this so-called #impeachmenttrial over. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #ImpeachmentTrialRules #SenateTrial #SenateImpeachmentTrial 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | @skinnergj 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested PRESIDENT TRUMP IS RIGHT CALIFORNIA IS CORRUPT. DRAINING THE SWAMP ONE CROOK AT A TIME. 
Al Sharpton in comparative Analysis of Trump and Obama from this Analyst Perspective can be justified in Obama being a Distinguished Granduer Pomp and Circumstance Par... 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' #SmartNews 
‘The Constitution is not a suicide pact’: Day 2 of Democrats' opening arguments 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views-the Good News is an inclusive message of Love, not hate. 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Wednesday's Mini-Report, 1.22.20 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ the App. Another butthurt loser coming to the fake rescue of the desperate Schitt party 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
"Tuesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.28.20" 
Texas police ID man seen on surveillance rescuing baby from El Paso Walmart shooting 
#GoP everyone wants to hear the evidence from the witnesses. however the cards land. why won’t the Senate hear both sides? could it be there is something to hide? 
Tulsi Gabbard sues Hillary Clinton for $50M over 'Russian asset' remark 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
@maddow has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Tucker Carlson: Impeachment is all that matters in the media and important stories are being ignored. Why? America wants to know why?? 
Really? Then take a vote you spineless wimp so we can all see which way each senator is voting. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', ... 
Trump has undermined the integrity of our elections by courting foreign interference. The GOP welcomes foreign interference. In order to hang onto power they're making America into an oligarchy. From Discover on Google 
Varney on Iowa: "So, one candidate could win the popular vote. Another, the delegate count. Both would claim victory. No clear winner. They don't need that. They want a clear winner ... a candidate who can beat Mr. Trump, but they can't find one." 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source - 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Are Drumpf’s lawyerscattacking Biden in an effort to influence voters? Another GOP dirty trick? Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | 
A group of conservative critics of President Trump has released a new ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. 
This morning on #MorningJoe had the description that pays A Confederacy of Dunces---&gt; 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
Sen. Scott: I believe we'll see no witnesses 
Ingraham investigation: Inside the 2016 Obama administration meeting with Ukrainian officials 
Eight dead, hundreds injured after 6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes Turkey 
BOOM! “We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face.” — ⁦@AriMelber⁩ 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case | 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
@DavidRoths @Pt255440131 @Skidog1111 @DisabledUSN_Vet @TipzzLinnie @ABC This is for the dullards that are not good little parrots and watch their . 
@JoyAnnReid For those who missed it: 
DNC setting up Bernie to fail, and Hillary to sweep in and snag Nomination. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Donald Trump is a thug. #ImpeachedTrump #RemoveTrump Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@SaraCarterDC: .@JaySekulow calls leaked #Bolton manuscript ‘inadmissible’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Dershowitz quotes 'Dred Scott' dissenter Justice Curtis: No impeachable offense 'without a law, express or implied' 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
"I think Trump and Trumpism is the greatest threat this country has faced since the fall of communism." 
Kobe Bryant was best known for bringing his competitive spirit to the basketball court — the "mamba mentality," as it was called — but in recent years, he also applied it to the business world and broke the mold into the 21st century. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Hahahahaaaa! Well he was right that it wasn't going to go over very well. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #wtf #sharialaw 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
I don't care who you are, that's some funny shit right there. #FakeNews #FakeNewsMedia #CNNisTrash #CNNisGarbage #CNNisFakeNews #DonLemonGate #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #TheFive #FoxandFriends 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Schiff calls Trump ‘vindictive’ after president’s Twitter attacks 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Lordy, there are tapes. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House &gt;&gt;&gt;@realDonaldTrump is TRASH SCUM 
Here’s your Sharia‼️ Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
@Almostmiddleag1 @Curren_S @TyMel0822 @itscurixus 👉 @Almostmiddleag1 ..... Now what were you saying about science and scientist being more moral people that Christians? Did you imply that science offers better morality because it is honest? What about the people in it? 
#CrookedHillary stealthy preparing a run for #Democrat presidential nomination. She will announce after #SouthCarolina primary. Current contenders will be ambushed. Count on it. 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable .@SrnateGOP .@senateDems 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
President Trump ( POS POTUS) on Friday became the first sitting president to attend the annual anti-abortion March for Life rally in Washington, DC. 
.@MaddowBlog: Why Bolton’s book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate. 
Well he better find them. I’m sick of republicans being the democrats bitches. 
Joe: Dems breeze past Trump as impeachment impact settles in 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Pretending????he hasn’t been pretending for a long time!!!! 
I'm beginning to wonder if this outbreak is really a Chinese experiment on germ warfare and containment. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Former Ambassador: Pompeo's failure to defend Yovanovitch is a 'dereliction of his duty' 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Why r we surprised when muslims follow sharia? #ShariaKills 👇👇👇👇👇👇 
@BrandonBeckham_ @SexCounseling @realDonaldTrump @JoeBiden The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
I thought Trump didn't want it to be just dismissed. #CorruptTrump #ImpeachmentTrial #CorruptGOP 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted #AAG #AAG2020 
Lincoln Chafee on his decision to run for president as a Libertarian: 'Major parties have let us down' 
Huge crowds come out to see President Trump because he is authentic. He is a patriot and he loves America. His successes for America keep coming nonstop. #AmericaFirst Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
typical democrat. When the black gay guy sexually assaults somebody it’s swept under the rug. I thought white men were terrorists according to Don Lemon. He shouldn’t be sexually assaulting them but then again, he’s married to one anyway #CNNisFakeNews 
@senatemajldr @GOPLeader - This is so disappointing!! I, along with many of my fellow #Deplorables, am sick and tired of this idiocy!! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Makes you wonder if it was germ warfare trial 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him The midget has even started making up stories 
@WhiteHouse Funny how the #WhiteHouse is trying to address "national concensus," at ~8:30 pm, NBC ran this article about "national concensus" ~4 hours earlier. 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
Fmr. US-Iran negotiator Hillary Mann Leverett says Pres. Trump was "scared there could be a Benghazi moment on his watch" after Iraqi protestors stormed the U.S. embassy in Baghdad. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump @dearsusanbranch 
Here's the full audio of the Lev Parnas ~ Trump dinner. What kind of security does this clown have that he can be recorded with a cell phone on the table for over an hour?? Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
John Bolton blows the lid off #Trump's defense about #Ukraine #TheyAllKnew #TrumpKnew #ImpeachmentTrial @CoryBooker @BernieSanders @SenWarren @AOC #TrumpIsGuilty #EndTheCoverUp @SpeakerPelosi #ThatHasBeenProved #TrumpImpeachmenteTrial 
A full year before he extorted Ukraine, Trump was asking Parnas how vulnerable the country was to a Russian takeover if not for American aid. This needs to be included in the impeachment trial. 
Ahead of the 2016 elections, Donald Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 elections, he's saying ... something... 
Democracy 2020 Digest: Bloomberg dings Sanders on Vermont senator’s home turf 
@Mitt You should have beaten Obama. Blame yourself cause you choked at the end. After hearing just two hrs of Republicans defense, you are already calling for witnesses!? Man, you are a LOSER! @SenateGOP, @realDonaldTrump 
With White House defense going last, House managers prepare for pre-buttal? 
Sen. Manchin: We need all the evidence and all the witnesses #AAG #AAG2020 
This was epic watching 3 ex' Republicans taking down Trumpian Steve Dipshit Cortes. -- Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
"Trump's teammate stated at 9:01 pm at it's core this case is very simple, AND THE KEY FACTS ARE UNDISPUTED. IF THE KEY FACTS ARE UNDISPUTED THEN THAT MEANS HES IMPEACHED 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
@SenateGOP Intentional #lying in #Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Demeaning and threatening the press is a tactic used by the Nazis as a propaganda tactic to deceive the public and discredit the free press holding them to account. Sound familiar? #FreedomOfThePress #TrumpAlwaysLies #Propaganda #bullying #FirstAmendment 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected. 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono. This woman has good points. I’m retired so I could stay up so late. I can’t believe it’s so late. Public can only get second hand information instead of being able to watch it there selves. We r Citizens. 
I am taking a break from Infowars so please check out today also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #ServiceDesign #Pittsburgh @SGH_RTs #GoGoCosplay #GuildBulletin #HealthyRecipes #TrenRoca #AmWriting #Hunting #Tunisia #MachineLearning 
Tell us again how you didn’t know Lev Parnas! 🤣 ...idiots, I swear. 
It isn't just Republican lawmakers; Trump voters are entirely aware that Trump is breaking the law, and they approve of him doing it. 
From Discover on Google 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
This piece features the full clip of @JoeScarborough today, on the embarrassing performances of Donald Trump’s defense team. It is comedy gold and dead-on accurate. Must-see TV. Bravo! “A confederacy of dunces defends Trump” #MorningJoe 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@forgottenson09 @JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends 2020: Vote Out Trump &amp; Republicans Whose Only Goal is 2Enrich themselves &amp; Wealthy Donors! Now They Want 2Cut Social Security/Medicare/Funding 4State Medicaid! They Already Cut Food Stamps! Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' That's right....we DO love him. 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth ⁦@MikeBloomberg⁩ 
Conservative officials &amp; their consultants must recognize that criminal justice reform is popular w/ voters Left and Right. This analysis of the votes for La's governor shows when Republicans refuse to address the flaws in the CJ system they lose votes. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation #THETRUMPTAPES ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@TeamTrump⁩ ⁦@POTUS⁩ IT'S TIME TO RESIGN!!! 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Lemon's name couldn't be more appropriate...Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
Kobe Bryant crash investigators report tremendous response to request for #WEATHER photos; NTSB official describes debris fi #GPWX 
Free speech is dead in England 
Steve Hilton: Democrats' case for Trump's impeachment is so thin, it can be rebutted in under 4 minutes | 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
When does it end? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ and ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ have a chance to save America from this #WitchHunt #gop 
ISN’T THIS THE STUPID ASS BACKWARDS TYPICAL ANSWER YOU WOULD EXPECT FROM A COUNTRY THAT PLACES PRIDE ABOVE HUMAN LIVES. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Claire Danes turned down 'Titanic' role, has 'zero regret' 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that ⁦ ⁦@Disney⁩ We deserve better than this. Why are you aligning yourself with CNN &amp; others insulting your customers non stop? ⁦ 
Fascinating polling indicates a strong "smart on crime" message beats accusations of "soft on crime" even during election season 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Great Job @MayorMikeDuggan @Local4News @wxyzdetroit we are third. And you think this is a comeback? 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees I told yall never count out Hag Hillary she is making her move ole Bernie is already screwed. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Vote NO witnesses. Republicans find your balls 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Most of the shit that came out of his mouth is wrong. Too bad his supporters are too fucking stupid to realize that. 
In who’s addled mind is the Washington Examiner considered a conservative’ newspaper? Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump Blackburn has lost all dignity 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
#88a49ff07d1b56c89829fe129e6d07c8 9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
After days of fidget spinners, GOP senators ‘attentive’ during team Trump presentation 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
It seems that they never learn. DNC has their favorites and Bernie is not one of them. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@tomserio1 @dbongino @TrydecafCoffey McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Lev's productions have been more informative than anything you or Faux State News have ever put out. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
BREAKING: Fotis Dulos, who is charged with the murder of his estranged wife, has attempted suicide, his lawyer says; Jennifer Dulos was last seen in Connecticut on May 24. 
This blatant lie is why the general public has absolutely no faith in you. Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' Lemon’s IQ is lower than his ratings! 
WH is trying very hard to discredit Bolton. Trouble is, POTUS has already been caught in 10,000+ lies, we NOW are suddenly to believe him and his swamp managers? 
So Happy for you Liam that it is over and you can breathe a sigh of relief. @MileyCyrus Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth finalize divorce: report 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | - Graham is a class act in addition to being a very caring person. 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Jessica Simpson admits she always had alcohol cup 'filled to the rim' with her before sobriety #SmartNews 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Dangerous, Despot, Liar Americans on the right must consider what a #SoftDictator like Trump would be like. He may not use force like Hitler, but can bend our country towards acquiescence to evil acts #GOPLiarsDespotsCriminals 
“Biden says he would not cut Social Security benefits as POTUS 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, former VP Joe Biden says he will not cut Social Security benefits if he becomes president.” 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Time to Let the Truth come out. BOOM. #ImpeachmentHoax “McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt” 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@PeteButtigieg is the best candidate to take on Donald Trump... Truth! Buttigieg: Polls show I'm best to take on Trump 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #California 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Is there a correlation btwn the nepotism and front-runners? (Irony) Wonder if Bloomberg talking in $ to run political ads? Sure the others are. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@realdonaldtrump False! The US House of Representatives are not responsible for supplying the President with lawyers. The President and White House have their own layers and witness whom you blocked refused to send your lawyers. You refused to cooperate! 
Nothing sus.. spokesperson for YouTube told the Post the company is “investing heavily to raise authoritative content on our site and reduce the spread of misinformation on YouTube." #coronavirus 
Behind the scenes: How the Democratic House managers prepped their trial presentation 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@KerrAvon4 @no_whip_motley @jkfecke @drmistercody @JRubinBlogger @JoeBiden @BernieSanders and that will expand as we continue to expose the liberal elites like Joe Biden along with Republicans as the orchastrators of mass incarceration 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack #AAG #AAG2020 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation STOP FLIGHTS TO AND FROM CHINA until there is an understanding on how it is spreading 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Republican congressional hopeful bills herself as the anti-AOC | 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
More proof that @realDonaldTrump is a liar. He claimed he didn’t know Lev a Parnas. This video proves otherwise. Guilty AF. 
Trump announces plan for two-state solution to bring peace to the Middle East Trump proposes tunnel linking West Bank with the Gaza Strip; Security Studies Group president Jim Hanson weighs in. #FoxAndFriendsFirst 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Prince Andrew has ‘provided zero cooperation’ in Jeffrey Epstein probe, authorities say 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Romney now has Pat Toomey R-PA on board for witnesses. RINOS walking right into Schumer's trap, even though there are 50 giant signs saying BEWARE! Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
If MSNBC &amp; CNN were smart they would learn but they're to deeply entrenched in the Democrat Party. has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Ayers was a Soros funded politician. This is what he wants all over America. Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
In the last couple of minutes of this, @ewarren is lucid and inspiring about #corruption under @realDonaldTrump -- and about what next to do. 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador #foxandfriends #foxnews 
Schumer: Republicans 'don't want to hear the true facts' during impeachment Sen Schumer claimed that his Republican counterparts "don't want to hear the true facts" during the impeachment trial of President Trump 
"Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan" FOX NEWS 
Parnas says Trump, Pence, Barr, Bolton, Nunes all knew about Ukraine pressure campaign. If Parnas is telling the truth, at the very least Barr should be out of a job. Pence should be called as a witness with Bolton Nunes needs to be kicked off committees 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #AAG #AAG2020 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Remember this??? Obviously complicit GOP was attending Putrid's Fast-track Workshops on 'Ways to Implement Tyranny and Fascism in the West': 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump finds semi-official impeachment role for far-right GOP reps 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
Rachel Maddow 1/21/20 
Pretend sitting at a table with #tRump. I’d be bored to death after 5 minutes. 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered 
#TuesdayThoughts another day another DEMOCRAT criminal in politics charges with a crime CORRUPTION? 
Katy Tur: "What do you say to those who think the campaign is a bit too 'BRO-ey' for them?". This. Is. Journalism? But Andrew's answer was great. 
Collaboration seems like a really good idea in this case. 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
BREAKING: US prosecutors have charged Harvard University's chemistry dept. chair with allegedly lying to the US Dept. of Defense about his work for a Chinese talent recruitment program. 
Joy Reid: Do not write off the South! 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
We don't need EITHER of them. Pence has been complicit in this entire situation which Trump indicated early on, prompting Pence to "lawyer-up" pretty quick. Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
Lev Parnas keeps better records than the National Archive. Who would ever think this guy will become a historian... Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
3 minutes of the emotional Biden interview this morning. "Every morning I get up, Joe. It's not a joke. I think to myself, is he proud of me." "Promise me Dad, promise me Dad you'll stay engaged." #Biden2020 #VoteBlue2020 #MorningJoe 
@CurtisHouck @realDailyWire @RealSaavedra This happened 5 days ago - did DW report on it? 
The House of Representatives hold a moment of silence in honor of Kobe Bryant #AAG #AAG2020 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
👍👍👍👍👍Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
.@JoyAnnReid: Democrats "hate the president" is not a legal argument 
I’m confused: did Azar say explicitly that China declined CDC offer to send team to China? To me, this seems like an ongoing efforts. 
"Earlier today, Los Angeles, America and the whole wide world lost a hero," Grammys host Alicia Keys said Sunday night. "We're literally standing here in the house that Kobe Bryant built." 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Trey Gowdy: If Biden wasn't a candidate, would charges against Trump be impeachable offenses? 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@JonathanTurley @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
A budget of $312M and he can’t clean up the streets. Here’s an idea... the City of SF should hire @ScottPresler — he’ll get it done in two weeks and save them $312,950,000. 
@BlackSuprt @AndrewYang Mayo Pete cozying up to billionaires? Hard pass please. Have no idea why you falling for MSM ad spend. Hard pass for me. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Oh well,the blind leading the fools... 
At the Morgan-Stanley conference last Wednesday, January... 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters @WajahatAli @TheRickWilson @donlemon and @CNN support racism and rape 
Hey, the 99%, get ready to be fucked over by the Orange Asshole and the TrumpTHUGlican party led by their traitorous Moscow Mitch and the hilarious Devin NumbNuts. In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Why are Dems and left-wing media so afraid of putting up a strong free-thinking female, combat Vet, who actually has ability to unite Dems, independents and moderate GOP? Why is ⁦@TulsiGabbard⁩ ⁦@TulsiPress⁩ a threat? 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns 
@seanhannity @jsolomonReports @GOP @realDonaldTrump 1/ Wait, what?! This is even worse. You mean you were already investigating Ukraine but waited... John Solomon claims new document shows 'significant shift' in 'factual timeline' of Ukraine matters | 
One plan is to amend any resolution calling for a particular witness to also include a package of witnesses that assuredly wouldn't win enough support in the Senate. 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
"Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report" FOX NEWS 
Good news. ◾WH telling airlines they're considering halting China flights ◾Finally!! Deep precautions being used on 210 State Dept personnel &amp; US citizens flewn out of Wuhan. Isolation. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations" FOX NEWS 
CHRIS HAYES ROCKS! 🎉 @chrislhayes @ 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
"How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet" FOX NEWS #trends #Technology #foxnews #followme #Developer 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
New evidence shows fears about legality of Trump Ukraine scheme 
.@neal_katyal: "The president has a very weak case... the president is trying to use executive privilege just to hide stuff from the American people, and it's a sure loser." 
.@JoeNBC says a "confederacy of dunces" defended President Trump at the Senate impeachment trial. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Chris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Ari Melber: 'It's legal to lie on the Internet' If lying on the internet were illegal, most dating sites would be put out of business. 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
From Discover on Google 75% OF AMER WANT THIS FARCE THROWN OUT! 75% OF #MSM #DEM KOOLAID OVERDOSED MESMERIZED GULLIBLE BRAINLESS SHEEP WANT WITNESSES! PERIOD! 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ Thank you for speaking up! The behavior of some of our national news channels today is so shameful! 😞Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
On point! Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
@realDonaldTrump Another link in case the first one doesn’t work: 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
@realDonaldTrump Your people got it wrong, again. "Unwilling to present a defense, White House skips impeachment hearings" 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Hellloooo! Just wondering. Are any feminist groups interested in this? Or are we still sticking our collective heads in the sand? 
► U.S. Military Plane Crashes In Afghanistan #CAFA #ConsciousAwarenessForAll #MeritFreeman #MERIT #StayConsciousMyFriends #KnowledgeIsPower #SharingIsCaring #RogueJournalism #FearlessActivism 
The arena capacity is 7,500... 158,632 people applied for tickets. 73,482 voters were identified and info recorded, 10.4% didn't vote in 2016 ... and 26.3% of whom were Democrats! This is New Jersey! Something huge is happening across the United States! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 😏 
@SenateGOP @WhiteHouse Intentional #lying in #Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
@akri2000 That’s crazy but THIS IS EVEN CRAZIER 210 People landed at March AFB, 2hrs away from LA. They better quarantine and check for the Wuhan Coronavirus from China 🇨🇳 
Not at all surprising... San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
How Bernie Sanders supporters shut down a Donald Trump rally in Chicago 
"I've seen a few people look down at their shoes when strong cases are made for national security. To me, they look embarrassed because they know very well what was going on here, and so many of them have spoken out against Russia in the past, and... 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Nicolle Wallace: Mitch McConnell 'playing with lit matches' during impeachment process 
@trish_regan @JennaEllisEsq @NigerInnisCORE @KurtSchlichter @GordonGChang HE IS GOING TO CUT Social Security. 
"But to have Schumer come up and say this out of the blue, 'Maybe the president's kids are making money' with no evidence at all, that's defamation and they ought to sue him," Paul remarked. 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested...Surprise Surprise Surprise 
#RandPaul blasts 'scurrilous' #Schumer for #defaming #Trump #family: 'They ought to #sue him' 
HEY REPUBS. NO! NEED TO KEEP THREATHEN THE DEMOCRATS THE WHOLE WORLD CAN SEE 👀(GOD) HAS LEFT YALL PEOPLE, EVERYBODY KEPT SAYING, JUST SIT BACK AN LET THE DEVIL&amp;HIS CHILDREN THINK THEY WINNING! TOLDCHA! U WILL NEVER WIN! PLAYING WITH THE DEVIL-VS-(GOD) 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"On the contrary, most Americans opposed Clinton’s impeachment, a detail Starr was comfortable ignoring." 
@theview Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
@TheZer0Crack @beanbeankitty @thezerocrack With the chance of being politically incorrect, but doesn’t this look like that Facebook lady?! 🤔 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Tucker: Bernie Sanders intends to upend America's economic order 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo 
VIRUS DEATH TOLL RISES 🇬🇧 United Kingdom British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears ☣ ☠ #ChinaOutbreak #Virus #Death #CoronaraVirus 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', ... 
Kenneth Starr, the former Special Counsel whose initial investigation of an Arkansas land deal involving President Bill Clinton morphed into a relentless six-year-long pursuit of the man that was worthy of Inspector Javert, made an ass of himself today. 
I know I'm preaching to the choir, but this is such a great article that's collected a huge amount of support for our president. Love it. Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
I am galumphing into an abandoned WalMart so yell at #FishingForRobots #PHP @ShoutGamers #Hunting #RewardsPoints #Pittsburgh @FearRTs @MightyRTs #HealthyRecipes #HealthyRecipes @SGH_RTs @FlyRts #FreeCalifornia #Jobs #HillaryEmail #Eventi 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say 
This is where it started...one guys opinion about the woman ambassador and Trump orders to "take her out! Do it tomarrow" Holy crap 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Another win for all you still supporting the criminal. 🙄 
MaddowBlog: Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@RICHARD40800494 @denise_vert @washingtonpost "plead the 5th" like his longtime associate Roger Stone? 
@abigailmarone When I see @donlemon this is all I think of 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | reason they don’t want help is because they unleashed virus to kill off half their population. You would be stupid not to see it. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@GarrettHaake @SenatorBurr @RandPaul @MarshaBlackburn Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Swamp Scum Stench Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa’s Ernst ‘gave up the game’ 
#ChuckSchumer Eat my ass ! Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
The feud between Trump, Bloomberg heats up 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
I'll just leave this here for you to think about #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho #wearebetterthanthis 
#VOTEHEROUT Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@2comprendre @Bill_Maxwell_ Johnson =#GOP hardliner. How was he 'supporting' Biden? He was there in 2014 (?) just to attend Poroshenko's inaug I think. No 'policy actions' then. Later: Johnson keeps repeating #Russian Talking points: Ukraine was the one who attacked DNC. (inaccurate) 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Chuck Rosenberg: ‘You don’t trade’ witnesses 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the... 
We just keep WINNING!!! has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 312 million dollars for the city since 2012 along come Muhammad something and nothing done. Where is the money????????? 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops! 
Rep. Nunes: I'm not afraid of new witnesses, the facts will remain the facts #AAG #AAG2020 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@_Kel_Varnsen_ @irobot_destroy @nivek_610 These are your leaders! 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters 
I am proud to be from this New Jersey. The New Jersey that re-elected Bob Menendez not so much. 
So pathetic. President Trump has hundreds of thousands of people at his rallies. Biden has 30 people. Who needs this more???? 🤔🤔🤔🤣🤣😂🤣😘 Juan Williams on Bolton: Trump was saying 'I want to withhold aid to get something for myself' 
.@chrislhayes: "Don't you think they would have said something about Hunter Biden and Burisma at the time it was happening? ... They didn't. That's how you know the entire thing has been retroactively reverse-engineered solely for political purposes." 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Note: need 51, as "Chief Justice John Roberts highly likely to abstain." Exactly as Zen Master said earlier. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Don't believe he really stands for the cause. It's just to hold on to the last thread of supporters he has in the midst of the case being made for his removal. 
California man pleads guilty to railroad spike killings targeting homeless 
@Shem_Infinite @nytimes @deanbaquet @Shem_Infinite @BOOMER4K @FOOL_NELSON @CarrollQuigley1 @MyBrothers111 I am trying not to get ahead of myself but . . . Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
.@POTUS @realdonaldtrump @SenTedCruz @johnCornyn @senatemajldr @JimInhofe @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul @SenatorLankford Republicans can't even protect their party leader. Especially considering what Trump has done for our country. 
Warren endorsement by Des Moines Register explained by executive editor 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Oops! 
#Privilege #WealthPrivilege Antonio Brown appears in court, told he can remove ankle monitor and travel in US 
WATCH: Chuck Todd takes a look at how many times House impeachment managers discussed the Bidens during Thursday's opening arguments. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 😁#Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses - Call your senators and tell them to vote NO on witnesses! Mitt Romney, Utah; Lisa Murkowski, Alaska; Lamar Alexander, Tennessee; Susan Collins, Maine #nowitnesses 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
@ericswalwell From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@realDonaldTrump Your VP is going after you behind the scenes... 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says | 
'Roughest' KFC installs fence between counter and customers for employee safety 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Don Lemon must look at himself he just a gay moron that uses veryignorantnaratv 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Anyone else thinking that from the GOP’s perspective this whole trial is nothing but a game of ‘owning the libs’? 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump joe there is a saying , that for money the monkeys dance for the chimpance. 
After his comments about the NPR reporter Pompeo would have been facing the sack in previous administrations, but this administration is full of #CORRUPTION and #traitorous arseholes "Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
"Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick'" 
@2170Whitehaven @BobLonsberry As of five days ago it was in the discovery phase: 
Burlington College is just like Venezuela: the politicians/@BernieSanders wife get VERY RICH while LITERALLY running a college/country into the ground. Sanders is a FAKE, a FRAUD, a HUCKSTER. 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
@realDonaldTrump Special Government Employee @PamBondi , accepted a $25K campaign donation from the illegal “Trump Foundation”. My oh my...she was investigating fraud allegations of “Trump Foundation” before the illegal donation and then it went away. 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Honestly, I am so disgusted with him, his family, Republicans who support him and the holy rollers who think he’s the Second Coming. My opinion of those who support him ranks lower than my opinion of pedophiles. 
Sen. Murphy: Trump's legal team was 'engaging in a Trump 2020 commercial' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Virginia House advances gun control measures after protest 
I may be Gen X but I pretty much agree with this Boomer 100% 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
.@AriMelber calls Ken Starr's defense of President Trump "a disaster for Republicans. A total, unmitigated, legal, and constitutional disaster." 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
Nicolle Wallace breaks down the defense presented by President Trump's legal team: "They never disputed the fact pattern ... by the end, they weren't even really disputing what the results should be." 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
Your two faced president 
.@PeterBeinart link stopped working. Corrected: 
@GeraldoRivera @LindseyGrahamSC @RepAdamSchiff Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
A new msnbc app! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza President Trump called for a two-state solution to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict; reaction and analysis from Dr. Ahmed. #FoxandFriends 
Crime surged in South Bend, Indiana under Mayor Pete Buttigieg Now maybe people will listen &amp; see, he has full-ideal what's in the inner-city...It's called #JustIgnoringIt 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Thursday's Mini-Report, 1.23.20: Today's edition of quick hits. 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
@MarshaBlackburn Why Graham keeps bringing up his bipartisan immigration bill Trump rejects immigration 'compromise' he's supposed to support 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Three Chinese cities on lockdown, travel disrupted amid coronavirus outbreak 
Sens. Sanders, Warren and Klobuchar made a beeline for Iowa once they were cleared from Capitol Hill on Saturday after President Trump's defense lawyers wrapped up their arguments for the day, while Sen. Bennet made his way to New Hampshire. 
Yup, I witnessed that in real time. It is not something that can be spun and disputed by trump’s supporters. To the trumpeter’s credit the have succeeded in undermining public education to ensure that the body politic is incapable of independent... 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Hes a Democrat... Don't let him fool you.. hes a independent in name only. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ You need to apologize for tweeting out lies!!! #TlaibLies 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #TrumpRallyNJ 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much 
OMG, requiring Palestinians to reform before they get statehood?!?! More #QuidProQuo from #OrangeManBad! Dims will have to impeach again. 
If this guy makes it- can someone look into whether the #ClintonCrimeFamily isnt in charge of suicide watch? #Epsteindidntkillhimself 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@myshadyroots @Dasani_01 @LovenTreasure Here ya go 3 links for you to go and read it for yourself. You can plainly see where SCHIFF LIED about what was said. Memo? LMAO All 3 of those sites call it a Transcript. Time to wake up 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
House managers say impeachment is 'not about Donald Trump' but 'our Constitution'. The truth will set us free! Pay attention. It’s not about Trump, it’s about our Constitution! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
Buttigieg: 'This election process is about what happens after Donald Trump' 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Man made climate change is fake. That’s the correct answer. 
Bernie’s going down again. 
Juan Williams on Bolton: Trump was saying 'I want to withhold aid to get something for myself' @rhotwire 
@JennaEllisEsq @realDailyWire Don Lemon says he doesn't belittle anyone. Interesting but I don't watch him. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
They refuse to even allow a Senate vote on protecting our elections from foreign interference. #SignsTheyAreHidingSomething 
US military plane crashes in Afghanistan with 5 onboard, official says 
CDC: 110 suspected coronavirus cases in US under investigation, number 'will only increase' #foxnews 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump’s removal 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal #04c8e9407b5654a7a7b42c3b34b20e68 #foxnewsopinion 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Why is there such a push to build cars that don't need drivers? 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Donna Brazile recounts push to honor Martin Luther King Jr. with national holiday 
She was poisoned if your making the choice to get high does not mean you made a choice to die...this reminds me of my sweet pea RIH KANY RIH LEXII 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base #outbreak #zombie apocalypse #infected #precautions #health #safety 
Earthquake strikes in the Caribbean’s followed by an after shock as natives are being rushed to safety #S20mcj1021/29 
Nuclear fallout exposes fake 'antique' whisky 
Idiot senators cannot see that Bolton’s move was calculated &amp; engineered by House dems. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
With over 200 sources, @CarolLeonnig and @PhilipRucker have written the history we're all living right now in their new book #AVeryStableGenius. Watch more: #11thHour 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
#Senator #Coons #ShootsDown #ImpeachmentWitness #QuidProQuo with #GOP #News #TrumpLies #TrumpAdministration #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrail #Witnesses #Trump 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
#Palestinians and #IslamicExtremists only want one version of a #2StateSolution wherein the 2 states are states of alive and dead , they want Muslims alive and Jews dead and it's not negotiable. Twitter this is a fact so don't suspend me for it 
Makes sense, good for business for The #Trump Organization “NYT: #Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize We need to get rid of this thing ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!! There is only one shot that can eliminate this sickness, it's called a firing squad. 
⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ pull a Kavanaugh hearing stunt, tell Lev Parnas to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
CNN's Don Lemon accused of assault in sexually charged encounter at New York bar | This is how gross Don Lemon is. Retweet if you agree. @CnnBe 
@davidsirota you Bernie Bots need to stop trying to dig up shit from 30-40 yrs ago (bernie is just as vunerable with his lonnng record) and worry about what was said TODAY !!!! Biden is NO threat to SS...but Trump IS !!!! 
@sfpelosi @GOP The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets Maine’s 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
Confessing in broad daylight!Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
@WordswithSteph Its a #GOP masturbation fantasy to be able to #GUT #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare_Medicaid! They want into all those lovely #TRILLIONS in #SS so bad they can taste it! We ALL know it's the #TrumpTaxScam #GOPTaxScam that's ran both #Debt &amp; #Deficit up! #Liars 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
President Trump is absolutely right. President Trump calls out climate change hysterics as 'prophets of doom' 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
In reversal, Dumbshit Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
They should be embarrassed... 'Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' - 
@Jerusalem_Post @realDonaldTrump But could deliver long term 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its snout 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters #Backtracking and not very convincingly #ShameOnYou ⁦@donlemon⁩ 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Rep. Val Demings: "We are going to continue to push for documents and witnesses ... What trial in America does not have witnesses and documents?" 
Rev. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@stlmcfc "His strength among white voters – and particularly working-class whites....some of Trump's strongest support came from white voters without a college degree (67%) – and particularly white men without a degree (72%)." - , November 9, 2016 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trump/GOP plan to cut #SocialSecurity if re-elected. We need to increase benefits, not cut them. @SenSanders has a plan to expand social security. 
MaddowBlog: Finding himself in a hole, Sec. Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
WATCH NOW: Joe Biden hits the trail in New Hampshire as rivals focus on impeachment trial 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
Watch live: Senate impeachment trial of President Trump 
Go 
⁦@IlhanMN⁩ ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ RELIGION of PEACE, my ass! Please don’t ever PRETEND YOU SUPPORT WOMEN’S RIGHTS! Islam=Religion of PERSECUTION! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McConnell facing re-election fight and impeachment Did anyone know that Mitch McConnell was discharged from the service for Sodmoy. Ya, google Mitch McConnell Sodmoy. Show me your friends and I’ll tell you what kind of person you are. 
Tucker Carlson asks why the media is ignoring more important stories in favor of impeachment trial | 
President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu. 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga | 
So you're saying you don't have the votes to acquit @realDonaldTrump even after hearing his defense team? 
Iowans want Socialism?...if not, you better saddle up...Donna Brazile expects record-high turnout for Iowa caucuses | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing #Topbuzz 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@NeckroCYKO @oliverdarcy @kris_kinder also see @NormEisen 
Trump is not a king and is not above the law! Interesting article in The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
To save face, instead of voting, they can leave for the bathroom during voting time! 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@realDonaldTrump -All In With Chris Hayes THING 1 THING 2: Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution. 
@RepValDemings @SpeakerPelosi even msnbc realizes the "material he was referring to was not the documents you are obsessed with:. "In context, it seems to me that the president wasn’t referring to documents the White House has withheld from investigators" 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins From Discover on Google @TheView @cspanwj 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Dam @sensanders @aoc seems like socialism does pay well! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@SenateGOP The GOP &amp; our president has not supported Transparency. Click on the link below. 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Whose sick of lies? 🤮 Brian Williams, Sen. Angus King call out defense attorney Jay Sekulow's false flag argument on who interfered with US elections 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
#ObstructionOfCongress #WhereAreTheWitnesses #ImpeachedNowRemoveAndConvict Former Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Dimms and RINOs winning this battle. They'll run this as long as possible, while they try to find something else. SMH McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Former #trump #ChiefofStaff #JohnKelly: 'I believe John #Bolton' 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees. Clinton in charge to get Bernie out 
The same who puts National Security conversations on the table w/ people he JUST met is a sick threat to world w/ America first. How many video recordings by Parnas &amp; OTHERS??? Talk about leverage... 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters He can’t even man up and apologize 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' Shark News-Opinion-It seems anything connected to the Corrupt Dems and media are part of the DC SWAMP! What won’t be funny is when they get beat.tears? 
Fun watching Republican vs. Republican battle over derisive name-calling. But my fav moment was when @JoyAnnReid threw this out there, "Trump sets the example, he should Be Best" lol. Get 'em, girl. @amjoyshow 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
NBC's Pete Williams reports that there will be no fast-track for the Obamacare case in the Supreme Court and that it "remains on the books for at least another year" 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
What a lying clown @donlemon is. He is the intolerant bully he hates. I wonder if he would accept his own response from someone he hates if they laughed at a joke he considers hateful? Nope. 
From Discover on Google 
Nice work by weaving in lines from A Few Good Men into this fascinating 7 minute package on day 1 of the Trump impeachment trial: 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Hopefully they will wake up before it’s to late. 
.@MaddowBlog: Finding himself in a hole, Sec. Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Here is the leftists game: CORRUPTION AT PIBLIC EXPENSE. “San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested” for corrupt conduct. And yet these Libs keep putting this trash in charge of their cities. It’s mind boggling! 
Day 7 of the Trump impeachment trial in the Senate | 
@Benjibeckman @BartokianN @BadSunAK @ASegals @robrousseau @cmclymer @NastyWoman1012 No, your refusal to accept the reality that this is a different election cycle from 2016 and that Sanders has a far more diverse base of support this time around is. 
"Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas" FOX NEWS 
Sorry. But all people on board including the crew should be put in quarantine ! 
The DNC should have realized everything this local journalist could see a long time back. P.S. Love the liberty green jacket she sported for this. 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods | “When weighing the seriousness of the Ukraine scandal, consider the simple fact that Trump seems wholly incapable of telling the truth about what transpired.” 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
2019 saw a record number of manatee boating mortalities. However, it is also due to many caring, vigilant boaters who slow down, look out for manatees and report injured manatees to @MyFWC so they can be rescued and treated at facilities like @ZooTampa 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
'What Sick and Twisted Ivory Tower Do You Live In?' Marine Blinded in Attack Rips Canada's Trudeau 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews Graham thinks he is a constitutional scholar when in actuality he is not much better than a Lot Lizard. 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Fmr. @clairecmc excoriates Sen. Marsha Blackburn for her criticism of Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman saying, "Don't you lecture anybody about how patriotic a veteran like Vindman is..." #11thHour 
@terrymadeline13 @ChidiNwatu @realDonaldTrump How many did you poll to get your claim? Btw, even Fox thinks the polls are worth reporting. BTW, learn how polling works. Don’t be a know nothing. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Trump admin. expected to add new visa restrictions for pregnant women; raises questions about how officers would determine whether a woman is pregnant. 
O don't care for this clown, but I do agree with him. 
Melber: 'Constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
From Discover on Google 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
🤷🏻‍♀️Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
@marklevinshow makes some really good points! 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops TO SLOW TO MOVE OVER 
"Jessica Simpson admits she always had alcohol cup 'filled to the rim' with her before sobriety" 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@lisamurkowski This is the equivalent of the Watergate tapes, Babe! 
Rep. Van Drew to join President Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party. #VoteRepublicanToSaveAmerica2020. #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff" FOX NEWS 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Perfect 
If you are going to "CARRY" in your pocket (not advisable) make sure their is no round in the pipe . . . EVER! Use a holster please! Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case vía 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@thespybrief It's been a long week, it's only Tuesday 😜 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@DonaldJTrumpJr The Orange Oz's cowardice knows no limits. 
"If Trump’s behavior were as 'perfect' and 'beautiful' as he’s repeatedly claimed, he won’t feel the need to lie so often and so much." 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Sen. Durbin: If no witnesses under oath, it isn't a trial 
@BrianLenzkes Its all about $$$ 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede #SmartNews 
This is just another reason why I #BoycottNFL. @NFL @nflnetwork @NFLMedia @NFLPlayers @NFLPlayersInc @NFLPlayersUnion 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack #news 
Because they can't Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
British police use Dolly Parton Challenge to find wanted suspects 
Kaine: White House impeachment lawyers avoid making an argument on witnesses 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' #ImpeachmentTrial 
Chris Matthews says Adam Schiff is telling Republican senators, “Not only did he do this and you guys know he did it...He will keep doing it til the last dog dies...til January 20th, 21’ #FridayThoughts 
Yet he seems open to acquittal. What’s up with that, @JoeManchinWV ? 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@MittRomney Yeah, well, the DOJ is already out saying Bolton lied: DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Ohh crap!!! Pun intended 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
#RandPaul blasts Chuck #Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 💥💥💥 #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation 
@criticaltanker @colourbars @SenSchumer @nytimes @senatemajldr One of Putin’s main goal has been to weaken US alliances across the globe. Here is 1 of many documented efforts to weaken US in NATO 
They all get away with lying because voters on the left don’t hold them accountable for morals and ethical standards. LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Disgraceful, but we expect nothing less. 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich. 
Swift Justice taking the Long Way Home. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Don't forget this: "Republican lawmakers face Russian mockery following Moscow trip" 
Breaking: Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
Garden State native Kellyanne Conway: 'South Jersey is Trump country' 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
#DonaldTrump ... #GUILTY.... thank you #JohnBolton for letting the American people and lying #republicans know the truth 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Mark Levin slams Democratic hypocrisy on Trump impeachment, warns Republican 'weak links' against voting for witnesses 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with President Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Lawyers lying for Trump...........McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Considering the source, this sounds promising! 
Eliminate “official misconduct- government gang-ABUSE-MURDER-FRAUD-CRIME-INJUSTICE”network.Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
America's top 5 deadliest cities... what do you think? Notice Chicago, Memphis and Atlanta aren't in there... 
@Ilhan Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Explore the apps that are right for you at Your take on that representative??? 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
@JRubinBlogger BEASTS COMIN’.........HUNGRY! LINDSEY and Durham. Gonna get ugly! psssssssst: hun. You forgot pompeo, making that poor, poor, poor, no skin “reporter”, CRY real tears! BOOTED! Rightfully! 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide DAMM STRAIGHT LAURA! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
"If this is truly what Mr. Bolton has written, then it seems he is attributing to Attorney General Barr his own current views – views with which Attorney General Barr does not agree,"  
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
Trump's defense attorney doesn't even know how to defend Trump! Interesting article me Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
This is one delusional idiot 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies aka John Podesta named to key Dem convention committees 
@Rockmondo @JonesysHeart @brithume Well then expect the POLL numbers to skyrocket after THIS Scotus decision on Tuesday! You see, Trump voters KNOW it's not for a lack of Trump trying, it's the political hack judges making NATIONAL injunctions going against the Potus policies. #MAGA 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch | 
@DavidCayJ Looks like Rucker and Loennig have found out something you have been saying for ages: 
TRUMP HOSTS MASSIVE RALLY IN NEW JERSEY, AS CROWDS LINE MOTORCADE ROUTE 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Sen. @ChrisCoons on Democratic goal for impeachment trial question process 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
@SenCapito @realDonaldTrump I agree with @MittRomney 
"We were definitely troubled and disappointed to read and hear about the president’s comments. I think an apology is the first step that’s needed here." @JeremyButler01 
Former Democrat joins Trump at New Jersey rally #AAG #AAG2020 
@JohnCornyn Republicans are nothing more than Trump *employees* on the US payroll. They are his dutiful, hypocritical puppets who were ready to impeach HRC *before* the election. Remember when Republicans were prepared to impeach Hillary Clinton? 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
@djrothkopf EssenViews - Silence Kills Democracy This is more serious than I thought: Maine Independent Sen. Angus King notes that hearing the evidence against Trump in its totality lead him to realize the "powerful" case against the president. 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable // #DonaldTrump #TrumpImpeachmentTrial // 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Disgusting 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #politics #news #analysis 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology Good Lord!😨 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Doug Collins: 'Selective' leak from Bolton's book 'doesn't change anything' in impeachment trial 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
If this was so important why didn’t Bolton bring this up at the House hearings? 
I hope the citizens rebel and whip the shit out of these floggers. Then find the government officials pushing for it and whip their asses too. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt How are these idiots losing control of this? Stop letting Dems run the damn show. Get control of Romney and shut this farce down NOW! 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
Notice his staff is trying to get ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ to stop talking. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Is hollywood in decline? Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested CELEBRATE DIVERSITY. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Chris Hayes on our pro-war crimes president 
I am home sick from Infowars please watch today #FishingForRobots FearRTs #Freebies #HillaryEmail BlazedRTs #Jobs #100DaysOfCode #Anonymous #TrenRoca #DigitalHealth #Hockey #Eventi #Javascript #GiletsJaunes SympathyRTs #HealthyRecipes #BigData 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@RandyFe67186015 @1BabyCartier @George_Karr @tedcruz Well he with held funds then..... 
Bauer: Dershowitz is 'dead wrong' in his defense of the President 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
#ConfederacyOfDunces OMFG thank you so much Joe. I'm watching it for the 3rd time and God Bless men who will honestly stand up and tell it to you with some color and humor. Trumpers: It's not too late. Don't follow this path. #Bernie2020 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' . Romney is a snake in the grass since he lost the Presidency. He is a RINO who can't accept his loss. He is a real loser!!! 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Please call your senator and say it’s all witnesses or now!! 
@MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump Listen to this! 
Trump lies bout great VA drs and fake accountability Spoke to old Vietnam pal of mine few days ago Said VA so bad can’t believe it Trump lies always MAGA soaks up too ‘You're Fired': Trump warns unethical doctors entrenched in Veterans Administration | 
Sanders campaign fumes as Clinton allies named to key convention committees And: 
Joy Behar links migrants at US-Mexico border to Holocaust during interview with Holocaust survivors 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
hahaha A Confederacy of Dunces...Oh @Morning_Joe You are far too kind...Words cannot express the animosity I feel for this @GOP but my vote in November will! #VoteBlueNoMatterWho 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rep. Crow on Ukraine and the impeachment trial: "This is real people, real lives. There are bullets flying. There are artillery rounds coming down in eastern Ukraine... that's why we're presenting this trial in the very serious and sober way that we are." 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds #news 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as... 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Gee what a shocker, they’re all run by democrats, now who would have guessed that? 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Kobe Bryant reportedly attended Catholic mass hours before crash 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Romney says "it's very likely" he'll be in favor of calling witnesses in President Trump's impeachment trial, but "I haven't made a decision finally yet." 
What is it about the American political system that has cultivated this deeply polarized climate? Listen to journalist @ezraklein discuss with @chrislhayes on #WITHPod. 
This dude don’t even respect the constitution. 😂 this dude is who y’all praise and worship so highly huh? He is a damn joke. HE DONT GIVE TWO SHITS ABOUT ANY OF US! He all for his damn self! 
In 2015, Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
@realDonaldTrump Country Loving Americans LOVE President Trump!!! 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
@GreggJarrett Reputation is all a myth now. For insurance this is our corruption fighting president. 
@RepMarkMeadows @realDonaldTrump THIS IS CALLED PREMEDITATION. 
Can anyone grab 16:21-16:55? Probably one of the most powerful things he's said to date, underrated for sure #YangGang #YangSurge 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Holy Hanna they have found so many chariots lately! Like 6 months ago they found the first chariot ever in the UK. Then there was the tomb w/chariot &amp; horses “leaping”. New tech helping find stuff? What gives? Oh well it’s flippin’ great! #Dirt #Chariot 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Despite earlier controversy, Pam Bondi joining Team Trump 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Thiessen on impeachment: Democrats want to take 2020 decision away from voters 'because Adam Schiff said so' 
JESUS CHRIST IS THE ONLY WAY!!!!! " As Trump goes on trial, new debate over U.S. justice system, prison lawsuit by Jay-Z... 
‘Red, White &amp; Who?” Digital Exclusive: Sen. Bernie Sanders Extended Interview 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say !!!! STUPIDITY !!! 
I tweeted about this progressive Israeli (a former military officer) who opposed military occupation. He was planing to talk to the talk to two Muslim US representatives, but they were prevented from visiting Israel by Netanyahu. 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell'AND WE SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT YPU NAPPY 🦂 
Wallace: In opening argument, Schiff attempts to convince GOP senators to 'be something better' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
This should go viral... Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
Schiff makes case for removal of Trump from office #TrumpEffects @GOP #Worldwide 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day 
It's weird that @realDonaldTrump would tell #LevParnas to #TakeHerOut. #Parnas isnt in #HR. Did @POTUS order a #hit? That seems more alarming than #HeadOnAPike 
CAST YOUR VOTE, LETS FLIP THIS POLL, HooAh...!!!% Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Bob Vollmer, 102, Indiana's oldest state employee, is retiring after almost six decades of being a surveyor! Incredible, right? 😁 #geoplus #surveying #surveyor #work 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
OMG and on too, how is that for hysterically funny - or is this a satire site? This is too funny. Laughing my ass off. This is what they've got? They're in terrible trouble then. Lmao. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been #SmartNews 
Lara Trump says poll with high ratings for economy will be hard for Dems to run against 
She's absofreakinlutely right. They should be embarrassed and ashamed they have been hijacked by 45 on every level. It's not too late to turn this around. Seriously-truth and justice were the American way before November 2016. Call and email... 
After Joe Biden says that Sen. Sanders' attacks on his Social Security record are out of context, @WillieGeist asks Biden if he will cut Social Security benefits if he becomes president. Biden: "No, no, no, no." 
Brit Hume breaks down projections for Iowa caucuses...BERNIE AS POTUS WILL MOVE WHITE HOUSE TO NOME ALASKA TO BE CLOSER TO WHERE HE HONEY MOONED💩🤖🤖🤬🦄 
Mitch McConnell let's the cat out of the bag. #DitchMitch #VoteAmyMcGrath #OneVoice1 #VoteTheRedOut 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
@CrushTheStreet #SARS 2.0 #coronavirus #China has refused continued offers from the U.S. to send #CDC officials to the country to help with the outbreak response. The offer was first made on Jan. 6, as U.S. officials have continued to urge more transparency 
The cover-up continues. 
The funniest part about this is that Don thinks people like me care about what a sexual dent like him thinks. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
@Biden_Front @BernieSanders how Biden family got rich: Hunter 'just the tip of the iceberg' #BidenSocialSecurityCuts 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
'Disaster': How judge in Trump impeachment trial may compel witnesses and break ties 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Very interesting reading,🤔 
WATCH: Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
@washingtonpost Anatomy of a 'smear' Judge reopens Covington Catholic High student's defamation suit against Washington Post What #PinocchioPost did to Covington Catholic kids 
: Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick'. @GoogleNews 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
@TheView tell Joy Behar that nobody had to PAY Trump supporters to want to see our POTUS. Too bad the democrats can't say the same thing. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Michael Bennet: ⁦@POTUS⁩ has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Let it rip....witnesses are necessary in a trial! 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
(Now that was stupid! Glad WHO is there- at this point CDC needs to focus on our Borders at this point!). China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Prince Andrew’s father Prince Philip told the royal to ‘take his punishment’ following Epstein scandal: report 
Chiefs embracing loose locker room culture on Super Bowl run #news 
@poorman_devin @TXHunter75 @billiemacarthur @ColinKahl Scandal surrounding Trump's self-dealing takes an unsettling turn 
Barstow, Calif., shaken by magnitude-4.6 earthquake: preliminary measure 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
.@MaddowBlog: Describing attacks on Joe Biden, Sen. Joni Ernst ‘gave up the game.’ 
In Case You Missed This: I will say GoodNight with this very Positive &amp; Uplifting Amazing Story! An ABSOLUTE MUST READ !!!!! Holocaust survivor, 94, forms unlikely friendship with NYC middle schooler over German language 
It's starting to snowball! 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
@designmelo4 Also, claims that DJT is the first to seriously address the issue, or that MSM doesn't cover it, are false. Examples: CNN doc from 2015: specials from 2014: Obama speech on traff in 2012: 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
They sure will, taking names.. Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing @circleboom 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table | 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Hate has a source and a Healer!! Exposing hate and healing! 
A CULT! A surprising percentage of Donald Trump's Republican base believes he's done illegal and unethical things. These voters, however, just don't seem to care. 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
@ten_epic @raventerp100 Now back to Bernie. He refused to campaign down ticket. He did not care if health care, women's rights, environment or labor suffered b/c of GOP control. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. For once GOP listen to the American people. 
Rep. Nunes: I'm not afraid of new witnesses, the facts will remain the facts Nunes in new witnesses 
Most #viral News Now: GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' #Topbuzz 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 💥Gutter-snipe jerk leftists ⁦@washingtonpost⁩💩The worst 👎👎👎🦃 
Trump slides in poll, even among Trump voters 
@marcushjohnson @BlueSteelDC @PropterMalone @magi_jay “Well, you know,” Sanders said, “people say, ‘Why does Iowa go first, why does New Hampshire go first,’ but I think that having so many Southern states go first kind of distorts reality as well.” 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | He flushed the money to clean up the streets. Up his nose 
Hey @berniesanders, $82.77 million in political ads through Old Towne Media, which could have earned the company a media fee of more than $12 million, based on the industry standard for ad-buy commissions - and wife Jane on payroll. 
@SenateGOP Trump CONTINUES to undermine NATO...Putin celebrates... ...and you all? AWOL! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
@fran_chambers The American people want honesty and a law abiding POTUS #Trump isn't capable of either. #TrumpsRemovalTrial The people you associate with are a reflection of you. 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad @SenatorCollins 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
HOLY POLLS! 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book ‘inadmissible,’ as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
WATCH: Rep. Schiff makes case for President Trump's removal from office with focus on three days in July 2019. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight And the Dems want removal? 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
I'm no negative nancy but I read somewhere that the #coronaravirus can spread even during incubation? I hope that isn't true and that all of these people are not infected. 🙏 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
I disagree I believe Trump and the Republicans have their America in the ditch and her construction Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law THIS IS ISLAM 
#Pence #ChiefOfStaff makes #unprompted #statement on #UkraineScheme #News #TrumpLies #TrumpAdministration #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrail #Witnesses #Trump 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday 
I am taking a break from Infowars so yell at for the duration also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #DesignSprint @DNRRTs @ShoutGamers #DigitalHealth #AmWriting #Eris @MightyRTs #Eventi #HillaryEmail @BlazedRTs #DesignThinking 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
@StacieGodbless @JCPExpress @lkruszka92 @cpurrge @YellowRose4God @rebarbill @barb07555294 @mulko_martha @eytan1212 @scouter12 @AmateurMmo @KBUSMC2 @RadioInfidelSho @B52mechanic @TheyCallMeDoc1 @swilleford2 @Sam2323_43433 @Kimber82604467 @Steve_des @Nobodybutme17 @Really_JimB @justRon13 @jujutsucop @Joe7993 @T67562897 @SmokieMtnsWendy @StevenWebb0512 @Unyielding5 @realW0LFLY @GrandPiJ @TheGrayRider @kingleermiami @DonaldSchuler7 @CombatFoodMedic @Bob_Lester62 @1Kekster @krissie_t @Pawleybaby1999 @Lisamoo81028124 @islandjake5 @jeffnail2 @Bluesman57 @Parineca @LATAMforTRUMP @Skewed_justice @lindamac12steps @PappysFRNTPorch We have it Trump signed an executive order for it. any school that infringes on a child's right to pray can now lose federal funding. Since it is their 1A right. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
@realDonaldTrump All Republicans should hear Donald John Trump ask Lev Parnas — in a conversation recorded by Igor Fruman — how long Ukraine could “last” in its war with Russia without U.S. military aid. #WitnessesAndDocuments #LordyThereAreTapes 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@Sen_JoeManchin hunter biden is not part of the Chargers @POTUS! How even in a political sense are you going to allow this? 
The Republican party is the party of corruption. #Republicans #KenStarrIsAJoke #wtf 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" #Trump's #impeachment legal team seems unprepared or just not able to spew the garbage @Potus disciples practice every day. #ImpeachmentHoax #ImpeachmentHearing #ImpeachmentHoax #MAGA2020 #TAGA 
Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Well looks like Bolton timed this beautifully! 
Al Sharpton tells Chris Matthews that the recently released tapes by Lev Parnas are "bad news" for Trump. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law make sure this never happens here to your daughters or granddaughters. 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
@senatemajldr With the GOP vote for Country over Party,.... for a change???....🤔😉 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say Tragic but again shows that you are more likely to be killed by a gun if there is one in the house. I pray for the family. 
"Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly" FOX NEWS 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book | 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal #CNN #MSNBC 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
San Fran Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru arrested for public corruption. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: ‘I believe John Bolton’ 
Cowardice on display soon: "One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump"... 
McConnell fails...and will be voted out. Bye, bye #MoscowMitch! #OneVoice1 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
@AmDeplorable1 @marklevinshow He literally admitted to obstruction in Davos. Along with other wildly stupid crap. 
I said, 'Listen, how much of this s**t do we have to listen to, right?' " Trump said to applause from the donor crowd. 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy #SmartNews 
Kamala Harris on impeachment trial: ‘Time to do justice’ 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Bottom line is, if the Corporate tax cuts adopted this term were reversed and corporations and the rich required to pay their fair share in taxes, it would amount to... 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' #SmartNews 
"It underscores the fact that there is still so much that hasn't been put before the Senate ... put before the American people," professor Jessica Roth says. "It's a very powerful reminder of the fact that there is clearly additional evidence out there." 
National poll: US majority wants to see ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ removed from office. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Wow! This shit just keeps coming, doesn't it? 
This is now. @SenateGOP will be eviscerated and shamed into obscurity, highlighted only in history, in a very short period of time. There's no future in acting like buffoons. Save yourselves. Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory | 
Or maybe the Impeachment story really is that big, and the "responsible" wants it shoved under the rug.... 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children death penalty 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
@donlemon @CNN @ChrisCuomo Last time I checked, New Jersey was in the north... not us dumb rubes down south...#DonLemonSucksAssJuice 
@LindseyGrahamSC @marthamaccallum the attacks on Biden BUT WHY should the PREZ. care? There are a million crooks EVERY DAY. OH !! 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
Rep. Zoe Lofgren on the new Bolton revelations: 'A game changer' 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January | 
New incriminating evidence against the president comes to light as House votes to send impeachment articles to Senate 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of #Ukraine aid With Trump it will always be about personal gain - no matter who has to get hurt in the process. Inviting #Russia to interfere in our #election was just one part of the #CoverUp 
@LWaterbury @adamwren Meant as a reminder to Republicans what they can have if they impeach Trump. So, satire, I guess. 
@chrislhayes Less than 3 mos after Obama took office... 
Dems are synonymous with WARS! Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
'Caught bluffing': See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
⁦@donlemon⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ Hey Din Lemon 🍋 still laughing at Trump supporters? #elites 
Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' In a just world a wretched creature such as yourself would never be on TV 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Johnson: Day One of impeachment trial was like 'Wheel of Fortune,' Day Two is like 'Wild 'N Out'?😂🌊🌊🌊 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@donlemon, you are a big hypocrite and don't deserve to be respect! #DonLemonGate 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate #AAG #AAG2020 
The best way to combat the idiocy, ignorance, bigotry &amp; racism #DonLemon, Wilson, Ali, &amp; others have shown, is to get out &amp; vote for @realDonaldTrump Make it a #TRUMP2020LandsideVictory #MAGA #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #VoteForTrump2020 
WATCH: @mayawiley says House impeachment managers "brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid" when asking that witnesses and documents be subpoenaed in President Trump's impeachment trial. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@DeadlineWH @ @KatyTurNBC @NicolleDWallace I want a Blue Tsunami so there is no question who won. The Independents, undecided, new voters, voters kicked awake by neighbors are STILL in play. The Twitter sphere is locked, 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@JohnCornyn The majority of American people want the corrupt man squatting in our Whitehouse gone! Keep placing yourself on the wrong side of history and see where that will take you! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Well well well - arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
@KristanHawkins @TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump In 2020 Trump will determine if Americans will kiss their Social Security goodbye. "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
"I think it's fair to say it's the most seismic event in the Middle East in the 21st century," journalist Michael Weiss says about Qassem Soleimani's death. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
Proposed House bill urges NASA to delay putting US boots back on the moon until 2028: #space MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
What was the woman's march for again? 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 4 more years!! Hopefully you won’t have a do nothing but hate Congress. Democrats are as low as they can go. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces is defending Trump: 
@jmalzman @drboycewatkins1 @evanrachelwood The case fell apart because there was no solid evidence. The prosecution's own star forensic witness contradicted their physical evidence that a rape occurred. 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | 
NPR host Mary Louise Kelly says that after an interview with Sec. Pompeo, she was asked to go to another room, where Pompeo shouted at her, asked if she thinks Americans care about Ukraine, used "the F-word," and asked her to point to Ukraine on map. 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' @DonaldJTrumpJr @JudgeJeanine @LouDobbs @seanhannity 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law remember this what @RepAOC @RepRashida and @IlhanMN support 
Never sausage a thing. 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
The left wails about Christians, but wants to bring this to the states. Cant make this stuff up Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@realDonaldTrump HE DID 
@senatemajldr @SenatorCollins @SenatorRomney @SenCoryGardner @lisamurkowski Exactly, what does this thug mean? Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Video: Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@SenDuckworth @openargs Trump’s legal team has a nickname #ConfederacyOfDunces Watch the video 🔥🔥🔥 @georgialove0916 @Nav2115 @mena_ganey @IndivisibleGA04 @IndivisibleGA11 @IndivArtists @GA10Indivisible @Mccallforall @ProjectLincoln 
Trump will cut your SOC and Medicare and ⁦@marcorubio⁩ and ⁦@SenRickScott⁩ will support it completely. Floridians you really need to wake up. 
@Captainspooky2 @LAMBOSOH @stef2dope @olimunn Except in this case, she did lie. She wanted money. She admitted to her friends she wanted to sue him to pay for breast implants and a koala bear. And to top it off, semen was found on her person and clothing that DID NOT match Kobe. 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
As Trump goes on trial, new debate over U.S. justice system, prison lawsuit by Jay-Z &amp; Yo Gotti This truly warms my❤️. Do these 2gentlemen attends church? Don't know! But if this is not a demonstration of obeying God's Commandments, nothing is. 
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump What was in those hacked @RNC emails? We are sure during that golf outing, Trump informed you. Right, Linda? 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Blown Away: Wild video of first-hand tornado experiences 
Rachel Maddow reads an excerpt from "A Very Stable Genius" by Philip Rucker and Carol Leonnig, in which Donald Trump, apparently not understand how laws are passed in the United States, tries to push his staff to undo the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Liquid gas deal? Cannabis?The problem is the ambassador. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ has in unscrupulous individual and he is a dangerous. It’s why he feels he can shoot someone and get away with it.He’s a thug! ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
America's top 5 deadliest cities | 
@KFILE @rachelsklar @Orangeducks In 2016, Bernie Sanders said Southern Democratic primaries “distort reality.” #Bernie2020? 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@RNative2 @love4thegameAK @TransformativeV @beldandolo @TrophyTruck_Q @freenaynow @AllllAbboaaardd @AutistMember @EyesOnQ @X16Son @suyingeorge @destinlola @534f57494c4f0a @PainsAngels2 @mikecrocker20 Q306 Answers - GodFather III 
Rachel #Maddow: "Donald Trump's impeachment defense is based on the idea that he simply did not do what he's accused of doing. John Bolton appears to have first-hand knowledge that the defense is a lie." - #MondayMotivation 
Bernie’s coalition is diverse, broad, and inclusive! 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family~Children ought to sue Sen Minority Ldr Schumer, for defamation of character after he accused both them &amp; their father of illegally making money off of the presidency. 
— The world was ending backstage in a theatre. The clown came out to warn the public ; they thought it was a joke and applauded. #kierkegaard an unavoidable choice between two alternatives. "you can give him an ultimatum—an either/or" 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. YIKES!!! 🤮 
WHY WOULD THE @GOP VOTE TO BLOCK WITNESSES?!!! #FairTrialmyASS 💕⚖️🇺🇸⚖️💕 McConnell says GOP doesn’t have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters. #GoogleBernie #BernieBeatsTrump 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Never Ever‼️ 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Joe: Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
I love Rick Wilson 
@realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@bluegrin @caitlinmcqulity @Hal9O0 @aterkel @nycsouthpaw She refused to testify. She filed a civil suit 3 weeks before trial. She had sex with Kobe, and someone else, before the hospital exam the next day. They found two men's dna and pubic hair. Due to FOIA, other evidence came out after charges were dropped. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
If someone has followed this far, they'd likely ask "what happened after this alleged "extortion?" Well.. the aid was delivered on time, and "at no time did it have any impact on United States national security." 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary This shouldn't be optional 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
As Trump’s defense wraps up, Bolton book looms large 
@MadisonKittay @samsanders @dawn_dawnandava You were saying? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? @NBCNews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@mgrant76308 And look at all the trouble she has caused with her hate and disruption and disrespect. Her district is the terrorist recruitment capitol of the United States! 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez CORRUPTION!!!! 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
"Despite earlier controversy, Pam Bondi joining Team Trump" 
"Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.28.20" 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so I think Linsey just filling his pockets from the tax scam the Republican party approved. Called reaping the harvest. He just another croney. 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' - NBC News @nuzzel 
CNN's dirty @DonLemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
"#VoteBlueNoMatterWho": "Obama added his signature to legislation that will cut $8.7B in food stamp benefits over the next 10yrs, causing 850K households to lose an average of $90 per month." 
Massive crowds form for #Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
There is no need for more witnesses. No crime was proven! The Dims hate POTUS because he Luvs the USA and its people. Let’s be sure that after the Senate vote we take note and VOTE the rinos out! #2020TrumpLandslide #TAP 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
From Clinton to Trump: Watch Lindsay Graham change his opinion on impeachment 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
BREAKING NEWS! A plane carrying about 210 U.S. citizens evacuated from Wuhan, China—the epicenter of the deadly #CORONAVIRUS was diverted Tuesday to California’s March Air Reserve base. NOOOOOOO! STAY AWAY FROM HERE!!! 🙏🏻🇺🇸😳 
‘Extortion’: Bush White House lawyer wants to ‘haul in’ Ivanka, Jared, Don Jr. 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
I'm actually quite surprised that flights from China haven't been halted to date. 😳 That definitely makes me nervous. As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot Concentrate on America FIRST SENATORS 
@realDonaldTrump White House budget plans have proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to Social Security. Those proposals were ignored by lawmakers, but there’s an obvious discrepancy between trying to slash a program and leaving it alone. 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims #SmartNews 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims bolton said right , drug deal like , who is going to deny now , i believe we need some big guys to resign now , and witnesssss to clear the minds of the american people, clean the swamp. 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#IASEN @SenJoniErnst is afraid of the American justice system and doesn’t want to support #WitnessesAndDocuments. ☎️202-224-3254 #rememberinnovember she is also 💊against your healthcare Joni’s donors aren’t in Iowa. And neither are her priorities. 
When Trump says something’s ‘ahead of schedule,’ look out #SmartNews 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@mysillyplanet ...this is Soooo Strange... ...at First the GOP Republicans Were Crying about Not Being able to Hear Directly from Their Accuser.... ....and Now.... ....They DON'T WANT TO HEAR From THEIR Accuser ???... #Trump #Bolton #mondaythoughts 
#America grows weary of the divisive President. National poll: US majority wants to see #Trump removed from office #IMPOTUS #impeachment 
This is your "Hero for the People"? #Bernie2020 #BernieSanders #FeelTheBern #BernieBro #BernieSanders2020 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
@BrandonBeckham_ @TheFirstonTV @realDonaldTrump @EliseStefanik @JoeBiden Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
"There’s really only one class of individuals who speak like that: Mobsters." - Legal analyst Chuck Rosenberg on recording in which a voice apparently belonging to Pres. Trump orders aides to "get rid" of Amb. Yovanovitch. 
😢US military plane crashes in Afghanistan with 5 onboard, official says 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Delicious is the correct adjective. 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', ... 
I hope so. He lied openly, as if he isn't worried about any accountability. I hope someone holds him accountable. 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." Watch: 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand This could erase the deficit as pay per view but Putin’s puppet would be destroyed so it won’t happen 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation And this is WHY VERY LITTLE NEWS OUTTODAY!! Censoring the Herd!! #coronaoutbreak 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Grow some backbone Senators! At some point in time American's can expect to have a bad president. Obviously that time has come. At least seek out the information you should... 
Rep. Lee: Trump is 'selling our soldiers as mercenaries,' he 'does not deserve to be the commander in chief' @realDonaldTrump Must be removed from office! 🆘 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
#ICYMI-@JulianCastro on #ElizabethWarren’s outreach to people of color, more @amjoyshow 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump - - 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
Trump sounds like an absolute MOBSTER... 
Reaction to headline: 1. Glad they diverted the passengers from landing at a CA commercial airport to a military base. After reading article: 2. Mid-flight they diverted a plane of US evacuees from China to a MILITARY BASE?!? #coronavirus 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@magnoliafarm @SenRickScott @JoeBiden See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan I think it's about time CNN gets rid of this guy so I ratings go back up where they should be as a Democrat I'm appalled 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
What happened on Day 1 of Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer says there was a "cloud of unfairness" over the Senate impeachment trial after Republicans voted down his amendments to subpoena evidence and witness testimony. 
Americans want and deserve witnesses. #AdamSchiffTRUTHMATTERS #Countryoverparty #CountryOverTrump 
@pittman_george @joehos18 As Trump’s defense wraps up, Bolton book looms large 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Monday’s Campaign Round-Up, 1.27.20 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others #SmartNews 
Wow. Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@TCPigott @TrumpWarRoom This is a win fur America. Americans deserve the whole truth! 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa’s Ernst ‘gave up the game’ #SmartNews 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
These scumbag Democrats have no bottom. They continue to sink to new depths in their treachery. Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
@psychdr100 @AdamCC75 Hope he enjoys his REO cookies. 
@levparnas is correct but I'd go further: @AGWilliamBarr should recuse himself from public life. @TheDemocrats shall ensure #NoOneIsAboveTheLaw &amp; Barr will not be forgotten @TheJusticeDept @FBI @CIA @WhiteHouse @mattgaetz @SecPompeo @USDOT @BetsyDeVosED 
75% of registered voters say witnesses should testify in the Senate impeachment trial, according to a new Quinnipiac poll. 
The optimist in me hopes that this is bait for the Judas Iscariot Republicans and Democrats, but having turned wine into vinegar so many times I have no faith in Senate Republicans. 
Rule 3.3: Candor Towards the Tribunal McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Asked whether he would accept the subpoena of the Bidens in exchange for a John Bolton testimony, Sen. Tester responded, “I think this makes a mockery of the whole impeachment ... Get the folks with the first hand knowledge." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' HBTQW views 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 🙈🙉🙊 @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorRomney @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves | 
"Take her out" alludes to assassination. Why sugarcoat it? 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
Cipollone LYING is a ETHICS problem. No it means disbarment. I will post information too FILE a disbarment complaints AGAINST the LYING lawyers. 
@IvankaTrump CNN settles Nick Sandmann defamation lawsuit in Covington Catholic High School controversy 
Remember In November Another example of how @cnn @msnbc and the partisan liberal media think of President @realdonaldtrump and his supporters. Does it remind you of the other 2016 candidate? @trish_regan @megynkelly @morningsmaria @ingrahamangle @bretbaier 
These were the top 5 deadliest cities in 2018. Some of these cities will surprise some people. 
🚨 🚨 🚨 The report added that a copy of the recording "is now in the custody of federal prosecutors in New York's Southern District" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Trump says the 'phony' Constit 'doesn't matter' cau he's 'rich' In a stunning reversal, Trump has decided not to host the global summit at his Fla prop, after pushback frm Dems and Repubs who found the decision to be in violation of the emolum clause. 
Perhaps ignoring the 1200+ earthquakes (still ongoing) in #PuertoRico wasn't the best idea? 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Jeremy Bash reacts to day one of the impeachment trial: "If there are merely opening statements and then there is a motion to not have witnesses ... and then they have a motion to dismiss, then in effect, the opening statements are the closing statements." 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Las Vegas welcome sign to light up in purple and gold to honor Kobe Bryant, crash victims 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Impromptu moment of Truth from trump. Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'... He cannot stop Projecting. 
Fred Fleitz: " Please, please John Bolton don't publish your book before the election..please don't tell the voters how corrupt the Trump administration is..we need to reelect Trump." 
#McConnell looks like he's got a #pike up his ass. A lot of pressure. Went to a #postrate site-believe me you don't want to imagine a fish up there.#BoltonMustTestify Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Alarming!! Some people still haven't opened their eyes to the real individual who is at the controls of our country. He will spurn a deal with satan himself to mk himself look good. Trump got caught with his hands🖐🏻🤚🏻in the cookie jar🏺 AGAIN! #UNFIT 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Illinois trooper fatally shot in cigar bar by woman who scrawled threat on condo wall 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" We won't have to worry about seeing her anymore after the next election. Bye bye 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Pentagon says more troops injured after Jan. 8 rocket attack in Iraq 
Trump says he hasn’t seen John Bolton manuscript @GOP @GOPChairwoman @SenateGOP @GOPLeader @HouseGOP @SenatorCollins @SenatorLoeffler @lisamurkowski @ChuckGrassley #TrumpsWar #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #TrumpTapes #TrumpIsCorrupt #Trump2020Landslide #Trump 
Bolton is biased. Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
@TeaPainUSA This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
This is s-o-o fucked! Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Bernie 'Communism for thee but not for me' Sanders. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
“This is who he sees on the airwaves defending him already and he likes it,” says @SamStein of President Trump’s “made-for-TV” Senate impeachment trial team 
“Don’t underestimate the power of...” Is this a quote from Star Wars, or the impeachment inquiry? Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
NBC Sports’ Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
#Quote: “If you call John Bolton, we’re calling everybody,” Graham said. @realDonaldTrump @JaySekulow @cecki @tbrown83096079 @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @BlueBonnet_TR @pegalomania #KAG #KAG2020 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Dude stay out of this fight! You're just gonna make a fool of yourself Again. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary: #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Kelly told an audience: "John's an honest guy. He's a man of integrity and great character ... If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton." 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party 
Yet - you Leftist hacks scared of your own side’s crimes - Hunter Biden DOES have first hand knowledge of HIS OWN misdeeds Trump WAS LEGALLY LOOKING INTO AS OUR POTUS! The Bidens WILL go down with their sick crimes, because they can no longer hide them!!! 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
@papizchulox @cspan Hope the Trump kids go after Schumer for defamation too. Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
What kind of asshole does this to a 4 legged kid?🇺🇸 Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
⁦@donlemon⁩ You, CertifiableNN, lack any integrity &amp; credibility - Using Propaganda you spread your Ideological Hate &amp; Divisiveness across America not giving a Damn about Truth &amp; Facts while supporting Hypocrisy &amp; Destroy Trump at all costs to US 
In all my years I have NEVER seen so much LEAKING from DC! Bolton's ego was offended by @POTUS so this was his means of revenge. He knew damn well it would be leaked after he submitted it for a review by the NSC. 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer: "When our Republican friends go to sleep, and think of the weight of the Constitution on their shoulders and think history will record them. Yeah, I think we got a shot. I do." 
@NBCNews FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
The U.S. is always at the ready to offer support at critical World times. No wonder millions want to live here (just do it legally!). Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' #news #readify 
'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday. *Her kids are adorable. Good for them for still being a family. 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low AWFUL - PAINFUL TO WATCH I watched for Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani - and enjoyed it. Then Twitter ripped them. Shame on you all! Trying to kill their joy! Why? 
God bless Elijah Cummings. America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #SmartNews They were paid to be there!!! 
@arnoldpeterso13 @BeauCards Go for it 👍 and you should check out the too🇺🇸 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ America’s President 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought Maine Independent Sen. Angus King notes that hearing the evidence against Trump in its totality lead him to realize the "powerful" case against the president. 
NEW: Prince Andrew has provided "zero cooperation" in the investigation of Jeffrey Epstein's network of enablers, US attorney says. 
5 things Bernie Sanders doesn't want you to know about socialism 
@GavinNewsom MORE 👏 OF 👏 THIS 👏 #DrainTheSwamp 👏👏👏 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
I'm sorry... ... a TUNNEL‽ 
@seanhannity A journalist should report his network’s stories: 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant | 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | Even amid impeachment he cannot keep quiet about cutting social security #TrumpLies #SocialSecurity #ImpeachAndRemoveTrump 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says | Mayor Pete is a complete joke. 
@realDonaldTrump What's amazing is you flying people (maybe infected with a new biological warfare coronavirus) from Wuhan China to the United States, while you announce a possible ban on flights. You are just as stupid as @BarackObama bringing Ebola virus to this country. 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Such a delusional hypocrite 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch audio of Trump is about 2 minutes in.... 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
has topped CNN and MSNBC for 18 straight years dating back to 2002 after a dominant January. 
Prince Andrew has ‘provided zero cooperation’ in Jeffrey Epstein probe, authorities say Andrew- you proved your guilt by reniging on your promised cooperation in investigation 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
From Discover on Google 
How Bernie Sanders supporters shut down a Donald Trump rally in Chicago 
(W) “Mitch McConnell thinks this trial will look bad for his members. And that's why he wants you to see as little as possible.” 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | NJ was absolutely energized last night. The applause was deafening. The DOCS for Trump and Women for Trump behind DJT at podium were rockin!!! NJ women rock! 
Good interview ⁦@KatyTurNBC⁩ but why is it that you &amp; others think 12,000 Isn’t a lot of money. For many of us it’s life changing. Don’t be out of touch cuz this is most of America. #FreedomDividend 
I want Biden brought before this court... Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
The feud between Trump, Bloomberg heats up 
Some days a sane person just wants to bang their head against a wall. Today is such a day. Mind control is sick. 
@realDonaldTrump would lose his mind if he had to testify..how do we know...he says he 'wants to' to it. 
Al Sharpton tells Chris Matthews that the recently released tapes by Lev Parnas are "bad news" for Trump. 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
In other headlines, President Lincoln‘s staff hires John Wilkes Booth to head security detail. 
Here he is once again, admitting to his criminality! If Republicans do not remove him from office, they are co-conspirators!! #AdamSchiffROCKS 
Schumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses 
A link to tRump's calls for Obama impeachment: This article also addresses the fact that some GOP goons wanted an Amendment to the current Articles of Impeachment to retroactively Impeach Pres. Obama. 
"Tuesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.28.20" 
@mc93823939 @SimoneReports We saw the consequences of his ruling play out in FL and GA, and we’re about to see full-on blowback in 2020. 
THIS IS ISLAM THROUGH AND THROUGH. LIKE IT? WANT IT? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Don Lemon never apologized for his pathetic behavior mocking Trump &amp; Trump supporters. So funny no one even saw it happen on CNN- bc no one watches CNN. Took social media and 2 days before it was noticed! 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Steele: Impeachment process 'dumbed down to the lowest pitiful common denominator of ugly and stupid' #DefendOurDemocracy 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag'. If ur so innocent then why aren’t u at the senate trial hearing. Ur the reason mr president we the USA are having an impeachment trial. In the first place. Because u lyes to Americans about everything u do. 
: Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops. @GoogleNews 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
ITS A STORY WORTH PUBLISHING BUT AFTER THE FUNERAL . WHY RUSH TO HURT WHATS LEFT OF KOBE’S FAMILY. Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
.@’s newest podcast, “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris, is about what it takes to win the nomination. First 2 episodes out tomorrow. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
I have to respect John Bolton for being such a good National Security Advisor that he could create 4 World War 2 sequels in under 2 years. That’s Marvel levels of commitment. Trump says he avoided 'World War Six' by not listening to John Bolton 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #TrumpRallyWildwood #Trump2020Landslide 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Schumer: Republicans 'don't want to hear the true facts' during impeachment 
🆘❗🆘❗ I just looked up "ENTLIMENT" &amp; I found this: "No matter who wins the Democratic presidential nomination, Trump and his team have made this a key 2020 issue, on which Republicans will be on the unpopular side." 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
"If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" - Rep. Adam Schiff #Trump2020 #Trump #TrumpTrial 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
If trump did nothing wrong...they should allow all witnesses and paper, but he know he a cheater, liar, and two face people.. 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan. 
Betrayal On Medicare, Trump arrives at his ‘Read My Lips’ moment. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Regarding new developments that Sen. Mitch McConnell may not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial, Chuck Schumer says "I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play." 
Preach! 💕 John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
so...pat the spineless says if you give us this will give you that... where have I heard that before? Must be in their manual LOL 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law . Wondering if the #Metoomovement Or the #squad or even the ,#lbgtq will go over there and speak up for these people. I mean there BRAVE ENOUGH. 
Biden, Sanders battle for top spot in latest Iowa poll 
It shouldn't even be a question ! Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." Watch: This is what the president said. This was his goal. If... 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Yesterday, opening arguments in the impeachment trial began with House managers arguing for over 7 hours, outlining their case for why Pres. Trump should be removed from office. Watch this @ roundup of analysis. 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of... 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
This is what Ilan Omar wants for all you feminists out there! ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
On Tuesday, United Airlines announced they will be suspending flights to China. Coronavirus fears have led to a great decline in travel. It will be effecting tourism in China, Japan, and Thailand. They will continue to monitor the situation as it develops. 
Weld: Trump is a ‘recipe for disaster’ for GOP 
"McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial" 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Once again, not me. #DaySpa 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' Thank youSean! Bolton you are a traitor to America! 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Coach K remembers Kobe, berates fans as Duke beats Pitt 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
@IvankaTrump When I see @donlemon this is all I think of 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Female flogging force to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law ⁦@RepAOC⁩ ⁦@SenWarren⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@HillaryClinton⁩ ⁦@RepMaxineWaters⁩ ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@SenKamalaHarris⁩ 
Well this is certainly one way of transferring the responsibility from men to women. KNTZ! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Biggest ratings of the year. Unfortunately, that rating was on Twitter. CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Impeachment, by a 50-44% margin, voters think Senate should vote to convict &amp; remove Trump. Democrats say remove (81%) and most Republicans disagree (84%). Among independents, more say Trump should be removed by 19 point margin (53-34%). 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments Also, if witnesses are going to be called, Adam Schiff must be called and put under oath!!!!! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@SenDanSullivan @realDonaldTrump 🤣The @SenateGOP have no defense for Trump so the lawyers lie, deflect &amp; distract. We are watching. The audio of the evidence is damning &amp; we expect you to vote guilty. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
House managers on impeachment: 'Not about Donald Trump... It's about our Constitution' 
Impeachment more important than Middle East peace for MSNBC. MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
Tells the tale. This is why leaders love and lie to us about socialism Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@realDonaldTrump 😆👍 John Bolton is posing a real threat to #impeachworthy President Donald Trump. 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' Yes, Mitt, it is. Nice of you to state the obvious. 
@BernieSanders Well , well , we’ll! Ur wife and kids getting rich off of positions you created I see!! Lol commie 
Mr. Johnson is absolutely correct! Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 
@DonaldJTrumpJr @CNN @donlemon They can mow claim CNN as Chuckles Nonsense News Let's not forget about this. 
⁦@maddow⁩ shares audio that appears to show Trump ordering the removal of U.S. Ambassador to #Ukraine #Yovanovitch as part of an exchange with #LevParnas. Joseph Bondy, attorney for Parnas, joins panel to discuss #MobBossTrump #RussiaAsset 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
@clairecmc McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' @ If @realDonaldTrump is concerned about Corruption, why is he wanting to eliminate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act? "The Law against Bribery by American Co.'s overseas" 
HUD's fair housing policies could promote further racial discrimination, experts say 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial 
NEW: A 2nd coronavirus case has been confirmed in the US, the CDC says; the patient, a woman in her 60s, is hospitalized in Chicago, and is reportedly doing well. 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Good... you know Schumer &amp; the Democrats have plan a-b-c- d-e-f-g ..... GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
I told yall a long time ago Omarosa was a double-agent. Can she come back to the FAMILY BBQ NOW????😂😂😂 
If you are still telling yourself that trump cared about corruption: 
@ScottPresler Check this out. 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage What a hypocrite..... 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
@CJHopkins_Z23 "The horror began promptly in early January, when #Rachel_Maddow revealed that #Putin was projecting #words_out_of_Trump_mouth in real-time, And that was just the tip of the iceberg..." . @sasha031 @margweston @Laurel777 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Key numbers to know as President Trump's defense team presents their case in the impeachment trial. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Perhaps more so than any other figure in American public life, Donald Trump has earned a reputation for saying things that aren’t true. It’s a problem that, in a quantifiable sense, is getting worse as his presidency continues 
The latest #ImpeachmentWitchHunt #podcast w/ @GreggJarrett is available. President Trump's legal team wraps up their defense not concerned with Bolton's supposed 'bombshell'. Click here to listen &amp; subscribe: 
Wow, I just heard half of South Carolina, #SenatorLindseyGraham's state, don't have internet. That's mind blowing to me. Especially seeing that he hasn't had a Town Hall in 3 years. Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
This should be completely illegal, since it is a definite conflict of interest. 
Virginia House advances gun control measures after protest 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump's self-image takes precedence in White House business: book 
Where's @MittRomney? Was he in the room during the last vote? #ShamTrial #GOPCoverUp #GOPTraitors 
@JERonFNC 34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant: Metta World Peace, at different times in his career both a competitor and teammate of Kobe Bryant, reflects on their relationship on and off the court. After apologizing that… 
@tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @michaeljknowles Ok Grandpa Munster! Maybe you can find out what your orange commander means by this. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Exactly ⁦@cnnbrk⁩ Is TOXIC &amp; Bashing A Whole Party Because U Disagree w/Their POLITICS ☝️This Is SUPPOSED 2 B The TOLERANT LEFT !! Disgraceful 👎 
Ocasio Cortez: I don’t think the blacklisting of progressive organizations is fair She doesn’t think blacklisting is fair?? Let’s ask every Trump cabinet members who have been thrown out of restaurants or ask Ambassador Sonland about his hotel business? 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Go Haun Williams seems to dismiss the fact that the American People are not buying the bias polls.....not when Trump was running for office and not now 
Why isn't.. Newsome Harris Pelosi Swallowell Schiff Waters addressing this problem instead of trying to impeach a duly elected President, that WE THE PEOPLE elected? TRUMP/PENCE 2020 California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Some great tips and tricks to find and manage #photos on your device. 
Democracy!!!! Yes! #OneVoice1 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Study determines each state's most searched snack ahead of the Super Bowl 
"Whatever is going on in terms of messaging from Washington [and] what the political tribes are supposed to believe and supposed to want from this—it's not working," Rachel Maddow says about polls that show Americans support the idea of hearing... 
Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in #Louisiana | ⁦@⁩ ⁦@ZacMcCrary⁩ 
Awkward, doncha think, @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCollins @joniernst @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney? "Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@SenatorCollins Listen to this #ConvictAndRemoveTrump 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Coming soon to America.. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? #Topbuzz 
Sen. Schumer says everything is rigged. Does Roberts have anything to say about it all? 
Joy Reid: Democrats "hate the president" is not a legal argument 
Love this.. 
Trump blames Fed for slowing US economy 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@maddow @MaddowBlog W.H. considers classifying #Bolton Testimony to conceal it: WaPo Problem is the Supreme Court already decided this issue in favor of Testimony during Nixon Impeachment. Precedence has been established. @senatemajldr #MoscowMitch next 
Adam Schiff @RepAdamSchiff explains why Trump must be removed and why now and not in November. #SenateTrial #ImpeachmentTrial 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.. Good call to bring in the Neocons and then cut the floor out from under them.. another brick in the wall just fell down 
Fact-checking Ken Starr 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP caucus, softens rules after Dems 'ate his lunch' #TrumpCoverUp #MidnightMoscowMitch #Oathbreakers 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
⁦@KWT62⁩ this is getting interesting 🤔 
I'm waltzing towards the forest so please ingest also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #Javascript #Catgirl #Python #Eventi #Freebies #PHP @SympathyRTs @SSS_Retweets #Tunisia #Eventi #HealthyRecipes #GiletsJaunes @GamingRTCentral 
Rep. Zoe Lofgren on the new Bolton revelations: 'A game changer' 
You people think that you are gods... Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
@RashidaTlaib You need to strive to #stepdown you shouldn't hold a public office period! 
⁦@donlemon⁩ ⁦@POTUS⁩ who? You’ll see in November! Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
@senrobportman, #Americawantswitnesses and #OhioIsWatching. Put your country 🇺🇸 over party 🐘. Push and vote for witnesses and documents. #PressurePortman 
The White House is mulling whether to use executive privilege on John Bolton’s testimony. Neal Katyal says that, “The president is trying to use executive privilege just to hide stuff from the American people and it’s a sure loser.” 
"Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base" FOX NEWS 
PUT HIM IN JAIL &amp; THROW THE KEY DEEP DEEP DEEP in THE PACIFIC OCEAN TILL HE ROTS☝️ 
#Republicans ATTACKING WAR HERO #Vindman was on the call during #Trump’s July 25 phone meeting with Ukrainian President #Zelensky; the #NSC expert quickly realized that the American president had gone too far #MOG #VETS #Veterans #VeteransAgainstTrump 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Sharia Law... Makes me feel grateful I live in the United States. These people are insane. #sharialaw 
From - As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
John Sununu calls out Mitt #Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Turns out @MrCleanSF is a dirtbag and a felon. He was "arrested in 1993 and charged with second degree robbery and use of a firearm in commission of a felony". San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump may be the reason for the trial, but in reality it is the Republican party that is on trial. Rep.%20Nadler%3A%20McConnell%2C%20GOP%20are%20covering%20up%20for%20the%20president 
"Nikki and Brie Bella are pregnant and due less than two weeks apart: 'We both are shocked'" 
Fmr. US-Iran negotiator Hillary Mann Leverett says Pres. Trump was "scared there could be a Benghazi moment on his watch" after Iraqi protestors stormed the U.S. embassy in Baghdad. 
.@senrobportman Did you see this? #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #trumpevidence 
A week and a half ago, the top story on was: "Oregon woman fired from bank job after giving struggling man $20 to get home for Christmas: report" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law - 
⁦@donlemon⁩ the little prick addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Wonder what will happen when he comes face to face with one of us 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
But, Turnip said there was no serious results of the attack. Surely he didn't lie. On the other hand, perhaps the world has had enough of the Supreme A$$hole, Donald Trump. Maybe Iran can help. 
Trump wanted to know how long Ukraine would last militarily against Russia without US support as well as wanting Ambassador Yovanovitch to go through some things. #ImpeachmentTrial 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth This was weird. Is it true, this is how you train a dog? 
@real_defender @realDonaldTrump HAHAHA!!! GOOD LUCK WITH THAT! 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
Joy Reid's interview with Carol Hunter ed of Des Moines Register. Good reasons to back Warren 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Impeachment trial is a 'dynamic' situation for GOP senators TAXPAYERS OF THE UNITED STATES THE HACKED VOTINGMACHINES PUT DT INTO.OUR GOVT NOT OUR VOTES.OUR SENATE IMPEACH TRIAL SLOWW TRUTHHH THAT ARE TAXES PAY FOR.JUSTICE TRUTHH 
@MinnesotaDFL is full of lying scum. LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan - @realDonaldTrump is a liar and conman. #DumpTrump2020 
@DeAnna4Congress @SpeakerPelosi Corruption follows her 
Jenna Ellis: Trump Senate impeachment trial – Here's where things stand now, what should happen next 
Amen. My sentiments exactly. Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Why isn't @AOC there?? It's a hippy happy land!! Oh shit, that's right!!!! It's the example and proof that socialism is garbage! Corruption and failure, yikes!! Good luck mixing up that drink to something good. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
A group of conservative critics of President Trump has released a new ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. 
Trump's legal team downplays 'speculation' over Bolton book claims 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
For Romney to make this personal because he doesn’t like the President is so petty, it’s inexcusable. Knock it off, let the people vote in 9 months &amp; stop grandstanding. Your hatred is so transparent. 👎@SenatorCollins @senatemajldr @SenatorRomney 
"Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees" And they thought Tom Perez of the DNC was going to "play fair" this time? Pffft. He hates @BernieSanders. 
Send #LeningradLindsey &amp; #CoverUpMcConnell Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end' | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
From Discover on Google 
Chris Matthews says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' (@briansflood / ) 
What is this? 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans | 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
⁦@MittRomney⁩ I hate that I voted for you. Did you hear a word of what Dershowitz had to say??? McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador (⁦@AliVelshi⁩ ⁦⁦@JoshNBCNews⁩) 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
Trump nightmare: Rebelling ex-aides testify at trial 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica From Discover on Google Many prayers. 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
Philadelphia man surrenders after Allen Iverson's backpack stolen with $500G in jewelry inside - @GoogNewsTech 
I'm traveling towards the forest please watch #FishingForRobots #AmReading #Catgirl #GoGoCosplay #GuildBulletin @BlazedRTs #GiletsJaunes #Eventi #AI #AmWriting #100DaysOfCode #Hunting #Freebies #Jobs #DigitalHealth #TrenRoca #Ethics 
Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial 
DEMS eating their own MO! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
@cnnbrk @CP24 @MSNBC @ABCPolitics @nytimes @marklevinshow @latimes @MSNBC @washingtonpost Looks like the Spirits are cooking up something and Bernie didn't get the invite. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
The State Department has released a group of documents that show how Rudy Giuliani's smear campaign against U.S. Amb. Marie Yovanovitch reached Secretary of State Pompeo, the Oval Office.  
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
Oh those white Bernie bros 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment' | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Tucker: Mayor Pete is worried about 'microaggressions' | 
@realDonaldTrump Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich'. 
"It’s one thing for #Democrats to denounce #Republican indifference to the #evidence; it’s something else for a member of the #GOP #leadership to effectively say #Democratic assumptions are correct" Witnesses may still affect election. #ImpeachedForLife 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' 
Any surprise: 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
I wonder if they are keeping @realDonaldTrump really busy so he misses these ads they are sending to out get voters to replace him? 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
He had a shitty job and he’s robbing the city clean. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
TRUMP IS A CROOK. HE'S ALWAYS BEEN A CROOK. "It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." 
Any Republican voting for allowing witnesses.. Should be removed from office. 
Wow...just Wow. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
The #PublichCharge rule will now make it harder for people to obtain permanent residency in the US. It will have a chilling effect on many #immigrant and low income communities. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing. Not hard to do when CNN only has 4 viewers!! 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
@rightaboutnow2 No. “Cult” is following an 80 year old candidate who in 3 decades as a senator only has passed 7 bills, who refuses to even budget the one literal life-or-death policy plan he has, &amp; who lies about his own fundraising and spreads conspiracies about others. 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ Of course he did. Liberals 
Patriots Poll on 2nd! 
From - Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Feinstein, if you vote for impeachment, you are in the same boat as Pelosi. You are much older than Pelosi and going to retire. Retire honorably and be remembered as a stateman and not as a Pelosi by voting logically and not personal hate. 
Why does Justice Roberts tolerate these Debunked Ukraine conspiracy theory lies- debunked by our own Intelligence Dept as well as any human brain above 4 yrs old. "Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Pete Buttigieg says his campaign offers a chance to turn the page 
This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
How progressive of them. 
"Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win" FOX NEWS 
Hunter Biden's questionable past and business dealings could undo dad's bid for White House 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @ChrisMurphyCT Ok, so only 20% republicans left?!? 
The experts were smug. THEY DIDN'T CONNECT WITH THE WALMART SHOPPERS. Quite a defense. WOW. 
Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
@RandyFe67186015 @1BabyCartier @George_Karr @tedcruz I guess you don’t believe trump either 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
"Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here'" #tcot #KAG 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump That was a *memo* of the transcript but YOU can watch the #LevParnas tape 😁 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation (@maddow / ) 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@not_iske @randyd223 @GeoffMiami @mitchellreports @davidsirota Bernie is decent even to those who hate him 
Trump admits to obstruction of Congress at Davos. 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Waffling ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ already loses grip on ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ , softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
"Global airlines scaling back service to China amid coronavirus outbreak" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash captured on Nest camera #SmartNews 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
#devalpatrick on .@Morning_Joe just now... 👆🏻 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Pompeo is out of line, as usual. NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine @NBCNews 
@RealDonaldTrump @SecPompeo Rotten from the head to the tail. ---&gt; Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Great piece by my friend @ZacMcCrary on how #bipartisan #cjreform makes for sound policy AND smart politics! Thanks @Morning_Joe for sharing! 
💥2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
#PulitzerPrize winning journalist couple &amp; #collegespeakers @NickKristof and Sheryl @WuDunn discuss their new book #Tightrope &amp; how #inequality has effectively killed many of their childhood friends @ 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Joe Biden says he was "embarrassed" for the Senate after the opening statements from Pres. Trump's legal team at the impeachment trial. 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks If this were a real trial with a real judge, not #GOPCoverup, trump would be charged with a crime of intimidation of court official. @GOP @theDemocrats #MAGA 
What is democratic socialism? 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script But we have votes to replace you asses‼️ 
With RINOs you always need a Plan B. 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview Care to comment ⁦@amyklobuchar⁩ . People GROW? &amp; change their minds? 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
@SenFeinstein The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the @FBI on suspicion of public corruption. #CORRUPTION 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@peterdaou I know this is a faux news piece but this is what oppo research on Biden looks like. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
Trump is guilty as fuck why is everyone pretending there is a defense for the piece of shit in the White House pretending to be president of my COUNTRY!! 
Trump lawyers: Impeachment is 'attack' on Americans right to choose their president 
Its corrupt from the top to the bottom San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments #CNN #MSNBC 
"David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others" FOX NEWS 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Bolton is most likely blocking from the media information that may go back to Eisenhower/Nixon. You ask me what I know my last name is Limon? Who is Ann Brigg? 
@realDonaldTrump 45 did something stupid. Must be a day that ends in "y". #Impeached #Entitlements #SocialSecurity #uspoli 
“Socialists” Bernie Sanders and wife pocketed tens of millions of dollars as public servants - in politics!..a multi-millionaire socialist...ha! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Under the Equality Act, everything women have done and achieved over the last half century to improve opportunities and protections in education, sports, the workplace and society could be overruled by any male claiming “womanhood.” USA 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP - 
Trump finds semi-official impeachment role for far-right GOP reps 
* Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank&amp;Gaza Trump, unlike past Presidents has created a 2 Nation initiative with Israel’s support that will be the cornerstone to a proposed sustainable peace agreement ! 
Missed the first day of the impeachment trial? Get caught up with @AriMelber as he recaps Tuesday’s key moments and shares the top clips of both sides making their historic arguments on the Senate floor. 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking | #ImpeachTrump ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁩⁦@SteveScalise⁩ ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ WE THE PEOPLE WANT HIM OUT!! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
NBC News has obtained the audio released by Lev Parnas through his attorney that appears to show Trump ordering the firing of then-U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@realDonaldTrump Meanwhile, @donlemon Lemon was served with the Sexual Assault complaint Wednesday and Soon To Be On National Sex Offenders List! Who Is IGNORANT? 
This will become the norm in Western countries if the liberals continue to bury their heads in the sand. Looking the other way won't stop Sharia law. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Florida man visits the airport with a laser pointer. 
Enough of this sham hearing. Americans deserve a real trial. #AmericansWantWitnesses #WhatIsTrumpHiding 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
@KenDilanianNBC @NBCNews If it’s Dilanian, it’s in doubt. 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Trump%20has%20chosen%20lobbyists%20to%20run%20EPA%2C%20HHS%2C%20DOD%2C%20and%20Interior 
A FUCKING SECRET BALLOT AND BE DONE WITH IT. ‘A Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Joni Ernst calls out Democrats over aid to Ukraine: 'Hypocrisy is on full display' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@DaveKilminster In case you missed this. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Hice told the alleged “vile, disgusting, lewd and inhumane” attack would be treated much differently if he were a woman. 
Lev Parnas keeps better records than the National Archive. Who would ever think this guy will become a historian... Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters #politics #news #analysis 
Surprise... San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested - 
@RashidaTlaib @IlhanMN Your dream of equal rights for women terrorist came true! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
How dangerous could John Bolton possibly be for Trump? 
I don’t know who needs to hear this but if congress fails to remove Trump, we can. 
And this “brilliant” tongue-in-cheek, eye-roll move should influence whom? Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Chuck Rosenberg: ‘You don’t trade’ witnesses 
@jonrobweb @ACWest11 @juliepiemonte @elenochle @IPOT1776 @LisaMei62 @X22Report @SGTreport @Cordicon @realDonaldTrump @okabaeri9111 @Qanon76 @jennajameson @gehrig38 @kate_awakening @VictoriaRGates @swampys9th @prayingmedic @DocRock1007 @M2Madness @Tiff_FitzHenry @beer_parade @GrrrGraphics @Education4Libs Another distraction coming? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Ifill: Kellyanne Conway's excuse for Trump not observing MLK day 'embarassingly incompetent' 
Everyone vote yes... 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Seems clear to me that Trump is guilty. In the office of President the highest standards must be demanded. BUT if Democrats want Republican senators to keep an open mind they absolutely can't jump on Democratic senators that do likewise. #ImpeachmentTrial 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump #ConfederacyOfDunces 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
When your best attempt at a defense is, "Where's the whistleblower,?" you're firing blanks for sure... "As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" - #Maddow 
Prosecutor describes graphic allegations in opening statement of Weinstein trial 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
"5 pro tips to speed up your old computer" FOX NEWS #trends #Technology #foxnews #followme #Developer 
"During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory" 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #liberalismisamentaldisorder 
Asked whether he would accept the subpoena of the Bidens in exchange for a John Bolton testimony, Sen. Tester responded, “I think this makes a mockery of the whole impeachment ... Get the folks with the first hand knowledge." 
@glamelegance the evidence that is still and will continue to come out till the impeached orange buffoon is gone , and nothing that Sekulow can do to stop it Hear the audio tape released last night by Parnas attorney 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
- Breaking News Updates | Latest News Headlines | Photos &amp; News Videos 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report Another MD Democrat hypocrite. It's no "bombshell." Stick to the transcript not the manuscript. 
tRUMP gift to the democratic candidates across the nation..."In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Dianne Feinstein: 'There is no Deep State' | 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
The House impeachment managers bring up Biden 168 times during Thursday's opening arguments 
It may well be true, but they totally leaked this out, now, to try to gin up energy on the right 
Many people are saying #AmericansWantWitnesses but Adam Schiff upset poor delicate Lisa Murkowski by quoting a CBS News report so I guess we won’t have any. LOL. Nice acting, ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩! 
"Bob Shane, last surviving original member of Kingston Trio, dead at 85" FOX NEWS 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script WATCH OUT HERE COMES THE DEEP SWAMP...BOTH D’s &amp; R’s!!!! 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump Unveils Middle East Peace Plan with Two-State Solution, Tunnel Connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Coming to America by way of the “beautiful peaceful” religion of Islam. Hollywood itching to participate. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
A MUST READ... Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
ICYMI►Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
"White House counsel Pat Cipollone asks senators to defend the Constitution, due process and the right to vote" Cipollone shows that the Dems were against a single party impeachment before they were for it in closing arguments. Watch 
Good points about what the Republicans mean by fair trial. Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Where are the congressional hearings on Puerto Rico? 
"Fundamentally, the injury is to the U.S. 
WATCH: President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
The 2 #Americans #recovered were the only ones on board the E-11A plane. The recovery team met no #Taliban resistance in reaching the crash site in Ghazni province and said there is no indication that the plane was downed by hostile action. 
#MJFam From Discover on Google 
From 11/20/19: In impeachment hearings, even the GOP’s witnesses are hurting Trump 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" #RightMatters 
Despite the petition and cancelation, Graham invited "everyone in the LGBTQ community to come and hear for themselves the messages that he wanted to share. The LGBT bigots shut him down. 
Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt The Rinos are calling the shots. They will pay for it with no votes. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Potential conflict: Trump NJ 3pm rally in may compete with final Trump Defense Openings in Senate #ImpeachmentTrials 
Barney Frank helped B. Clinton create both the Fannie Mae &amp; Freddie Mac Financial Institutions They processed millions of $ in loans knowing people couldn't afford them and also knew Clinton would no longer be in office when the housing market collapsed 
House impeachment managers bring up Biden 168 times during Thursday's opening arguments 
@SenatorLankford Wilson talking about you. 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
New Jerseyans on why they support Trump: 'Huge resurgence of patriotism' in our nation | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
Issac Isaac Decatur 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@ @JoyAnnReid looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong. This is just the tip of the iceberg! #RemoveTrump ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
@realDonaldTrump Kind of embarassing that Lev was running foreign policy. 
Something to think about. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn't want a fair trial 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Question: How many world Leaders are trying to create peace in the Middle East? @realDonaldTrump Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
A group of conservative critics of President Trump has released a new ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses! Then let’s call all the witnesses!!! Including the Whistleblower, Schiff, anyone associated with the 2016 election cover up. Let’s get Obama subpoenaed as well. Let’s do it right!! 
Still haven't proven anything Shift! Adam Schiff says Trump's defense team made effective case for John Bolton's testimony 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ❌ I’m just gonna lean back &amp; wait for sweet Karma. It’s coming sooner or later. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
: Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so. @GoogleNews 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views : every child should go to church to learn right from wrong, God loves you whether you like it or not so why can't we embrace him as well 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president 
The dam broke 
95% of constituents calling Senator King asked for #WitnessesAndDocuments #DocumentsAndWitnesses Call your Senators!!! Call them everyday. Fill their Voice Mail Box 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that R 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@po_rational @NRA Cry about it sweetie 😘 
Trump legal team finishes opening arguments, uses Democrats' own words against them | @TheJuanWilliams Bless your heart. Listen again to @PamBondi's in-depth examination of corruption w/in Ukraine, Burisma, &amp; The Bidens participation in that corruption. 
This poll could use some more votes: #2A #2ndAmendment #gunrights 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
The tolerant left. What a lie. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@waecul @lilredfrmkokomo @SpeakerPelosi @HouseGOP @RepAdamSchiff @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump But run along little follower....just remember, this man bankrupted a casino As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' msnbc - 
@DonaldJTrumpJr Oh Jr. Your time should be spent "rehearsing" for your families trial. You were at the dinner when Daddy told Igor and Lev "get rid of her" "Do it". Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Oh wow, Trump is being defended by a Confederacy of Dunces, according to Joe Scarborough. LMAO! 
T.I. apologizes to daughters following Kobe Bryant's death 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering... 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@GOP National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@JRubinBlogger LINDSEY warming up. What “private gain”? dirty joe doing so well. Right up to the days before March 3, 2020. 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal I find it had to believe that he has a law degree. The Stoogies are a bunch of bumbling morons. 
If this is true - perfect - Sanders, Warren, Kolbochar, Bennett all campaigning is over - maybe this is karma for them not recusing themselves - this will put a damper on their campaigns!! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight NEW JERSEY NEEDS DRASTIC CHANGE.CHANCE TO REMOVE ALL DEMOCRATS WHO ARE NOT GOOD FOR THE STATE. RESIDENTS ATTENTION TO PRESIDENT TRUMP’S VISIT ON MAKING NEW JERSEY GREAT IS EXCEPTIONAL 
House Judiciary Cmte. Chairman Nadler says he will miss a day of President Trump's impeachment trial because of his wife's treatment for pancreatic cancer. 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot Newsom, Pelosi all of them need to fix this! Inhuman evils! 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing JUST ONE WORD FOR CNN &amp; DON LEMON- DISGUSTING!!! VIDEO’S UNDENIABLE PROOF HOW MUCH CNN, DON LEMON DESPISE MIDDLE AMERICA!!! DEFINITELY NOT NEWS YOU CAN TRUST! 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid | 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@MikeKellyPA @WhiteHouse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Thanks, @BarackObama ! 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours 
Oh, ok. All is well now. 
RIP Chris 🙏 🏈 Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
OH NO, NO, NO Lemon face. Your cooked and done. Comic Noodle Network/FAKE NEWS is cooked and done. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
They are all cowards. Republican will henceforth be a synonym for traitor. 
San Francisco’s head of Public Works, in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
WE ALL JOIN: Rand Paul as he blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Atlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms endorsed Joe Biden in June 2019. Even in November, as Biden's poll numbers sagged, she maintained he'd be the best nominee. "People have long underestimated Joe Biden, and he's been consistent." 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
LATEST: China expands lockdowns to cover 10 cities with a total of about 33 million people. #ENDEGO 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims "If your argument is that 'we don't need to hear witnesses,' you don't want to be crystallizing potential conflicts between people's versions of events and testimony." 
This starts out rough. But we promise it has a nice ending . . . 
Kobe Bryant and his daughter attended church before fatal flight, priest says 
I am home sick from Infowars please watch today #FishingForRobots @FearRTs #Freebies #HillaryEmail @BlazedRTs #Jobs #100DaysOfCode #Anonymous #TrenRoca #DigitalHealth #Hockey #Eventi #Javascript #GiletsJaunes @SympathyRTs #HealthyRecipes #BigData 
@bannerite @redmanpr @ Lol how convenient 
This Day in History: Jan. 28 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
.@NRO Writer @xan_desanctis on Trump Attending March for Life Rally: Overall I Would Give The President High Marks 
yeah... so says the biggest racist on the planet 
A beautiful young life taken because America excuses addiction. 😡 When will this be a fight that Democrats care about? Close our porous borders &amp; stop the flow of Fentanyl! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base. HHS, CDC officials update US response to coronavirus outbreak, detail precautions Americans should take. 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Politics Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' #CNN #MSNBC 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' #2e2017c97a2e51bebd1151879e7e87e5 #foxnewspersonkellyripa 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@realDonaldTrump Then why block witnesses that supposedly exonerate you? I don't get it. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Anyone care to guess what they all have in common? 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
@cnnbrk Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Little Don “ lemonade” Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Best recruiter for Donald J Trump reelection in 2020!!!! 
@PeteButtigieg on @Morning_Joe explaining why he is the kind of leader we need now, and how Democrats been the most successful when they’ve nominated a candidate offering the kind of transformational message he represents. #WinTheEra 
@LindaDillon1 @nedmiller @bkherbst11 @mma4231987 @SenatorRomney @utahsenate @utahreps @IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence (w Sondland) regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
NFL teams' Twitter accounts hacked ahead of Super Bowl LIV 
Clinton razzes critics over pushback on Sanders comments: ‘My authentic, unvarnished views!’ 
: Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'... 
@BanishFGM @GoogleExpertUK @beforethestars @MaggieOliverUK @PeteJacksonGMP @nazirafzal @AndyBurnhamGM @MayorofGM @EyeOldham @LOU15E_96 @johnpilger @WillBlackWriter @mcrshield @sineaddesmond @DrUmeshPrabhu @MarieHeleneTho2 @MCRGazette @AbuseExposure @FolukeMichael @BiancaJagger @SDGaction @tiquetaki @AdamRogers2030 @WomenwhoDazzle @shezemalik @AudreyHall_ @Beyond_Contempt @MarcoTeixeiraUN @SuleJacobs @ILoveMCR @Mr_Dave_Haslam @talkRADIO @BishManchester @VS_Manchester @greatwhitevin @Unionbuster @jeografy @Iconoclast1982 @CommonSensVoice @alg_author @Despina__V @NYDailyNews @sardarl @KarinSnippe2 @NewDayStarts @MikeMawby @SoSaidMadison @liveseybinks Report from - Manchester UK child sex abuse scandal. #children #opaugusta Head of Children Services at the time of #abuse - #RichardLeese, incompetent or blind? 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so People down south is tired of you your antics and your cover ups 
Boudin, at whose inauguration Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor appeared video, ran on a platform of radical change including allowing "immigration-safe" plea deals to prevent the deportation of illegal immigrants...” 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal | 
Trump’s deteriorating relationship with John Bolton 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Maine's Senator Angus King (@SenAngusKing) predicts 5-10 Republican Senators willing to vote for witnesses. Schumer is more cautious. Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Holocaust survivor, 94, forms unlikely friendship with NYC middle schooler over German language 
Don't know about you, but even before this, when I saw someone with mask at LAX, it made me uncomfortable, as if one of us had to be diseased. Maybe ppl just need to shelter in place. Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@Jim_Jordan Would you know the truth if you heard it? 
To the degree that reality matters, his WH budget plans proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to Social Security. Those proposals were ignored by lawmakers, but there’s an obvious discrepancy between trying to slash a program and leaving it alone. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of... 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC 
We’ll see if they’re laughing this November. Don Lemon is going to need more tissue, me thinks. #onward @CNN @realDonaldTrump @donlemon 
#Klobuchar on #RepublicanColleagues: 'To me they look #embarrassed' #News #GOP #Trump #Republicans #TrumpLies #TrumpImpeachment #Senate #Trial #ImpeachmentTrial #House #MitchMcConnell #PaidOff #Corruption 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
THANK YOU. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@robaweselot @manamongst @AnFeGil @DTSkoblar @Kausinkonfusion @Ring_Sheryl @DeathCar72 @BernieSanders 27 rallies, 11 fundraisers, and multiple speeches on Obama's behalf. So maybe "almost every day" was not correct, but it's a hell of a lot more than 12. 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse says Alan Dershowitz's impeachment argument was embarrassing #AAG #AAG2020 
Your pathetic dad sits on twitter all day insulting people. Fuck you, and your entire ‘disgusting’ family. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
i’m officially calling bullshit. on this entire thing. there’s been WAY 2 many “coincidences” and shit popping up at convenient times. McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wife's defense over 'hostile working environment' claims at palace #news 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
"That's a game changer." - Rep. Lofgren on new Bolton revelations 
@johnbramundo @bfd502412 @WalshFreedom They are? Lindsey Graham had requested documents for a senate investigation, but I did not think the DOJ proceeded with a Biden investigation. I ask because I don't know. Can you source me please? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Weissmann: GOP playing 'hear no evil, see no evil' because they don't want to find it 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Did you really think she was not going to run again? The shocking to me part of this is John (send naked pics to 15 year old girls) Podesta return to the DNC. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@RepDLesko @JudgeJeanine @RepLeeZeldin This is our corruption fighting president. He was going to clean the swamp remember. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Thief turned himself in? If he was illegal, he could have skated in Philly. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court | 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
If they’re SO marketable, why have you been shoving these losers down our throats for 3 years and nothing comes of it?...they are REALLY boring! 😴😴😴 Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand Oh, pleease! Let the Chump testify! 
Tucker Carlson: Impeachment is all that matters in the media and important stories are being ignored. Why? | 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' #amenamy 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Joe Biden plans to obstruct Congress. Says he won't testify if called. #johnboltonmusttestify #Bidenmusttestify #impeachmentsham 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 👍👍👍👍👍🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
“We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens... if there is an actual predicate for some sort of investigation, there are processes by which that is pursued.” 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial | 
Lot of @NextGenStats in this Chiefs story. Enjoy. 
— Breaking News, Top Stories, &amp; Show Clips | NBC News 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses (@maddow / ) 
@DanWeidner4 Schiff states when he is not quoting directly by using words like essentially and basically. Trump outright lies. No quotes, anonymous sources...so we'll have to wait and see. Any objection from Bolton so far? 
@brianstelter @NPRKelly @AlliemalCNN @Acosta has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
For anyone still left in the dark of our dynamically changing US politics, this no longer ABOUT Trump (if it ever was). This is about whether #democracy can sustain int the face of all-in sharing of information electronic media. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so @TheView @cspanwj 
What a sad sack of steaming poo. This is the most lame attempt of covering your own ass I’ve ever seen. Just think, this Hateful sexual predator still works for @CNN. That’s what they think of middle Americans. 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
And I almost got into it seriously with people so I deleted and decided to hold my fire. Steve Scalise and Lee Zeldin state why this has to be dealt with now. Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad And that’s how it works in this Admin. Coercion by threats. Bash shaming. Bullying. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
This is a great read on Socialists Bernie Sanders and how his family has gotten filthy rich. You won’t believe what they’ve done!Unbelievable! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rep. Schiff, the lead Democratic impeachment manager, says on @MeetThePress that a Senate trial without additional witnesses won’t translate to an exoneration of President Trump. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
100,000 trying to get in to see Trump in New Jersey... 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
From Discover on Google 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears Doubt worldwide that China has accurately reported spread and impact of deadly disease yet again. 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails Trump has absolutely nothing to complain about in the Impeachment process or the Senate Trial. 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' @CNN is racist @TulsiGabbard 
Coal industry continues sharp decline despite Trump's promised revival | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
And now one in Chicago 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
@YNB @donlemon Here's something worth laughing about: 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable is the Epitamy of Unbelievable 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
@TheFirstonTV @realDonaldTrump @EliseStefanik Orange Clown Doing Down: 
@dave_onion @ComfortablySmug @NikkiMcR that or her she doesn’t support #MeToo when it happens to a man. #LiberalWomen 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Claire Danes turned down 'Titanic' role, has 'zero regret' 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics yup the system is running amuck and fueled by liberal dolts who don’t have a clue what a democracy is. 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
Lankford, Blackburn react to witness battle Oklahoma Senator James Lankford and Tennessee Senator Marsha Blackburn on the next steps in the impeachment trial. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
@AnyRealDem2020 @griffbos He has some explaining to do at home: 
@missykender @B52Malmet They have been dismantling safeguards for pandemics and election security. There is also that they destroyed the base of scientists at the Department Agriculture. Lobby your Reps and Senators across these issues. 
Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
#AmericansWantWitnesses Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments the App. No Schitt! It’s over moochers! Aren’t you sick of disappointment yet? Oh wait, you’re libs 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Thanks for being honest for once @realDonaldTrump #MAGA2020 "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds ⁦@cnnbrk⁩ ⁦@MSNBC⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@RepJerryNadler⁩ 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' #Topbuzz 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Sen. Stabenow: 'John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate' 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Dumbshit Trump scheme 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that You couldn’t be more right about Don Lemon! Lemon’s ALL toxicity!!! 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" - Sen. King 
Welp, sounds like trouble for Mitch and Trump. 
Kirschner: McConnell attempting to bury impeachment hearing in 'dead of night' to hide unfairness 
What the crap!! Yeah, I can’t wait till we’re more like China ⁦@BernieSanders⁩. Showing how much they care for their people in that socialism. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@thehill ..it's Common Knowledge™ #KAG #maga #TheDonald #DonaldTrump's meat puppet defender Pat Cipollone lied his ass off when he said 'no #Republicans were allowed n SCIF during House investigation' jst #WTF are they afraid of? The facts/truth?? ..#LockTrumpUP 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters We are tired of liars like you and many more. You constantly belittle people. Ask the guy who’s suing you. 
What is democratic socialism? 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN the only lying cheating going on is in the White House 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
A female flogging unit has been introduced in Indonesia’s Aceh province to dole out public whippings against women found violating the region’s Sharia law. 
For what it’s worth, this conservative is concerned about the deficit, no matter which party is in power. 
How can the @GOP @SenateGOP @VP @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC Honestly expect us to think its ok to NOT CALL A REPUBLICAN WITNESS WHO SAYS THERE IS AN ISSUE? &amp; CLAIM WITH A STRAIGHT FACE THAT THERE ISNT A COVER UP? #noaccountabilty #ComplictGOP Evil 
From the, "WTH Were You Thinking!?!" Files... 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Here we go again: “The knives are out for Sanders / Warren. Dems know they are unelectable ... remember George McGovern? Schumer wants to prolong “farce trial” (we know how they will vote) to tarnish Trump and keep Sanders / Warren from campaigning.” 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? #VetsAgainstTrump 
@TBlackSage @IAmSophiaNelson @AriMelber @ like @CNN merely is failing us; they just do not get it. They continue to provide them a platform knowingly. What @AriMelber FAILS to understand we understand their point of view well. Maybe he should watch @amjoyshow 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@AOC Cult leader #BernieSanders is lying. 
Not just ‘headaches’: 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries #SmartNews 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Asked on @Morning_Joe about his late son, Beau, Joe Biden appears to fight back tears: "Beau should be the one running for president, not me." "He walks with me. I know that sounds to some people kind of silly." 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Would be excited but John Kerry will Veto it. He is so embedded that he might as well be the Deep States Sec. Of State 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source @jjauthor 
@SenatorCollins VOTING YOU OUT! 
.@AriMelber presses Rep. Meadows on President Trump and seeking foreign help investigating Americans. 
Outbreak delivers ‘billion’ dollar hit to China, Japan, Thailand tourism 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren talks about her Oklahoma roots," says my @OCPAthink colleague Trent England, "but rejected them long ago." 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
I want this car! 
@JakeDude210 @RockyMountViews @TeamPelosi @SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff It means he's a liar without shame and he plays his supporters for mindless idiots and you are proving him to be correct about you. 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. Post flogging comment, “Her technique was nice.” #sick 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
FFS!!! The Bolton book bullshit doesn't prove anything, because they're still lacking evidence of any Quid quo pro! 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️ McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
I remembered watching this and suddenly saw the unforgettable unbelievable horror.👇 This Day in History: Jan. 28 
Sessions on Bolton book: We don't have enough discipline, respect in our government 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Lying just comes too easy to Trump because his supporters just don’t care about the truth. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script As a republican i am embarrassed at senators who wont stand united. Swayed by a NY Times article? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Bangladesh is not Belarus, @SecPompeo. #AmericansCareAboutUkraine 
This will likely fly under the radar or be pushed aside because of Graham’s political associations. But this is significant for free speech and Gospel proclamation. The intolerance of the tolerant are eliminating the freedoms of the “free.” 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@PainPillsKill @steph93065 @realDonaldTrump You most be kidding . 
No Excuse! Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
Donald Trump today raised five complaints about the House impeachment process. Each one is the opposite of the truth. He's convinced himself that the House process was unfair, but can Trump figure out why he thinks that? 
Send it to Rachel! Interview John Bolton since he won't testify 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Las Vegas welcome sign to light up in purple and gold to honor Kobe Bryant, crash victims 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Trump's lawyers are arguing that presidents can abuse the powers of their office with impunity. No, seriously, that's their new argument. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
From 2018 but obviously still relevant since there is still confusion.... 
Republicans like blocking investigation into their own corruption. In August, they stopped a probe connecting Russian money laundered through the NRA. Not a peep on what Butina said or did. Which senators received money? Are they the same actors today? 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Chuck Schumer: Republicans were fixated on Schiff during powerful close 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill reacts to Pres. Trump's defense lawyer Jay Sekulow seemingly calling for John Bolton to testify when he referred to new reporting from Bolton's book as "unsourced." "The source is right there, he's saying, 'Come on, call me.'" 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Tennessee passes law allowing agencies to deny LGBTQ adoption applications because of religious objections 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Seems this president just keeps setting historic records! It’s in the hands of the Palestinian people to embrace peace! They will have a Palestinian state. 
@mkitchin63 &gt;&gt; @Wienermobile News&gt;&gt;- @GoogleNews 
Democracy 2020 Digest: Bloomberg dings Sanders on Vermont senator’s home turf 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
GOOD NEWS! GO COLLINS! @POTUS GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
- Breaking News Updates | Latest News Headlines | Photos &amp; News Videos 
Sen. Blumenthal: 'Proof is overwhelming' that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
CNN's #SexualPredator Don Lemon and panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
WATCH: @VaughnHillyard talks to swing voters in Phoenix, Arizona, about impeachment and the upcoming Senate race in the state. 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
@Aneetchkoo @ The video Jack Kingston getting taking down ... for lying on national television 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
This is what is known as "The Art of the Deal" Dems, you might take notes. Fart unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump is so arrogant he will bankrupt us all. We will be like Russia, a nation in poverty with a handful of rich elites. WAKE UP !!! In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table. 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier #TheNewYorkTimes #BuzzFeed #publishing #publisher #news #newseditor #editor #Steeledossier #publishingindustry 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@realdonaldtrump lawyers offer NO DEFENSE. Concede FACTS. 
All I can say is that we better not be sending any foreign aid to Indonesia or aceh for that matter Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing I thought he didn’t know Les Parnas 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation #NewsGrit 
@realDonaldTrump .....you destroyed the republican party......bet you're no going to read Bolton's book but wait for it to be made into a movie.... 
A 1974 Ford Bronco was sold for $650,000 on Saturday night, but it wasn’t your typical old truck. Find your #Ford 👉 Read the article for more👇 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say | 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so #AmericansWantWitnesses #GOPCoverup #BoltonBombshell #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW #LeningradLindsey 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' Or Social Security? Or Medicare? Stupid white #magats, he’s coming for your Medicare AND Social Security. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees The Clintons are going to screw Bernie again. 
So we have GOP members that are being suckered in by the Democrat scam. What a bunch of doofus's! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Everything in these rules is rigged: Sen. Schumer 
@RichHiggins_DC Remember when Obama told Biden he didn't have to run in early 2019? Now it makes more sense. #coup #impeachment 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" IDIOT WHO HAS NOT SYRVIVED FIRST TERM IS TALKING ABOUT 2ND TERM WHEN EVEN HESELF WILL AREADY BE VOTES OUT. 
After this sham trial is over, these Republicans will have to live with the fact that they were complicit in helping a president... 
U.S. military plane crashes in Taliban-held region of Afghanistan 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
@peterdaou I am OPEN to voting for Sanders because, in spite of issues that I DO have with Sanders about some of his stances and rhetoric on African-American issues, he is NOT this ... 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
@senatemajldr @MittRomney Why did we vote for these asshole repubs who shld hv SHUT THIS SHIT DOWN! 
☟ Prince Andrew has ?provided zero cooperation? in Jeffrey Epstein probe, authorities say #BreakingNews #foxnews ➽➽➽ 
Dam*, ⁦⁩ should offer Tulsi Gabbard a town hall broadcast to annoy CNN. Dems are hypocrites regarding people of color as Tulsi is. ⁦@FoxBusiness⁩ ⁦@LouDobbs⁩ ⁦@IngrahamAngle⁩ ⁦@TuckerCarlson⁩ ⁦@seanhannity⁩ 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@jacieb Here's Mr. White Privilege arguing that Southern primary distort reality. You know what really distorts reality, caucuses. 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr Constituents want witnesses - Repubs, Dems, Indep. per Reuter's survey. 
@Politidope Repub Senators wouldn't even watch the Fact Witnesses -- truly brave individuals who have served our country w/dedication &amp; have put themselves at risk. Do these Repubs @SenatorRomney @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski believe all 17 of them are lying? 
His publisher told him to say that to sell books its obvious NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
If you need it explained, you'll never get it. Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Newt Gingrich: Ocasio-Cortez is vicious, cruel and dishonest – And determined to destroy the America we know | 
As Twitter steers users toward more misinformation and away from the Truth about the lab released CoronaVirus..Silicon Valley does their own damage control to stop the Truth. bitcoin apple blockchain bts xbox seahawks raiders redsox feminist lesbian lgbtq 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
'We have to do better': Florida paper rejects Trump reelection 
Meghan Markle's sister says she failed to 'fix' family issues, racism not to blame for public backlash 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Grammy-nominated gospel star Joseph Habedank details battle with addiction and how MusiCares saved his life | #JosephHabedank #IveNeverSeenTheRighteousForsaken ⁦@JosephHabedank⁩ 
@Jim_Jordan Truth? In what alternate universe Gym? #TheFix 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', ... 
My latest: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that @dangainor 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Live Audio 
I am walking into the forest so please check out also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots @SGH_RTs #Freebies #HillaryEmail @FMC_RTs #Catgirl #Eventi #Freebies #HR #Eventi #Python #Pittsburgh #DesignSprint @DNRRTs #GoGoCosplay #DigitalHealth 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich HYPOCRISY #DNC #BERNIE 
Rapper Lexii Alijai's cause of death revealed 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' I and all of my well educated, professional friends and avid Trump supporters are laughing at YOU! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps arguments #AAG #AAG2020 
#VoteThemOut2020 stop this NC moron. Vote NC Blue. Tillis needs to go. 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
"State Department advises Americans to reconsider traveling to China amid coronavirus outbreak" FOX NEWS 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FoxNews 1. "Parnas on Maddow: , 1/16/20 2. Ibid. 3. "White House hold on Ukraine aid violated federal law," Washington Post, 1/16/20 4. McConnell A 'Perjurer' After Senator Takes Impeachment Oath: MSN, 1/17/20 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Families of Americans killed by illegal immigrants take issue with claim Trump is ‘manufacturing a crisis’ 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law, more advancements from the religion of peace😒 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
@realDonaldTrump You've already been impeached. The trial is about your removal. 
Stephanie Grisham: Timing of John Bolton book manuscript leak is 'very suspect' 
@SenJoniErnst @realDonaldTrump Apparently you opened your mouth to wide... 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
This Day in History: Jan. 28 My Comment: I remember that day fully. I was in Philly attending Kaplan Institute preparing for the Federal Licensing Examination (FLEX). A fellow student approached me and asked me, “Have you heard the sad News?” Sad Day. 
@Danneskjold0306 @lindagoodliffe Stop drinking the poisonous Trump Kool-Aid and think for yourself. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ⁦@OANN⁩ ⁦@foxandfriends⁩ ⁦@RyanAFournier⁩ ⁦@JudgeJeanine⁩ ⁦@JudicialWatch⁩ ⁦@TPUSA⁩ ⁦@ScottPresler⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
From - Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight TRUMP 2020... 5 MORE YEARS SNOWFLAKES. 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
@realDonaldTrump @SteveScalise @FoxNews Actually, yours and @RudyGiuliani’s + @MickMulvaneyOMB’s mess- As per @AmbJohnBolton #BoltonMustTestify #DrugDeal #TrumpKnew 
"It's like you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution." @mayawiley on Pres. Trump's actions leading up to the Obstruction of Congress charge, as laid out by the Democratic impeachment managers. 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
New evidence calls for answer on cancelled Pence Ukraine trip 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Must See! Live Streaming Trump Impeachment Trial in the Senate 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' “Why did Trump's lawyers spend the first full day of their opening statement targeting Joe Biden with bogus attacks? Iowa's Joni Ernst had an explanation she wasn't supposed to say out loud.” 
@realDonaldTrump Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich'. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Because they only like soldiers that are accused of WAR CRIMES like GALLAGHER: Why Republicans are taking aim at a PURPLE HEART WAR HERO to defend @realDonaldTrump @USArmyReserve @CENTCOM @INDOPACOM @USSOCCENT @USSOCOM @CJTFOIR @SOJTFOIR #Redfriday 
Then God will pass HIS judgement, if he dies. Either way, he faces judgement. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
🚨ICYMI: “We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression Our President &amp; ED @KristenClarkeJD joins @VelshiRuhle to discuss the road ahead to ensuring every American can make their voices heard at the ballot box. Watch Now: 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Damn shame Meggs has buyers remorse, poor Harry, forced to do something he never dreamt of doing for it not for one Delilah, oh I mean Meghan Markle. Sorry Sampson, oh I mean Harry. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
John Sununu says Mitt Romney is being influenced by his personal dislike for President Trump | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Interesting,Is China trying to kill their people or spread disease all over the world?How incompetent and reckless.I'd take whatever help I could to stop it 
The Great Awakining. Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Shocking new evidence rocks Trump impeachment before Senate trial 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
.@NicolleDWallace says Rep. Schiff used his opening arguments today to "try to reverse this tide of really rigid partisanship" that she says has been present in Pres. Trump's impeachment trial. 
.@HardballChris: "He's the guy, who in his character, would sell out the country for a cheap political opportunity. He would. And here's the scary part, he will." 
National Review Writer Alexandra DeSanctis on Trump Attending March for Life Rally: Overall I Would Give The President High Marks 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@realDonaldTrump #DonLemon assault. 6 figure settlement rejected! “[Lemon] put his hand down the front of his own shorts, and vigorously rubbed his genitalia, removed his hand and shoved his index and middle fingers into Plaintiff's mustache and under Plaintiff's nose," 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
🚨🚨ITS ABSOLUTELY SHAMEFUL::IF IT WASNT FOR THE UNs FAILED 50-YEAR AGENDA AND IRANIAN BACKED TERROR::THERE WOULD ALREADY BE PEACE THANK YOU @POTUS🌹 🚨🚨Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | Perhaps no one has benefited more from Sanders’s career in politics than his wife Jane. 
Nobody wants Bernie, except the Dem voters :-) - Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | (yeah dems let’s bring this to America, idiots!) 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight - 
Johnson: Day One of impeachment trial was like &amp;#8216;Wheel of Fortune,&amp;#8217; Day Two is… 
AMERICA IS ASKING FOR DOCUMENTS, WITNESSES. 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' #ImpeachmentTrialRules 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script I believe that this part was planned on by Trump’s defense. They want Bolton bad enough Trump’s team will get who they want. Quid pro quo? 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
This is the dumbest thing I’ve ever read... I- 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Sen. Murphy: 'I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden' 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt What’s good for the goose...bring on both Biden’s. The whistleblower. Atkinson. Let’s play. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Now imagine if you or I did this? Seriously, do you really think you or I could do this? Ok, too abstract? Imagine if President Obama did this, would he get away with it? Ok. So... 
Pete Buttigieg: “Let’s elect a president who is focused on unifying the country.” 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Vote, let’s blow this poll up. #MAGA #Trump2020 #Trump2020Landslide #KAG2020 #2A #2AShallNotBeInfringed #MyPresident 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad'... Why do the Bidens think they didn’t do anything corrupt? Why did Obama allow this $7B corruption to happen anyway? 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries | 
U.N. experts call for investigation into Saudi crown prince's possible involvement in hacking of Jeff Bezos' phone 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump%20slides%20in%20poll%2C%20even%20among%20Trump%20voters 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
“In other words, confronted with a report about evidence that his impeachment defense is a lie, the president thought it’d be a good idea to publish a rather obvious lie.” Alas, it wasn’t the only one. 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' 
Michael Goodwin: #Trump #ImpeachmentTrial – Even with #Bolton, case against president is too small for removal More Headlines: 
Sure sounds just like Trump. 
Considering Dems gave Republicans no opportunities to call witnesses during the “House Investigation”, I’m curious why they’d not judge the merits of the case on what the House provided?! It’s always a”new revelation” withDems and RINOs 
95% calls to Kings office in favor of witnesses. 95%!! McConnell is denying this country of a fair trial. Give the people the facts!! We deserve to see the original transcript. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Hot mic catches Pence telling Netanyahu 'He’s unstoppable' 
@RawStory @SenatorCollins ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump campaign, RNC announce $105M fundraising haul, blowing past Dem candidates 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate. Hmmm, Interesting the tax cut isn’t fair. My husband paid in to social security all his life time. He had a major heart attack. 4month before he got to collect it his social security. Thank you 🙏 Joe 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
He ran for President as a Democrat four years ago. Now Lincoln Chafee is back… but this time he’s running as a Libertarian. Former Rhode Island Governor @LincolnChafee joins the Rundown to explain why. Listen and subscribe now! 
.@AdairsvilleRob @RepLoudermilk @sendavidperdue @kloeffler Congress DOES have a role in getting Big Tech to return to being a neutral platform. 
Can we please divert Trump's team to the outhouse where the shit belongs? Asking for millions of friends #TrialsHaveWitnesses Nbc: Schumer: Trump's defense team 'can't directly address the issues' 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
The new GMC Yukon has a secret feature that allows it to spin almost like a tank — it's been nicknamed the "Hurricane Turn." 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
@SaraCarterDC @RudyGiuliani @RepJerryNadler @JoeBiden The wheels are falling off Rudy ... May still be time to cut a deal before @realDonaldTrump throws you under the bus. 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
An apple a day ain't gonna keep the doctor away on this virus. Maybe time 4 US 2 impose more draconian measures? As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
"Thursday's Mini-Report, 1.23.20" 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
The strategy of avoiding CJ Roberts is in the works? Geoff Bennett says the White House is "not ruling out" bringing forward a motion to dismiss during the impeachment trial. 
Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
@realDonaldTrump NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
"Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza" Again, the Palestinians rejected it out of hand, and have called for protests. Madness! 
dems are giving compelling reason why they need the material in there opening statement 
But..OANN is rising &amp; FOX is falling due to poor lib infiltration &amp; shift. has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
@WayneDupreeShow Lowest ratings of all time... gee, I wonder why? 😂 
Our new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now. Download the first 2 episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Graham said he was optimistic that the Senate would vote to bring the impeachment trial to an end on Friday and called the case brought by Democratic impeachment managers "the weakest case you'll ever see in the history of the country." 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
He is a thug. Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
#Trump , at packed #NewJerseyRally , hits congressional Dems amid #impeachment fight #Trumprally #MAGA #Trump2020 
I recall a little confusion when she aided false accusations against Justice Kavanaugh Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
🚨#coronarvirues🚨 China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
wins for 18th Year FNC grew 28% compared to last Jan. #MSNBC lost 12% &amp; #CNN lost 8%. In Primetime #Hannity is #1, #TuckerCarlsonTonight #2 &amp; #IngrahamAngle #3. CNN Dumbo Host #DonLemon bottoms at 35Th 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋🕋 'Palestinian' traitor @RashidaTlaib backs down from anti-Israel lie but doesn't have the beans to apologize. Nauseating inbred. Tough times coming for these anti-American slime bags. 
I say AMEN to this. 
Sen. Stabenow: 'John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate' 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | ⁦⁩ 
@realDonaldTrump My, how soon we forget. Trump admits Socoal Secirity cuts post 2020 election. Then walks it back in a tweet. Lies, lies, lies, and more lies. 
Al Sharpton tells Chris Matthews that the recently released tapes by Lev Parnas are "bad news" for Trump. 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' U ignorant slob bitch. The American dream is not going into a country and living off its people like leeches. That is the kind of country u and ur 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Hot mic catches Pence telling Netanyahu 'He’s unstoppable' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Bernies so dumb to let them do this to him again. @AOC should be outraged. But no they will roll over and show their bellies. @DonaldJTrumpJr Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
😡👉...the #GOP “so what,” defense? 
😉Chris Evans, John Krasinski in hilarious Hyundai commercial for Sunday's game 
What is democratic socialism? 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses From Discover on Google 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others Well stated, we have enough faith&amp; respect for the constitutional process that we don’t require partisan &amp; politically weaponized witnesses ! 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism 
So now the Senate is doing investigation (that is the job of the House) and trial at the same time? McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
Stephen King walks back remarks, now says Oscars 'rigged' for white people after claiming 'quality' matters over diversity 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
@SecPompeo If you want to respond to the American people's demands... "National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | " _____ I am a torture victim of the FBI. Trump is covering up human rights abuse. 
Yall.. this might actually be happening #Bernie2020 
Funny Funny. 
Today appears to be a historic day in the middle east with efforts to bring Peace and Security. Both Trump and Netanyahu danced around crying Peace and Security, we can appreciate the Pres.Trump is a man who intends to change times and seasons 
@GOP @PamBondi So what? The cat has already been let out of the bag &amp; it scratched the living daylights out of you &amp; the reasoning behind all your Hunter Biden lies on the way out! Good luck in the Iowa Caucus! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
'Real people are getting hurt': House Dem on need for Ukraine aid @ @RepJasonCrow Given Our Promise of Secure Borders, why hasn't the U.S. sent Combat Troops to Ukraine &amp; demand Russian Military forces vacate Ukrainian Soil? #take_a_stand 
It never ends..#ImpeachmentTrials Congress eyes potential corruption by Trump inaugural chairman @nbcnews 
Turkey earthquake: 8 dead, hundreds injured after 6.8-magnitude earthquake 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 THE ORANGE NIGHTMARE'S conversation 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Accused of taking bribes. Arrested by FBI. #MAGA 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees THE CORRUPTION CONTINUES 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"Jimmy Fallon, John Cena and other stars workout in hilarious beer commercial for Sunday’s game" FOX NEWS 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Stop him... 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus' 
Pete Buttigieg: "This is our chance to set a different course for what the next four years, but also the next forty years, are going to look like." 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Louisiana is having a year. 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
⁦@MarshaBlackburn⁩, read this fact checker. 
@Baffledbrit59 @RWPUSA @smp0312 @realDonaldTrump Yes. Unfortunately it’s true. I had hoped ppl around him would influence him. But ppl with personality disorders create chaos &amp; only do what they want to. There are no guard rails now as the book A Very Stable Genuis refers to. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Ingraham investigation: Inside the 2016 Obama administration meeting with Ukrainian officials | 
Exactly where it is going. People should wake up and rally against this railroad of a trial. 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Not Senator? Only confirms once more time Trump is blatantly lying to the american public when he repeatedly claims that he doesn’t know Lev Parnas. Sen. Lankford: New audio tape 'not really relevant' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Here's the exact Hillary quote: “They’re also gonna do the third party again. And I’m not making any predictions, but I think they’ve got their eye on somebody who is currently in the Democratic primary, and are grooming her to be the third party... 
I love him so much. But I always have since I’ve known who he is. Adam Schiff is an absolute treasure. 
Yeee Hah! Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
"How dare they tell the American public that the president is a criminal BEFORE the elections?!?!?" 
@SteveScalise @realDonaldTrump Actions like this cause concerns about election security, Steve. Bipartisan bills blocked. Why? Insecure elections could unfairly benefit either party. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
"Increasingly"? This wouldn't be the first time Romney has given me false hope by voting down something he seemed to support. I hope he comes through this time. Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
@senatemajldr @GOP @SenateGOP Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump @ 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves . Thank you, Lord❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️ 
"We're really in the sentencing phase," @HardballChris says. "I don't think we're in the phase of 'you're guilty' or 'you're not guilty' ... you can get these men and women together, turn off the mics and they'd agree this guy did something pretty awful." 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters I don't believe in belittling people, belittling anyone for who they are, what they believe, or where they're from," Lemon said😡REALLY?Isn’t that his full time job?CNN is Anti-Conservatives&amp;TrumpHaters 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
#ImpeachBarr #ConvictAndRemoveTrumpNow Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
"Claire Danes turned down 'Titanic' role, has 'zero regret'" FOX NEWS 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
Al Sharpton: Parnas tape ‘very bad’ for Trump 
From Discover on Google 
Missing son of 2 Missouri judges found dead in California nearly a month after vanishing 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
@headtoweather @resistelle2 @Anons_revenge @ShelbyKStewart @co_rapunzel4 @jeanlibby5 @Gallaecian @MulhollandLeda @ImaDisneyDork2 @RomanHoratio @5838Lex @TarynStanford @BodhisattvaKat @mom_ceo_dj Finally found a source other than the Hill: 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Really?????? Trump says he hasn’t seen John Bolton manuscript 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @senatemajldr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FuckTheGOP #ComplictGOP #GOPHypocrisy #GOPCorruption #IMPOTUS45 #GOPCoverUp Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims #SmartNews 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
The last paragraph of this article was worth the whole read 😆 Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments Totally agree they need stop and support President Trump 
Watergate prosecutor: Trump is worse than Nixon because he has no ‘shame’ 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law How disgusting are the spectators filming this? 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ spreads hate, bias and antiSemite LIES - she doesn’t “Share information” Vote her out MI 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
If Liberalism is so right, why are these cities so deadly? America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Weld: Trump is a ‘recipe for disaster’ for GOP 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters He needs to kneel and say I’m sorry! A moron on CNN 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Wow ⁦@LouisianaGov⁩ . #Louisiana #BatonRouge #NewOrleans 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
#TrumpRallies Can't stop us!! Can't slow us down!! Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees ...Liberal Democrats Can’t Even Treat [their] own with Respect ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
It's worth considering what in the world that means."Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
😀😅😂🤣👌🏻👍🏻Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez Oh great ⁦@SFDAOffice⁩ ⁦@chesaboudin⁩ was raised by terrorist &amp; worked for Chavez in SOCIALIST VENEZUELA &amp; he thinks criminals shouldn’t be punished!! 🙄 
Classic 45 reaction.... just like a mob boss! White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #LetTheWitnessesSpeak 
"The GOP is badly and sorely mistaken" #TrumpRallyNJ #JohnBoltonMustTestify 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base And all the other flights coming from China?????? @realdonaldtrump 
Beginning of the end of America.... 
This was a great interview! Great work @ 
Just more blatant proof of this #CriminalInChief 
BREAKING RETWEET: Can/will someone show one peice of evidence which exonerates, or shows Trump's innocence, after the tape being released? This scheme of Donnie "Two Tits" was 18 months in the making!!! #ImpeachTheMFTraitor #RemoveTrump #RemoveTrumpNow 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 😂😂😂😂😂😂😬 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
: McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied. @GoogleNews 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal | 
Hillary Clinton the most corrupt politician in American history!Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Rep. Nadler tells Ari Melber that House impeachment managers may call for fmr. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly to testify in the Senate impeachment trial. - 'Trump nightmare: Rebelling ex-aides testify at trial' - 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
#coronaviruses #CoronavirusOutbreak WUHAN CORONAVIRUS British Airways ceased all flights mainland China amid the coronavirus outbreak coming after the UK advised against "all but essential" travel to rest of country on Tuesday. M @7NewsWatertown💩 
From Discover on Google With so many accomplishments in three short years, it is obvious to vote for the Republicans in both chambers and for their boss in the White House. I know that hurts the feelings of #VeryFakeNews. 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Atleast we don't (allegedly) stick our hands down our pants, grab some body funk and rub it under someone else's nose. 😅 #DonLemon is not very intelligent. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Why was a man suspected of being on PCP put in the passenger seat of a cruiser? 🤔 Why would anyone in police custody be put up front for that matter? Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Internet watchdog calls on Congress to revoke big tech protections to ... 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
So those "Headaches" that soldiers had over in Iraq... were severe traumatic brain injuries. I don't want War. I want Republican voters to see that Trump is lying and trying to rewrite history. #1984Trump 
Hey @SenatorRomney @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @Sen_JoeManchin ...are you getting this? WeThePeople are judge and jury on Nov 3rd also. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @tedcruz Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@andyobryan @BretBaier @KatiePavlich 16:07 in this show. 
Conservative critics of Pres. Trump launch a PAC to defeat him in the next election. Cofounder Rick Wilson says the current GOP "is dedicated to the sole defense of a man who is overtly criminal, overtly corrupt, and who has diminished the office" 
I am guessing that's why his legal team sounds like a bunch of lying bozos. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@tedcruz @TrumpWarRoom Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
👍🇺🇸👊🌷 Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Here's hoping that he #GOPSenate gets tired of living at the end of a shoe factory assembly line as these "other shoes" keep landing on their heads. #ImpeachAndRemove 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Jay Sekulow at impeachment trial: You're being asked to remove a president in an election year 
Chris Matthews: If I were a Republican, I’d ask, ‘What happened to my god damn party?’ 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
"Unwilling to serve under Trump, Foreign Service official resigns" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"It's absolutely imperative that we have witnesses with first-hand information ... what is the president afraid of?" - Sen. Tester on potential witnesses at impeachment trial 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript | Biden will purjor himself opening the door to crush the criminal organization “DNC” it was a trap from the beginning 
Colbert is not on my list of favorite talk show host. Hearing this about his family really is sad. It's been many years but the pain really never goes away.The unthinkable anguish loved ones feel when you have a loss like this is unimaginable. 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Maddow and panel talking to Parnas's attorney. Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
so bogus, why not go through the FBI... 
Wiley: Trump's legal team 'did not have a lot to work with,' used what they had effectively They are not worth defending the Toddler called DonaldTrump plus the fact that the facts against trump is just overwhelming. Thanks to Adam Schiff wow. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
When politicians act like they are in kindergarten, time to get new politicians. Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' - @GoogleNews 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
AND THERE IT IS; THE @DNC WAY!! THE CORRUPT LYING CHEATING DECEIVING BASTARDS !! “DO AS I SAY NOT AS I DO” 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Buttigieg: Trump is a symptom and cause of many of America's problems 2020 Democratic candidate, Pete Buttigieg, explains why he thinks the 2020election isn't just about Trump and why he says Trump should never have comewithin 'cheating distance' of win... 
Interesting this woman Rome's free and she's a terrorist. Palestinians should take the offer Trump and Israel are offering and become a civil place. wanted female terrorist lives freely in Jordan despite U.S. extradition request 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
@catturd2 poll about Second Amendment LETS FLIP IT: 
It divides the country? That's WHY he attended the "March for Life" @TheJuanWilliams. If you don't accept that that is @realDonaldTrump's goal, to divide the country, you will never accept it. 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
Judge sets high bar for former Trump adviser Flynn to withdraw guilty plea 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
US Embassy dining hall in Baghdad hit by mortar fire, sources say 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
@BetoORourke I think we know who, you who wrote this tweet to ruin someone, just like you wanted to ruin the lives of children etc. 👇 Young Beto O'Rourke wrote 'murder fantasy' about running over children, was part of famed hacking group: report | 
Nashville News 2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday - 
@senatemajldr 69% of Republicans want public witness testimony in Senate trial. How do you conduct a fair trial without witnesses? What could you possibly wish to accomplish by withholding eye witnesses? How about A COVER-UP!?!? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court #CT #ChooseLife 
Philadelphia man surrenders after Allen Iverson's backpack stolen with $500G in jewelry inside 
Dianne Feinstein: 'There is no Deep State' | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law ⁦@BeckyCNN⁩ 
Cruise lines continue to cancel departures from China amid coronavirus outbreak 
Everybody felt like they knew #KobeBryant 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Audio recording appears to show conversation between Parnas and Trump about Ukraine ambassador 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede | 
'We have to do better': Florida paper rejects Trump reelection 
KEN STARR's performance-- "A TV lawyer who was a total legal and Constitutional DISASTER" 
#Beto took a beating from all sides for his stance on tax-exempt organizations who engage in LGBT accommodations discrimination. He could have tried 2 walk those comments back, but didn't. #IntegrityMatters #betoisgood #BetoForVP2020 #Beto @NBCNews 
2020 Democratic senators leave the trail for trial 
FINALLYAs coronavirus spreads. Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
"Tucker: Mayor Pete is worried about 'microaggressions'" FOX NEWS 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Navy 'moves-out' on operating 11 aircraft carriers 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
WATCH: Uncertainty over witnesses as Republicans whip votes 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Proposed House bill urges #NASA to delay putting US boots back on the #moon until 2028 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @ @JoeNBC If Trump is removed from office, does Pence automatically appear on each States Ballot? Doesn't He need to Register as all other candidates have had to? Perhaps @GovBillWeld / Pence ticket 
"Team ORANGE NIGHTMARE eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
CONGRATULATIONS on you Running !! You Will Do a FANTASTIC Job !! In the SENATE !! You A Wonderful Blessed Person a Passionate for The AMERICAN PEOPLE n COUNTRY n Trump Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
The truth is the Republican senators hate Trump as much as the Democrats! Disgusting!!! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Incompetent Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenateGOP @TheDemocrats @cnnbrk @cnni @foxnewsalert USA 🇺🇸 HAS NEVER SEEN A POTUS THAT BLAMES EVERYTHING ON EVERYONE ELSE FOR ALL THINGS -LIKE THIS DING DONG! PATHETIC 
Because they only like soldiers that are accused of WAR CRIMES like GALLAGHER: Why Republicans are taking aim at a PURPLE HEART WAR HERO to defend @realDonaldTrump @USMC @usairforce @USArmy @USNavy @USNationalGuard @USCG 
"T.I. apologizes to daughters following Kobe Bryant's death" FOX NEWS 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial | 
Also, meanwhile 😠 "In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Schumer on Trump defense team: 'Their whole argument is diversion' 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for 'reducing abortions' in 2006 interview #AAG #AAG2020 
Report: Sen. Toomey proposing 'one-for-one' witness swap at impeachment trial 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Texas police ID man seen on surveillance rescuing baby from El Paso Walmart shooting 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
@TeresaH58490914 I mean if you want to talk about nepotism.. *looks over at Trump, Ivanka, Jared, Eric, Don Jr...etc etc* However regarding Nunes he was apparently also involved in this scam to get info against the Bidens. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation everyone in this country should sue hillery Clinton for defaming everyone in one way or the other, I want my 1,000,000,000 dollar check also, ill be looking for it. 
@SenSchumer Why are the @SenateGOP ignoring all the Facts of this case? It's pretty clear by those who have testified and other evidence! There's even more that the WH refuses to turn over! Plus the witnesses! The President even confirmed that in a Press conference! 
Interesting considering he's a senior citizen. Interesting, considering his campaign promises say otherwise. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho 
Massive Crowds Form for #Trump ’s #NewJersey Rally amid #Impeachment Fight 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues - 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
Rhino Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' its the end for him 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Tom Ayres: Here's why Space Force is key to maintaining America's edge in the 21st Century | Expansion of cyber territory. 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
Our newest Republican Congressman! WWG1WGA #Redpill #WalkAway #POTUS #Qanon Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@itsJeffTiedrich And who discusses his quid-pro-quo with Sondland on an unsecure phone. 🙄 Maddow - VIDEO 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Lankford, Blackburn react to witness battle #AAG #AAG2020 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
@jpaula58 Did you see this article? “Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor.” 😂😂😂 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Eight dead, hundreds injured after 6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes Turkey 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base. 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment' | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Even the people the @DNC hire in @SpeakerPelosi district are corrupt 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Lowest viewership in its entire history. These celebrities need to get a clue. As with movie stars, people are tired of their egos. 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during impeachment trial: Capitol Hill correspondent Garrett Haake gives an inside look at how senators are entertaining themselves on the Senate floor during the impeachment… 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Compose new Tweet / Twitter 
Oh snap. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @wef #WednesdayWisdom #WednesdayMotivation Flip-Flopping #LIAR #DonaldTrump's Tour de Force of #LYING Many #LIES!!! Spoiled #Rich Kid #Trump &amp; his Toadies Are Getting Ready to Cut #SocialSecurity, #Medicare, and/or #Medicaid!!! #Promise-Made, NOT KEPT!!! . 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
So... How much did the dirty rat-bag Dems pay Bolton so far? McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@OANN @realDonaldTrump China has refused foreign help. Your vaccine may not be able to get in. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
........ Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sen. Blumenthal: ‘Proof is overwhelming’ that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN Lying? You stated you didn't know #LevParnas yet you had dinner (confirmed) with him at the Trump hotel. In fact there is a 1 hour 24 minute audio tape of you at that dinner with them. At that dinner, YOU brought up Ukraine, then the Ambassador. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rep. Demings: ‘Take her out’ line usually comes from mobsters 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
@Jali_Cat @SenFeinstein @POTUS Maybe she should be worrying about her own backyard? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Inadmissible or not it doesn't make any difference. At worse, it is a "he said - he said" situation. NYTs, king of "fake news" leaks a possible Bolton statement and all the DemoPublicans go crazy. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
80% support idea of impeachment trial witnesses in new poll 
@Scavino45 @POTUS This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
@FulhamFCUSA Check out this story from California. #COYW 
@LorenRaeDeJ Maddow / Parnas interview transcript PARNAS: He fired her probably at least, to my knowledge, at least four, five times. ... MADDOW: He was directing the State Department to remove her and the State Department was refusing? PARNAS: Correct. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
: Dr. Marc Siegel sounds alarm over China's 'reckless' and 'really scary' response to coronavirus. @GoogleNews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Morning Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump The president's lawyers insisted at his Senate impeachment trial Monday that there was nothing improper about his dealings with Ukraine's government. The Morning Joe panel discusses. 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine Pompeo's treatment of this reported is disgraceful and flagrant misogyny. He should resign. 
Friday January 24 - The Rachel Maddow Show: Schiff: 'If right doesn't matter, we're lost'; Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ Via @maddow @ 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat | 
"Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals" FOX NEWS 
“It’s a shock. I think that department has been run like a one-person fiefdom for a long time,” People are shitting on the streets at a rate that warrants multiple apps to help citizens avoid it... it’s not that much of a shock. 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
Grandson of George H.W. Bush running for Congress | 
@RKJ65 I was wrong. Sorry. But watch this. 
#Trump2020 #KAG2020 #KAG Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@jmckinney90 @TheRobot_Rebel @fabtanks @Timcast Socialism and capitalism are economic structures Democracy and communism are political structures Democratic socialism is allowing the citizens to have collective control of essential services Here is a short explanation 
@IngrahamAngle Bolton lied!DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case the App 
Trump fires up crowd at massive MAGA rally in NJ | 
Claire McCaskill to Bitch Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Dumbshit Trump 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' Love this! C’mon Bolton, stop leaking and let’s get it on! Chicken? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Doesn’t look ok to me but then again I am a republican conservative 
Queen Elizabeth's first public engagements announced amid royal family drama 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Foil hats on Pennsylvanians! 2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans This is why we need to get the entire @GOP out of power. 
Given history, this will be an interesting development. After 70 years of trying to obtain peace, with hope, Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@Gingrich_of_PA @SenFeinstein I'm so confused 😩. Fox just reported: McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses 
Donald Trump’s legal defense team will not deny Trump’s actions, just say they are not impeachable - - 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
$Tsla 59 minute plus Timeline they talk Tesla and stock price 2018.. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@Savdini @JRehling @lawhawk All 1 hour, 23 minutes. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording #politico #ImpeachmentHearings #TrumpTapes 
#lyinTrump's defense is I never said what you have video of me saying! 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | THIS was spectacular 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
@SenatorCollins The majority of Americans want the lying corrupt man squatting in our WH gone! We are watching and we are angry! We are sick and tired of #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Seems like it could be taken numerous ways, but yeah, from an R who seems to say, "we'll see how they've affected Biden in IA" feels like acknowledgement to me as well. Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' 
Still gutless when squeezed: Sour Lemon is the poster child of the biased fake news media. Not just at CNN, but MSNBC et al. Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily" 
Moderate #Senators will be seen as brothers-in-arms with radical #Democrats &amp; will lose ALL conservative support. It's that serious. #RinoTraitors Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
"GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns" 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant 
WATCH: Claire McCaskill and @Lawrence explain why retiring Sen. Alexander is seen by many as a bellwether for how Republican senators who are on the fence about President Trump's impeachment could ultimately vote on issues like allowing witness testimony. 
@mkraju Are Senators listening to their constituents? 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
James @Comey has to be just loving this @ABC Wonder if #Trump will send #Comey an autographed copy? 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Yes. That is how GUILTY you are. -Haven't released a SINGLE document or witness, yet Schiff &amp; team were able to prove every single element of their case. Also, you can't help yourself! You keep dropping new evidence &amp; bombshells every single DAMN DAY. 
@realDonaldTrump The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
@SenatorCollins See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
@RepAdamSchiff did you eat paint chips as a child? Trump’s legal team destroyed your case with actual facts and zero assumptions. 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters. Yes! Larry, Moe and Curly on CNN!!! Haven’t watched CNN in over a year and never will again. 
1/26/20: "Pompeo blasts 'shameful' NPR reporter, claims she broke agreement reached before interview" “NPR reporter Mary Louise Kelly lied to me, twice,” Pompeo said in the statement. “First, last month, in setting up our interview... " 1/2 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters LYING IS WORSE THAN HIS DISRESPECT 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
DEADLY DISEASE 😷 s definitely a need for Travel Ban @potus @realDonaldTrump 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
WATCH: Brian Williams looks back at the life and career of PBS NewsHour co-founder and revered journalist Jim Lehrer, who died Thursday at age 85. 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Tweet from (@) Sen. Durbin:"If we don’t have witnesses under oath speaking the truth to the American people – this is not a trial. All that you’ve seen is a presentation of some political theory, but it is not a trial." 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Spot on as usual from ⁦@dangainor⁩ 
@epells saw your article on Kobe getting a break in the era of #MeToo Qq: are women not capable of lying??? 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Experts reject Trump lawyer Dershowitz's claim abuse of power isn't impeachable 
March for Life President Jeanne Mancini: Women won the right to vote, now we must win the right to life. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails. Comment: What a madman! 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal Adam Schiff Is An American Hero And Now HAS A TAPE OF TRUMP ORDERING THE FIRING OF THE UKRAINE 🇺🇦 AMBASSADOR 
President Trump's Children SHOULD SUE Chuck Schumer OUT OF EXISTENCE!!! 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad! 👍@SenatorCollins @ProjectLincoln @TheRickWilson @gtconway3d 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
.. @NSAGov @TheJusticeDept @ChieftainNews YOUR GOING TO WANT TO LOOK AT HOW MUCH THE PUEBLO POLICE/SHERIFF AND FIRE DEPT HAVE SPENT AT HOME DEPOT THEY HAVE BEEN REMOLDING THEIR HOMES WITH TAX PAYERS MONEY,, 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Two former senators talk differences between Trump, Clinton trials. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script / WHY don’t we have the votes to acquit? Every American knows this whole thing is a sham! 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" 
Our new breakdown of the Trump trial: McConnell unsure of his vote count on witnesses, Gen. Kelly turning on Trump for Bolton, and "New Ken Starr" battling "Old Ken Starr" 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' | 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono Not powerful! No case at all! 
Coronavirus outbreak spurs Paris to cancel Lunar New Year parade, impacts celebrations worldwide 
A week and a half ago, the top story on was: "Conor McGregor blasts Cerrone in 40 seconds in UFC return" 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
The bottom line is the Bidens were in involved in corruption and forcing Countries to give them money. They should be investigated and charged with corruption. John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' Just consider the source! 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
If Trump wants to reduce federal spending he needs to stop spending over 2million every time he goes to Mar Lago and stop paying for his kids security 
.@MaddowBlog: Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the "age of impeachment" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Perhaps Sanders Campaign should send Hillary to the gulags. LOL. She is the true enemy. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Well for one they have all these "'re-education" camps they're not crazy for the world to see... 
On calls for more witnesses, Senator Chuck Schumer says, "A majority of Republicans, close to 60% of Republicans, think witnesses and documents are fair." 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
@RMerriametc and from last March, so this is not new. 
Trump campaign manager Brad Parscale said that the campaign had received 158,632 requests for tickets at the event,and had identified a total of 73,482 voters-10.4 percent of whom didn't vote in 2016, and 26.3 percent of whom were self-described Democrats. 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: 4 of the 9 bodies identified, authorities say 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
@realDonaldTrump is guilty! Let the evidence show the truth. America needs the truth...we can handle the truth! 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Well, well, well...color me surprised. 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
@jeremyherb @ryanbeckwith @arogDC Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office. ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ #RepresentUs #HonorYourOath 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
👀 Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@SenRoyBlunt makes it clear why #Witnesses will not be allowed at #TrumpImpeachmentTrial, the fix is in, witnesses won't change it. Hey Republicans @SenateGOP, exonerate #Trump at your own risk! #WeThePeople are watching &amp; WE ARE NOT HAPPY! Signed VOTER 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
No ifs or buts they must be disbarred Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
John Brennan: "Donald Trump is the most ignorant as well as incompetent individual who has ever held the office of the presidency. I worked for 6 presidents." #OneVoice1 
I’M SURE THE WOMEN BROKE A VITAL SHARIA LAW LIKE CHEWING GUM MEANT FOR MEN, READING SOMETHING BESIDES SHARIA LAW BOOKS, NOT WALKING FAR ENOUGH BEHIND THEIR MASTER Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
@SenRickScott @realDonaldTrump Not yet. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that | YOU SO CALLED JOURNALISTS SUCK !!! 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
@realDonaldTrump Your fans are idiots. 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩, She blew it! You’ve been uncovered... Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Wow in New Jersey 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Wow how can this be America?Jordan supposed to be an ally of America 
@MikeParentLEAP @seanhannity Here’s another interesting take on Sanders. 
Rep. Demings: ‘Take her out’ line usually comes from mobsters 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC #SmartNews 
Make no mistake, TODAY the system IS “rigged” to try to retain power of a HORRENDOUS excuse for a US leader. BUT, the tables WILL turn, and and at some point in the near future, the real complaint will be that the system has rigged… 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@MayorBroome America's top 5 deadliest cities Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Claire McCaskill says the Senate Repubs don’t want witnesses n the impeachment trial&amp; “they’re twisting this process beyond recognition, doing permanent damage to the checks &amp; balances to our constitution in order to protect this guy in the White House.” 
John Bolton's team says copies of his book appear to have been made following delivery of the book to White House for a national security review. @carolelee: "They really want to distance themselves from the idea that he is somehow behind leaking this." 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Robert Ray: It's time to trust in the senators, abide by their wisdom 
Chuck Rosenberg on witness strategy in Trump impeachment trial 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ I have NEVER liked that #warmonger #JohnBolton. #dishonest #warmonger — #AcquitTrumpNOW 
Geoff Bennett says the White House is "not ruling out" bringing forward a motion to dismiss during the impeachment trial. #CoverUp 
Screening for coronavirus to be expanded at 20 US airports: report 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Regarding new developments that Sen. Mitch McConnell may not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial, Chuck Schumer says "I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play." 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary This is why I always say fuck China. They want it to spread 
At his 2020 kickoff, Trump remained stuck in the past The problem: Given the spotlight, and presented with a national platform, Trump seemed unable to look ahead. The president enjoyed the 2016 race so much, he apparently wants to stay there indefinitely. 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron | 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. This is what we want in America? Not me! But it does, line up several congress people first! 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Here we go, the door is opened wide. 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation #RamblingDon #MoscowMitch 
Lordy, there’s a tape. NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
.@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Lara Trump says poll with high ratings for economy will be hard for Dems to run against 
Who rejects the argument from Donald Trump's defense team that a president can abuse his power with impunity? Practically everyone ... including Trump's attorney general. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities. 5. Baton Rouge, Louisiana 4. New Orleans, Louisiana 3. Detroit, Michigan 2. Baltimore, Maryland 1. St. Louis, Missouri 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Wondering about Trump's middle east peace plan? 🤔👀 [ ] 
From Discover on Google 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters #CNN #MSNBC 
@BernieSanders Hypocrite - line your and your wife's pockets. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 😱...say she is leaning "toward acquitting Trump" ...now after Liberal Outrage she’s backtracking ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters | 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
@southerncharme7 @RashidaTlaib You won't find her crying about this.... 
😂🤣😂🤣😂 #LevParnas is not allowed in Senate Chambers, Why? No Electronic devices permitted in Senate Chambers. 🤣😂🤣😂(again) He's required to wear an electronic tracking ankle bracelet. Rudy exposed him 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
She was looking for her 5 minute fame. Im Catholic I vote for dems . Republicans are pharisees, they use abortion card and then rip children from their parents Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Yep he don't need it why should anyone else? 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
President Trump's legal team accuses Democrats of a "dangerous attack on the right of the American people to freely choose their president" in formal response to Senate impeachment trial summons. 
Former Democrat lawmaker welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' 
What could have been a constructive piece on generational differences adds to the dissonance... Why not try to give all sides a better understanding? #okboomer 
Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims No talent actress, flop as princess- manipulative divas usually end up in the dumpster - markle belongs in one 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Ah the religion of "peace" at work. In truth Islam in a political ideology. 
Regardless of how much indisputable evidence surfaced, fundamentals don't change - #Trump maybe acquited This contradicts #CommonSense in every way It is anything but #RuleOfLaw #RemoveTrumpNow #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW #Resistance #VoteBlueNoMatterWho 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
@MilknChuckles @TheBrothaGrimm @godlessveggie @alisha627 @SenatorMuth @KnowShonPeters She was looking for a payout. She admitted to friends she wanted to get money from Kobe to pay for breast implants and a koala bear. Not to mention semen was found on her person and clothing that DID NOT match Kobe. #ShesALiar 
More hypocrisy from the #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica Don't they remember how they voted??? Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders / Bolton’s book is about making Bolton rich! Period! This smells like the “late additions” to the Brett Kavanaugh hearings! 
@SenatorCollins Please retweet this.. 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation: A lengthy audio recording released by Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, appears to show a 2018 dinner at which Donald Trump interacts with donors and supporters, including Parnas. 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
@AdamSchiff TAKE THE STAND! Do you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you god? GOP develops aggressive ‘Plan B’ in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #notables #Qanon #WWG1WGA #MAGA 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sen. Murphy: 'I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden' 
Ifilll: Kellyanne Conway's excuse for Trump not observing MLK day 'embarassingly incompetent' 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga Hong Kong closes border with mainland China due to Coronavirus outbreak and CDC reports suicide rate climbing in America. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight - 
@GOP @GOPHouse @GOPSenate @SenatorCollins @ThomTillis @MarthaMcSally @SenDougJones @CoryGardner @GaryPeters @SenJoniErnst @Sendavidperdue Next #ToxicTrump will say, I hardly knew Bolton. 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
The majority of Americans want Trump removed from office! Interesting article from The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!👍👌😳🤮🤬 
This @EVKontorovich op-ed is instructive. EK is from right-wing Israeli think-tank Kohelet Policy Forum (recently hosted Netanyahu, Friedman) &amp; helped draft anti-BDS bills in US. He praises Trump plan for blackmailing Palestinians &amp; backing annexation. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Bernie Sanders supporters upset about DNC staffing #AAG #AAG2020 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Social media shocked by video of airplane passenger picking dead skin off bare foot 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Well, at least this @POTUS is courageous enough to put forth a plan..... 🙌🙌🙌 👇 Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished @ScienceChannel 
@AhyehAsher @TheWesternIdeaI @CNN No, not really. 
@HardballChris your remarks about Hunter Biden are asinine. If he wanted the Bidens investigated that’s what the DOJ was for. 
Truth be told @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @senatemajldr @GOPLeader @PressSec @LindseyGrahamSC... 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump there were no lies told oh, there are more tapes coming out Trump denied ever knowing anything about 
@realDonaldTrump Rep. Val Demings: "We are going to continue to push for documents and witnesses ... What trial in America does not have witnesses and documents?" 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@shoegalhms You're wrong about . NPR &amp; are the ONLY national media who have broadcast stories about how CPP suffer. 
Thats just republicans using this impeachment like a campaign attack still attacking Joe Biden,trying to discret him for revenge because this is how donald trump got caught investigating biden 
Impeach this: Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries | 
DEVELOPING STORY BREAKING NOW Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
💰For Good Karma Donate To This Twitter Account On CashApp $atomic811 So I Can Buy Bitcoin:💰 "Great Britain to use Chinese telecom giant Huawei despite US concerns" 
Presidential candidate Senator Amy Klobuchar, D-MN., said that she would like to see her rising 2020 Democratic opponent former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg on the debate stage so that voters could "evaluate him." 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Miracle on Ice Team Captain Mike Eurozione rides shotgun on Fox Across America to discuss his new book. RNC co-chair ⁦@TommyHicksGOP⁩ talks 2020 and ⁦@HarryHurley⁩ checks in from tonight’s Trump Rally in Atlantic City. Listen live or 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
@realDonaldTrump FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" Trump likes to fight the truth with lies. @realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @Seanhannity 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Maybe it’s just dementia... Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' - @GoogleNews 
Wow @BernieSanders you're going to be Hillary'd again! #FeelTheBern 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' "He is a strong fighter for our nation's national security," “He deserves to be re-elected.” 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"The picture is getting worse for the president, not better..." #ImpeachmentTrial 
"We have laid out a devastating case against the president as it relates to his corrupt abuse of power," says @RepJeffries, a House impeachment manager and Democrat. "The facts are uncontested, The evidence is overwhelming. The president has no defense." 
'Take her out' recording is 1 hr and 24 mins - made in secret. Two future criminal defendants, arrested for paying off politicians on behalf of foreign actors, first pressed 'record' and then played the 'President' of the United States like a fiddle.😳 
this asshole needs to be teached a lesson, tried, convicted and sentenced. Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Bolton news creates straightforward test… 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Told you Bernie folks weeks ago if not months ago that Bernie will never be allowed to win the DNC nomination. Well, Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
VOTE EVERYONE OF THESE SPINELESS FAKE AMERICANS OUT NEXT ELECTION! They aren’t in Washington for us. They are there just to fill up thier back account! - McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Steele: Impeachment process ‘dumbed down to the lowest pitiful common denominator of ugly and stupid’ 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@KumpfVeronica @MarcellaGrid Why don't you ask Trump? Why didn't you ask Jeffrey Epstein? Why don't you ask Harvey Weinstein? Why didn't you ask Roger Ailes? Because you're a RACIST. You don't really care about women getting raped. All are/were famous men, but they are white 
NSC MUST NOT CLEAR BOLTON'S BOOK...PERIOD! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @seanhannity @limbaugh @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner @AGWilliamBarr @WHNSC @FBI @nytimes @pnjaban @Jim_Jordan @senatemajldr @THEHermanCain @DonaldJTrumpJr @ABCPolitics @SecPompeo @CNN 
Trump's White House makes "Dumb and Dumber" look like a serious documentary... "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
“The second article of impeachment was for obstruction of Congress: covering up witnesses and documents from the American people. This morning the President not only confessed to it, he bragged about it.” 
Supreme Court not going to fast-track Obamacare 
“We should all want to know the truth.” Tennessee voters speak to @CalNBC as the state's two senators strike different tones on impeachment. 
@PhDnotMD @MichaelAvenatti 2/2 They "co-opt the instruments of power, which are intelligence, security, &amp; the justice system, so that they can prosecute...individuals who have the audacity to challenge them." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | . 
Awww, poor little Trumplican Snowflakes got their feelings hurt because Don Lemon's guests said mean things about them and their king! 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
POLL- Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
@Amy_Siskind Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
#SanFrancisco official in charge of cleaning up city's #filthy streets arrested. You couldn’t make this up. I left my... in San Francisco. The ... is not heart anymore. 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied And admonished by the Chief Justice 
Lemon, You are a nasty partisan hack... &amp; I am a #CredulousBoomerRube! Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Puerto Rico shocked by magnitude 5.9 earthquake causing further damage to island 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation #5a6e40d6cb2358b593242130a21a5fec #foxnewsmedia 
@MarshaBlackburn Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Senate majority just changed hands. I know it won’t happen until November, but mark this as the moment. 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza A Man With A Plan ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG2020LandslideVictory God Bless America 🙏🏻☦️🇺🇸🙏🏻☦️🇺🇸 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
You can’t blame hungry peace officers. On the other hand the wienermobile is an oppressive symbol of toxic masculinity. 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
House Democrats are expected to wrap up their impeachment trial opening arguments today. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Go Claire! Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #SmartNews 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
@gatewaypundit @TheScoop_US China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Another coronavirus case has been confirmed in the U.S., this time in Chicago 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" I look forward to him leading Trump's defense. What a dweeb. 
@seanhannity @LindseyGrahamSC only fact you need 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
As asked on ⁦⁦@Morning_Joe⁩, does Ken Starr know that he’s Ken Starr? #Irony 
Nancy Grace on mother, stepfather of missing Idaho siblings found in Hawaii | Video 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
What is democratic socialism? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Imagine that! Dirty playing. "Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Guaranteed you won’t see this reported on any of the alphabet networks! ⁦MAGA! ⁦⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
House releases new evidence that show texts between Lev Parnas, Devin Nunes staffer 
Spectacular use of the “exonerative tense” for law enforcement here. Defies parody. Bravo. 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Love this story!! ‘Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
@jimiuorio That makes two flubbed "apologies" yesterday. Here's the the other one: 
The people want to hear all of it, not just some! #RightMatters #ImpeachmentTrial. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is “destroying trust in media” by pretending to be nonpartisan. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight That is fantastic! Love you southern New Jersey!!! @potus 
The new NAFTA will help modernize digital trade and keep our innovators innovating! @GaryShapiro will represent the tech industry at today's #USCMAnow signing at the #WhiteHouse, 
Hey boomers ⁦@AARP⁩ ⁦@AARPadvocates⁩ , they won’t tell you this on @Fox ! ⁦@GOP⁩ will be coming for our SS &amp; Medicare to help the tax cuts to the 1% Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Oops he let it slip that the #GOPCOVERUP #GOPFix #GOPCorruptionOverCountry will happen regardless because this is still a #ShamTrial "Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
VP Mike Pence knew about the Ukraine Scandal and can't try to act innocent that he did not know what was going on! Interesting article on The Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
I will never understand how this #FuckingMoron ever got elected. 
Good to know their incompetence also affects them. After the White House spent months arguing the opposite, Trump's Attorney Jay Sekulow insisted that it should be up to the courts to mediate disputes between the executive &amp; legislative branches. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Twitter's 'Comfortably Smug' unveils 'Liberal Hack Tournament' featuring CNN, MSNBC hosts 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Precise, accurate, pertinent analysis of recording where Trump and Parnas discuss Ambasador Yovanovitch - this is not how any world leader should be considering/decision-making about staff and foreign policy. This is not okay. 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump’s curious trial boast: "We have all the material." 
As Trump’s defense wraps up, Bolton book looms large 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of President Trump's New Jersey rally. #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020 #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
"NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack" FOX NEWS 
"Can they really pin a vote on injured feelings?" Brian Williams discusses senators taking offense to Rep. Schiff citing a story that the White House threatened to put the “head on a pike” of Republicans who vote against Pres. Trump. 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
What is Trump thinking? Two men who’ve worked for him weigh in 
: Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees. @GoogleNews 
DAILY REMINDER: REPUBLICAN Senators celebrated our 4th of July 2018 in Russia with Putin's people Richard C. Shelby (Ala.) Steve Daines (Mont.), John Hoeven (N.D.), Ron Johnson (Wis.), John Kennedy (La.), Jerry Moran (Kan.), John Thune (R-S.D.) 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS ...so long, douche bag! #VoteThemAllOut2020 --&gt; 
Great story and video: ‘Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of #Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Adam Schiff-Ukraine connection comes under scrutiny 
Remember those who vote to continue questioning &amp; try to Kavanaugh Trump. No one is beyond being primaried. at the event that there had been approximately 175,000 requests for seats at the venue, which typically holds 7,500. @Varneyco @ 
These are all blue cities dominated by @DNC for decades. And don't forget LA or Chicago, they are likely on the top 20. Unlike Don Lemon, a chuckle does not bring any comfort. This is just one side effect of liberalism. America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Velshi on the fight for truth and a fair impeachment trial 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
"McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial" 
@realDonaldTrump "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@SenateGOP you must call witnesses &amp; review additional evidence! Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@tburages @maddow @JoeBiden @ewarren @BernieSanders Thanks for this. I have written her. Here is a link: 
‘A Very Stable Genius’ details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
After Kobe Bryant’s death in helicopter crash, CNN reporter says he 'faced a very credible rape accusation' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
No one knew this before? Does #culttrump realize that trump's attacks on #SmokingJoeBiden have helped keep him at or near the top of the pack? "Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
"Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away" 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
Gordon Hayward recalls Kobe Bryant scoring 60 points on him in last game, debunks free-throw line rumor #foxnews 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Joe Concha on viral CNN panel mocking Trump supporters 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews He's going for your social security/medicare next. Wake up! Why should he be allowed to use money American workers have paid into year after year just to pay down the debt he has incurred by giving the wealthy a bigly tax break, and his reckless spending! 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
What is China hiding? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@RepMarkMeadows Really.. ? 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
THIS TOXIC SHIT @RealDonaldTrump NEEDS TO BE FLUSHED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, AND AS HIS LITTLE @GOP TURDS WITH HIM. THEY ARE ALL VERMIN. Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' #SmartNews ...How can ⁦@CNN⁩ Allow this Jackass on the air...? 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@bfd502412 @johnbramundo @WalshFreedom No actual DOJ investigation was opened, I thought. If there is, why is Graham this week saying there needs to be one opened at a later date? 
Should ⁦@BarackObama⁩ have been ‘impeached’ for SENDING A ‘plane load of cash to a terrorist state’? Was that ‘abuse of power’?! POLITICS!! GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
We need more strong Texans in office. The CA libs and their failed policies are moving into Houston and Dallas. Our DAs are already creating lawlessness. George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
So sad. 🙏🏼 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins BARR CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION TEAM WHEN ARE YOU BEGINNING INVESTIGATE BARRS LONGGG CRIMINAL HISTORY 
Thank you @CNN and @CNNPolitics for reminding us again who you really are and what you are made of. 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Let’s flip this Lefty poll, #Patriots! 🇺🇸💗🇺🇸 @colgrove11 @catturd2 @Education4Libs #2A #SecondAmendment #NRA 
Vegetarian food company develops a "meat patch" to help fight off cravings 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
@mh2365 @HoopMixOnly Yes, who was a liar and only wanted to get money from Kobe to pay for breast implants and a koala bear. Her parents must be so proud. 
Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt | 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters Don Lemon wasn't bend over laughing at Rick Wilsons remark, he was try to unzip Wislsons pants. 
@Estleton12 @SohrabAhmari Yeah, the audio has been obtained and it's direct conversation between Trump and Parnas. 
WATCH: Rep. Schiff criticizes Pres. Trump's legal team for saying that the House "should have forced" John Bolton to testify, noting that the president ordered Trump admin. officials to not cooperate with the inquiry. 
Eliminate “official misconduct- government gang- unjust practices- abuse-MURDER- FRAUD- CRIME- INJUSTICE NETWORKS”."Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary "The offer was first made on Jan. 6, he said, adding U.S. officials have continued to urge more transparency from the country as the disease spreads." 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 🔥🔥☄️☄️💥#TRUMP☄️💥💥🔥🔥 
@BernieSanders You're stuck playing juror right now. That's their plan. The fix is in again Bernie. 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
We replay every incriminating clip over &amp; over. A majority think Trump should be removed. The needle IS moving. When they don't remove, we never shut up about it, right up until elections. We remove him election in November. 4/4 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial | 
Sen. Collins: 'I'm very likely to vote for additional information' in impeachment trial 
No surprise NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
@RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @TheRickWilson @JoyAnnReid @ Here's the clip. 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
@SenAlexander @SenCoryGardner @SenSusanCollins @SenMcSallyAZ @SenatorCollins @SenatorRomney @lisamurkowski Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" a Damn Draft Dodger ! Affraid to serve his Country as a Young man ,just like his two Boys who shoot innocent Animals on Safaris 
@ZackSampson @KatieLSanders @lmower3 I don't blame anyone for wanting privacy at their homes in Trump's America, as much hate that he's churned up. Remember this👇 Mail bomber targets Trump's 'political enemies' 
" We do not have enough Votes, to block Witnesses in the Impeachment trial" GOP leader, Mitch McConnell Concedes today. A big victory for the Dem's #OneVoice1 
"First of all, let's all be honest that Donald Trump has been obsessed with Barack Obama, so it is not surprising that his attorneys would try and yet again revisit on the excellence of Barack Obama`s presidency." -Senator Kamala Harris Watch: 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
It's good news that #McConnell doesn't have enough votes to block #Witnesses However, can it change the fundamentals that could make acquittal of #Trump out of question? #Bolton #TrumpIsGuilty #TrumpIsCorrupt #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #VoteBlueNoMatterWho 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
Here's @BenFolds discussing the creative process behind songwriting and writing a book 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
@senatemajldr This #Kentucky family wants #WitnessesAndDocuments &amp; so do our friends &amp; neighbors! Now we also want to #DitchMitch2020 Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
⁦@AdamSchiff⁩ Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Trump's promise made to no cuts to Social Security &amp; Medicare,,,a lie. Trump's White House budget plans have proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to Social Security. 
Mentions of Dem Candidates on in the last 6 months. Biden 688 Warren 325 Sanders 266 Buttigieg 213 Klobuchar 112 Bloomberg 111 Yang 66 Steyer 65 Gabbard 49 #YangMediaBlackout #BernieSanders #YangGang #TulsiGabbard #TeamTom 
Even Mike is beating Trump 
FACE IT MISS LINDSAY... THE COUNTRY WANTS THIS AND YOU SOUND LIKE AN ASS! Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews 
Crowds forming overnight for NJ Trump rally. This is America--the MSM can deny it all they want, but America loves Trump! 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Remembering Jim Lehrer: Fair and balanced before it was a slogan 
NEW: Highlights from Day One of Trump’s trial, and why McConnell may have got “caught bluffing” — from our new breakdown tonight by @AriMelber: 
Along with a criminal in the AJ's office. Along with a criminal staff and cabinet, Along with a whole congress full of criminals. The repuk party is the party of criminals. Lock them up!!! Lock them up!!! Lock them up!!! 
Humanity is a great thing!! 
@owen_hebda @wayward_measure @AdelineDimond @thecjpearson @feliciasonmez @PostBaron Here is her friend prepared to testify against her. 
"GOP Senators may vote to acquit, but there is something truly cleansing to the national conscience to see Adam Schiff walk into their chamber and shove a full dose of truth down their throats before they do," fmr. Rep. David Jolly wrote on Twitter. 
@elenochle @prayingmedic @realDonaldTrump @RSBNetwork @tedcruz #verdict Senate Question 🛑 U R G E N T 🛑 Does Adam Schiff Ukraine $60 Million Arms Deal &amp; Igor Pasternak connection relate to "Whistle-blower" Ukraine Corruption Alert to Schiff office=spy on @realDonaldTrump 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump IMPOTUS - PARNAS &amp; "TAKE HER OUT". 
FROM : the full 1 hour, 23 minute audio of Trump's meeting with Lev and Igor 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@oneconnelly1 @alix_real @DrJasonJohnson @BreeNewsome Here is another one from the other day, showing that Bernie’s is leading among non-white voters: 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador @SenateGOP #TakeHerOut #MariaYovanovitch #LevParnas #Tapes @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachedForever 
The Steele Dossier is like so much of the coverage of the @nytimes: important even if fake. @BuzzFeedBen @realDonaldTrump 
... "Simply arguing that the Constitution doesn't allow us to impeach someone for this sort of abuse of power ... I don't think holds water." 
Flash top headlines for Jan. 29 
Day 7 of the Trump impeachment trial in the Senate 
So much for the "world's greatest deliberative body" @nbcnews 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change CreepyJoe @VP44 Will He Keep BLOWING-UP On,The TrailU BetterSee ThingsHisWay! TIMEBOMB!!! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG2020LandslideVictory 🙏🏻☦️🇺🇸#DrainTheSwamp 
🦮 Good advice: You may be walking your dog wrong, 
@grampazachary @VoiceOfReasonNW @cubancafecito @FreedomFritesUS @RobfromMO @markzimpelman11 @Nunyabus99999 @DanFoc77 @VILVNV @Lastplace_champ @slim_mirokujin @Gram247 @Dadsbreak @Fueldog1 @zephyryne @jonlmann1986 @rjocore99 @SherryLeigh5 @VinceGottalotta @jase_1972 @glenn_wofford @BobC7000 @Massanthrope @Gimpmaker @warNuKE_ @BeJamesMadison1 @wordjunkie84 @kg0206 @CHITOWNLK @omgbecky123456 @AppleDank @RegulatedWell @AllAFckinBoard @naturelover3333 @cleflore23 @ryanuga47 @HDWilson @SnidleyWhipass @KennethJOath @MadisonSedona @RCalh @katbritton08 @goldyvladi4691 @nofaithinhuman5 @maxtrail1 I told you the truth emerges: 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' | 
@realDonaldTrump Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Is it any surprise that all these dangerous city are controlled by democrats. All have suffered under decades of failed democrat policies. 
@neontaster @CNN &amp; @donlemon are going to ride the hate train until it crashes, and burns. They don’t have any other choice. They drug their feet in the sand, and they’ll be broken come November. 4 more years....CNN will be bankrupt. Eventually the money will run out. 
New England Patriots' Benjamin Watson says pro-life issues shouldn't be partisan after March for Life 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
The biggest Senate moments from Thursday 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Feel better @AmbJohnBolton as u make millions off of the US Taxpayer? I heard KFC is looking 4 a new spokesperson, get rid of the Amb. 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
@GOP @LindseyGrahamSC What changed, Lenny? 
GAO busts Trump 'no crime' claim with regard to Ukraine scheme 
Audio recording appears to show conversation between Parnas and Trump about Ukraine ambassador 
(Vote people) Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
Impeachment raises questions about secret stash of Trump records 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Rosenberg: The cure for 'hearsay evidence' is to allow testimony and documents - will GOP do that? . Love Chuck Rosenberg!!! 
@realDonaldTrump All Republicans and chumps should watch this. National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Way to go Joni Ernst... 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
I do agree with Chris but Wallace needs to go the way with Shep .... Complete Hack! Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump's defense team on Saturday: "Not a single witness testified that the president himself said that there was any connection between any investigations and security assistance." Reporting on Sunday: Yeah, about that... 
#TrumpImpeachment Trial: Four of @senatemajldr #MoscowMitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of @POTUS 
Like no one saw this coming! Rudy, Rudy, Rudy, you fool! Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
New evidence calls for answer on cancelled Pence Ukraine trip 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Nobody gives a fuck what she if her father has to say! 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
@MarthaMcSally @realDonaldTrump Watch this interview of Les Parnas. It will provide insight into more evidence regarding Trump's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
@RepSusieLee Some Veterans (&amp; pain patients) are now buying heroin on the street to control their pain. Its that or suicide. Was that the plan all along when you all decided to demonize pain Medication? #PainGenocide #opioidhysteria 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: "I believe John Bolton." 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Another corrupt stinkbug. 🤮🤮🙊🙊 
Former Democrat lawmaker welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes to block impeachment witnesses - Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
This means the #ACA/#Obamacare will stay as is until next year. So if you want to save the healthcare law we have which protects #PreExistingConditions, you must vote Dem in November. Supreme Court not going to fast-track Obamacare 
"The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians," @chrislhayes says. "It is wrong and messed up what was done with them ... but fundamentally, the injury is to the U.S. — the injury is to the American electoral system." 
Or What happened to common sense and honesty? Chris Matthews: If I were a Republican, I’d ask, ‘What happened to my god damn party?’ 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
Lawrence: Dem House Managers doing ‘flawless job’ in opening impeachment arguments 
No wonder are doing a crappy job 
Former #Alabama judge sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' | #alpol #alpolitics #COLApol 
@VABVOX Roberts is presiding over the trial, but can be overruled by a simple majority vote. Pence doesn't have a role in the trial except as a potential witness or coconspirator. "Everyone was in the loop." - Sondland 
We own our own bodies. Pain is pain. 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Steele: Impeachment process 'dumbed down to the lowest pitiful common denominator of ugly and stupid' 
From Discover on Google 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@lutabell23 @RepMarkMeadows Nothing to do with Biden? Have you even been watching the impeachment hearings. 🤣 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims 
Fred Fleitz to John Bolton: Withdraw your book 
Schumer: Bolton allegations go 'right to the heart of the charges against the president' 
U.S. Peace Plan Is Fair and Just: () Eugene Kontorovich - The Israeli-Palestinian peace plan unveiled Tuesday is an important and well-crafted effort that would benefit both sides. Critics are already indicting the plan for not meeting all… 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
@LindseyGrahamSC The point is regardless of any lie you tell it will never change the facts of what Trump did or attempted to do. If his ass got caught robbing a bank he would still be a bank robber and there would be consequences for his actions!! 
Live Blog / Trump impeachment: Live updates from the Senate trial 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
“There’s really only one class of individuals who speak like that: Mobsters” Chuck Rosenberg on recording in which a voice apparently belonging to President Trump orders aides to “get rid” of Ambassador Yovanovitch. #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayThoughts 
Republicans gift to Democrats. Not mine! 👋 
Trumpers know no low 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
"Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial" 
#Senate defecates on the U.S. #Constitution. #ImpeachmentDay #impeachment #ImpeachmentHearings #ImpeachmentHoax #GOPCoverup #IMSH2020 #ImpeachmentSham #ImpeachedForever #ImpeachedForLife #ImpeachmentTaskForce #coverup #ShamTrial #Klobuchar 
⁦@ewarren⁩ , a liar and a hypocrite! Is anyone shocked by this? Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics | 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo | 
💥💥@CNN 💩 IS FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE EASILY MANIPULATED WEAK AND HAVE NO LIFE WHO ARE VERY UNINTELLIGENT!! Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 
Sounds like there is some intentional jury tampering and/or jury misconduct going on here! May be time for another first - let’s SEQUESTER the jury ⁦⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
⁦@JoeBiden⁩ can’t handle questions or challenges from voters. ⁦@MSNBC⁩ ⁦@maddow⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@Alyssa_Milano⁩ 
We have to . "China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary" 
Put this in your pipe, and smoke it Mrs Clinton! "Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters" 
Kobe Bryant crash investigators report tremendous response to request for #WEATHER photos; NTSB official describes debris fi #Tweet4Mee 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@WaldnerGlenn @RepMarkMeadows They wanted the WB who is protected by law. The WB offered to testify under oath in writing like Trump did with Mueller. Republicans declined. The GOP had witnesses. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Bolton sold his soul to the devil in exchange for a position in a future democratic administration. DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
People wonder where kids learn bulling? Looks like these guys not only teach it at home but on the job too! Wonder no more liberals are nothing but bullies #firedonlemon 
Congratulations @senatemajldr! 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan. They don’t want peace. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Thank you @SenTomCotton! We need ban on all #Wuhan travel to #USA asap. Targeted ban on other cities in #China because #WuhanVirus is a real threat and maybe caused by #CCPChina #Wuhan lab. #HongKongProtests #realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #MAGA #ChinaLies 
Great progress, @realDonaldTrump 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Sen. Hirono on the possibility of Hunter Biden or John Bolton testifying at the impeachment trial: "This is a trial, and a trial is supposed to have relevant witnesses." 
@RepMarkMeadows Leaked? Yeah, by the White House who had a single copy months ago out of respect. They copied &amp; “shared” it around town. Put that in your conspiracy pipe &amp; smoke it. 
#NewYorkTimes: In #book, #Bolton says #Trump tied #Ukraine #aid to #inquiries, #implicates senior #cabinet officials #News #TrumpUkraine #UkraineAid #JohnBolton #Democrats #PresidentDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump 
Thx for calling them out Clare! It was appalling to watch/hear them lie to Chief Justice Roberts face muchless ours (though we are sadly pretty used to that( 
Lindsey #Graham 'promises' #ACA repeal if #Republicans win in 2020 | 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation nmnm 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
.@HardballChris notes that Trump’s legal defense team and GOP lawmakers didn’t defend Trump’s behavior with Ukraine. Former Senator Barbara Boxer says that, “They cannot defend someone who clearly abused his power.” 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
@Jim_Jordan Since you only watch FOX and don't hear the real news about your dear leader. 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
Coronavirus risk in U.S. 'remains low' even as federal officials take steps to protect public 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
@GOP instead of lies and rhetoric from cowards hiding from the truth yet more actually facts #Rexwasright 
@johnrobertsFox @AlanDersh @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump that's a very bad sign when #apartheidIsrael apologist @AlanDersh is in the M.E. backroom plotting! anyway, not too bad a report on the unveiling today - glad to see Palestinian reaction reported including elected #HamasGovt. #BeFair2Palestine 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
On impeachment, polling points to some... 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
@Dr_Gorgeous @dnix70 @RyanAFournier Biden is who's gonna be real upset when he leaves that room in handcuffs... 
What is democratic socialism? 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate ⁦@RepDougCollins⁩ 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 
. @donlemon lacks any serious credibility due to his bias and racist reporting. No one believes anything he reports. He further demeans the reputation of #FakeNewsCNN whose viewership is in the gutter. Sorry for those stuck inside an airport. 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that WHO???? Freaking PATHETIC journalist. Never heard of this scrotum. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump wants older people to be homeless &amp; go without medical care. If you are over 55 you should be REALLY worried. What about aging parents? Grandparents? Who is going to take care of them? Who's going to pay for hospitals? Nursing homes? 
Yup, a cult. Pure and simple. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court. They found him in his running car in the garage. Efforts were made to revive him. Dulos was taken to UConn Health Center. 
HearHear!!! 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Trump's deteriorating relationship with John Bolton 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial - @GoogleNews 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
As Texas resident this stinks to high hell for us. These people are golden tickets for Mayor Adler. Hell he may go pick them up and call them residents of Austin. California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Man, if only that was literal. 
Trump advice from a criminal.... 
😎Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme | January 28, 2020 #news 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton's unpublished book? 
Psychiatrist: Trump's projection on Chairman Schiff is ‘primitive’ 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
For%20Fact%E2%80%99s%20Sake%3A%20Trump%20did%20not%20create%20the%20%27greatest%27%20U.S.%20economy 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO | 
Sen. Stabenow: Not the Senate's job 'to further [Trump]'s politics' 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
@LeaderHoyer Thank God authentic Americans know better than @thedemocrats that @POTUS engineered the GREATEST ECONOMY in the world, breaking economic record after economic record. Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll | 
@HomegrownJoan @normonics Fake News is scrambling to stop the flow of information which moves faster than it can contain and repackage. They cite that they are battling 'oregano oil cure claims' but in deed they are squelching competing news outlets. Cartel-like activity.... 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974: $500,000 to $700,000 @GoogleNews 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Warranted Distrust in Media! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution #SmartNews 
Varney makes bold prediction ahead of Iowa caucuses: 'Huge problem for the party' 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 100,000 requested Tickets 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
WATCH: As the opening case against President Trump hits the homestretch, @AriMelber breaks down the key moments and highlights from the prosecutors' arguments. 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
‘Truth Hurts’: Dems try shaming Trump’s jurors in Senate trial showdown 
Are they "known unknowns" or are they "unknown unknowns"? "Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Yeah, IDGAF what Kelly thinks or says. 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Don Lemon your job is to report information factually - when you try and become the news with your opinions and fabrication and with your horrible ratings to begin this is what happens which ends in NO ratings!! 
Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at NJ rally: He had enough of Dems' socialism 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Analysis: At his impeachment trial to date, President Trump's legal team has largely been speaking with one voice — their client's. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Who trusts the Media? No one with critical thinking intact will ever trust the Media again. A bunch of puppets, biased political liars-Lemon- 1 of worst 
1. There was no quid pro quo; 2. Ukraine President Zelensky said there was no pressure; 3. Ukraine did not know on July 25 that the aid was delayed; 4. The aid was given to Ukraine within the fiscal year for which it was appropriated. 
During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', 'made points for us' 
Trump's gonna cut Social security. 
Your anti American party hates you. Join the deplorables. get out of that terrorist swamp. There is an axial shift. Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
"Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
WHO THE FUCK CARES???!! Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Do Bernie supporters REALLY think they have a shot in the Clinton Democrat Party? Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Chicago is not on this list GOOD JOB!!! 💪 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Friday’s Campaign Round-Up, 1.24.20 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
WATCH: Rep. Schiff criticizes Pres. Trump's legal team for saying that the House "should have forced" John Bolton to testify, noting that the president ordered Trump admin. officials to not cooperate with the inquiry. 
Trump impeachment trial watchers call for witnesses in Senate 
@realDonaldTrump #WhistleblowerBolton The White House is going to start a smear campaign against Bolton! 
Who put a quarter in this guy?! 👇 More sour grapes than Mittens! Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
Scrambles is right, coming up with a totally bullsh*t arguments "Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment @nbcnews 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Dear John, @AmbJohnBolton Why not book a spot on @MaddowBlog ? Be a hero and come forward with the information! What are you waiting for, book sales? 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
This is the payback McConnell has dreamed of. Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
@realDonaldTrump Not just ‘headaches’: 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries. Yet the 5 time draft dodger said it was only headaches, wishful and foolish thinking. 
@RepMarkMeadows @MZHemingway I'm hearing alot of facts being presented despite you, your party and Jenius. Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
#Schumer praises #Schiff for holding #GOP #rapt, #convincing #public #News #TrumpImpeachment #Trump #Impeachment #SenateImpeachment #Senate #House #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #Trial 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says | 
Fun rally - Bars and restaurants offered drink specials like the "MAGA-Rita" and the "subpoena-colada" Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
SenWarren: During my very first banking committee hearing in 2013, I asked our bank regulators when they last took a bank to trial for breaking the law. They couldn’t answer it. That’s because Too Big to Fail also means Too Big for Trial – &amp; that’s just … 
@realDonaldTrump Trump’s lawyers want to show the Senate the truth?? Good. Play this video of Trump having dinner with Lev Parnas. Then show the videos of him saying he doesn’t know Parnas. 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
#WalkAwayFromDemocrats #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Live Audio 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
This is disgusting. The spineless Republicans will never learn. Our government is broken and is not following the Constitution. Dangerous times!! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Sen. Kamala Harris says that Republican senators and President Trump's defense team are strategically bogging down the proceedings by... 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment' 
President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript Bolton's looking for another job. 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump ordered a "hit" -- an assassination, of a US Citizen who was doing a great job serving us as US ambassador to Ukraine. And good Lordy, there are tapes. Remember you swore to God to uphold the law! 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
🤖 Automated News 4 U 👍👍 Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law. 
Hey #Seniors and #DisabilityRecipients ... see what trump wants to do !!!!! CUTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY AND DISABILITY Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
James Carafano: Why Trump says give Middle East peace a chance 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' - 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Thank God we have a present doing the right thing and to hell with this group of hateful no good Democrats who want to stop or president from all the good he’s doing 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags 
Again and Again, with every foreign policy decision Trump makes, ask WHO BENEFITS? All roads lead to Putin. And the Republican Senate plays with fidget spinners.. 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
I think that great but be aware Democrats and leftists will start fires during display just to implicate Trump! Paul Batura: Trump revives Mount Rushmore's July 4 celebration — and the use of common sense 
@Oli_Beavers @RickPetree Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize This divisive bigot should not be allowed the privilege to live in United States or be a representative of USA values domestically or globally 🇺🇸 
#China spurned #CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus : US Health Secretary 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ War Monger Bolton is another idiot with the letter "L" on his forehead. 
Worth the watch. 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views Christian Evangelist Franklin Graham penned an open letter to the LGBTQ community in the United Kingdom after a stop was canceled for "incompatible" statements. bit.l… 
"[President Trump] was willing to use your tax dollars, he was willing to use the national defense, as just a bargaining chip to help him politically. I think that this is what's broken in Washington," Sen. Warren says. 
Pelosi Dems Criminal's First Agenda Ignores &amp; Insults Angel Moms &amp; Americans. FoxNews.com-1/25/20: Angel Mom: Dems won't fight for their fellow Americans because of their 'illegal criminal first agenda' #2cAngelMom #c2cVS #c2cPelosi #c2cMigrant #c2cMS13 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Note the first name... #WednesdayWisdom 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
⁦⁦CNN is allowing Don Lemon to use the same defense as a rapist who says he didn’t hear her say “No.” 
What is democratic socialism? For those that are still confused. 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid John Kelly was fired. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police: What a sick world we have created. 😢😭😢 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk Andrew Weissmann, legal analyst, remarks on whether Donald Trump's defense counsel could face any consequences for making factually false assertions in the course of the Senate... 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Call me crazy, but this house of cards may be crumbling before November 3rd, way before. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' HEY YOU PIECE OF SHIT LEMON COME TO MY FACE AND SAY SOMETHING THIS LESBIAN WILL NOT LET YOU SO YOU CHICKEN SHIT LOWLIFE DISGUSTING TRADORS 
Joe: Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight the Appcrush that envious trash! 
Corruption? San Francisco? Filthy? I’m shocked. The former state of California continues to fall. My once former home, which I loved, is not the same place 😔 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
@KatyTurNBC gets a giant #MediaShoutOut for this incredible interview. #YangGang #MATH 
Sen. Harris discusses her hopes for the impeachment trial with @NicolleDWallace: "If this is going to have any legitimacy, it will be a process by which we uncover, we discover, we discuss, we debate, what happened." 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote. Yes Folks, the LA Times Lied and Made Some More FAKE News. I just Knew this was Wrong. Wow! I guess this is The New Norm for Journalist These days!! 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Today on : Jan. 29, 2020 #news #breaking #fox 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump is mobsters 
So much winning. 
Stupid is as stupid does ,the same person that "you will bow down to trump" not that long ago. what she doesn't apparently grasp is that trump does GAF and knows precisely what he doing,he's been destroying people and things all his life! 
And the Democratic corruption continues. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
look at this shit: 
Neal Katyal: Trump trying to use executive privilege to hide from American people 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Sen Murphy nails it! T*'s legal team was continuing his Abuse of Power by directing his attys to continue trying to destroy his political opponent from the Senate floor. 
It was bewildering. Team Trump based the 1sr day of its opening argument on a series of “facts” that weren’t especially factual. An AP report took stock of most glaring “false assertions” from the president’s attorneys, &amp; there were more than a few. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Washington Post reinstates reporter, concludes Kobe Bryant tweets didn't violate social media policy That’s a win for the ones who want freedom of speech when it comes to social media and work organizations. 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion #SmartNews. IDIOTS!! 
#TrumpDefense Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call Perfect Call They wanted to impeach since our hero's glorious Down The escalator moment. 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block adding more than the already heard 15 impeachment witnesses. 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Psychiatrist: Trump's projection on Chairman Schiff is ‘primitive’ 
’s newest podcast, “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris, is about what it takes to win the nomination. 6 episodes. 6 themes that separate winners from losers. Listen to the first 2 episodes now and subscribe. #SYWBPRES 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@realDonaldTrump couldn't lie straight in bed 🙄. Liar, liar, stupid combover hair on fire. 
According to the judge, the WH knew. Did they and how does he know that? 
💥 Greg Craig, ex-Obama White House counsel, indicted for alleged false statements to MUELLER TEAM | 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought #DONews 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees THEY ARE SCREWING #BERNIE 
'Real people are getting hurt': House Dem on need for Ukraine aid 
Patrick Philbin rejects accusations that the White House tried to cover up Trump's call with Zelensky 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Keep yapping DJT, keep yapping! 
This just goes to show how "STUPID" #frump really is. Nothing is private in this world. Especially at a "PARTY" DUH! 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
'We have to do better': Florida paper rejects Trump reelection 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
"Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica" FOX NEWS 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
Massive crowd awaits Trump rally in blue-state beach town where congressman flipped to red 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering... 
#RIPMAMBA Thank you Kobe! Gianna “Gigi” Bryant, 13, a daughter of Kobe Bryant, was also killed in the helicopter crash in California, a Calabasas city official tells @NBCNews. A teammate of Gianna, the teammate’s parent and the pilot were also killed. 
Joe: Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Remembering Kobe Bryant: Rep. Maxine Waters calls for moment of silence in House HEY MAXINE HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU CALLED FOR A MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR A FALLEN LAW OFFICER OR MILITARY MEMBER KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Muslims need to shove their Sharia Law up where the sun does not shine! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad #ShesAPhony 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@FlyPartridge @niiokai01 @mallen2010 @ananavarro Yes involving a family member of a Federal employee. Even the democrats witnesses admitted it was a conflict.👇👇👇👇 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
President Trump hits media over 'partisan sham' 
The "Trump was only concerned with corruption" argument ran its course months ago, but since it's apparently making a comeback, it's probably worth reviewing why no one should take it seriously. 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
NEW: Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt. However, the Judge noted the court still "lacks sufficient info" to determine the appropriate amount of "permanent" child support "based off the defendant's income." 
It would be AWESOME if @realDonaldTrump would plan a rally in Indiana! 🤞🏼 @Chris_Talarico @mr_vaught_17 #KAG2020Landslide Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Prosecute/eliminate “official misconduct- government gang- ABUSE-MURDER-FRAUD-CRIME- INJUSTICE NETWORKS”.Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Climate change is a complete hoax. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@P0A_Triot23 I like how I just got my chops busted for the past 6 months 4 debating lmao And then I read this article 
1 Corinthians 5:9-13 New International Version (NIV) 9 I wrote to you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people— 10 not at all meaning the people of this world... 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues - 
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisease #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #Stoopid Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
White House eyes backward steps on anti-bribery laws 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
I'm taking a break from Infowars so check out instead #FishingForRobots #FreeCalifornia #Tunisia #GoGoCosplay #TrenRoca #Hockey #AmReading #Javascript @SSS_Retweets #Jobs #ImWithHer #Eventi #Anonymous @ShoutRTs #MachineLearning @FearRTs 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Hey @RepAdamSchiff how's your buddy #Igor Pasternak? 
'grappling' - is that like 'grabbing?' - "Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" - #CoverUp 
No thanks! He isn’t needed on earth anymore. White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Keep Circulating Traitors Of Party Vote With Dems 🤬⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ GodBlessU ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ AmericaStands w/U🙏🏻🇺🇸 
#ICYMI-@RepTerriSewell: GOP Senators can be loyal to either #Trump or the Constitution @amjoyshow 
Gotta love the ppl of #NJ. This shld bring chills to the #dimms who hv ruined this state w/their tax addiction! Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Bring on the Bidens and sheriff 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
It’s nice to see this as a headline. It still doesn’t make up for Fox cutting away from Trump’s brilliant defense team after broadcasting the Schiff show almost without interruption for days 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions #tcot 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate | 
Well, what did you expect? But what the Republicans fail to realize is that Trump may be the REASON for the trial, but it is the Republicans that ARE actually on trial. Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' still doesn’t get it #news 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant among 5 killed in helicopter crash in Los Angeles county 
I usually don't buy into Chris Matthews' compulsion to 'dialogue interuptus,' but his is a sturdy voice in our battle of #pissingofftRUMP...😎 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" Another campaign promise broken. 
AS WELL IT SHOULD :: "Andrew Weissmann, legal analyst, remarks on whether Donald Trump's defense counsel could face any consequences for making factually false assertions in the course of the Senate impeachment trial." 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@ashsoles @seanmdav 48% Dem; 42% Rep 10% "Independent 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. #FairTrialsHaveWitnesses Otherwise all you have is a #GOPCoverup! 
Give me a millenial contrast 2 this, tryna see something. 🤔 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare #CUTS On The Table. Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party | 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks analyse this 
WATCH: Sen. Michael Bennet: 'I don't see how Hunter Biden has anything relevant to share here' 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion DEMORATS STILL UP TO DIRTY TRICKS. DO NOT CALL WITNESSES, DEMS ARE TRYING TO RUN SENATE.@SenatorCollins@ @MittRomney@senatemajldr@LindseyGrahamSC @tedcruz 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt BRING IT ON ⁦NeverTrumpers @SenateGOP estab 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary The question is WHY? 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
"Prince Harry, Meghan Markle knew 'fairly early on' royal life 'just wasn’t working out,' Harvey Levin says" 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
WATCH: @mayawiley says Democratic impeachment managers are presenting evidence in a way that reminds senators and the public of all the facts, and how those facts paint a picture of "corrupt intent" by President Trump. 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Should play well in Florida. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
"Everyone knows there's not a person in that room who believes they can count on Donald Trump to do anything," @Lawrence says. "[Rep. Schiff] was saying something that everyone knows is true and he was using it as the reason ... why he has to be removed." 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president 
Barbara Boxer calls McConnell's impeachment rules proposal 'a disgrace' 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
#AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: #AmericanDream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' #AOCplus3 
@CosmeticallyMe They play the recording in this video. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Sen. John Cornyn says adding witnesses will ensure the Senate impeachment goes on 'forever and ever and ever' 
@baginski_lisa @Independent My bad, it's because the respondents were old and white. lolol Want to guess who Biden is not leading with? If he gets the nom, he'll get my vote, but he remains a deeeeply flawed candidate (just like Hillary was). 
Rep. Nunes: I'm not afraid of new witnesses, the facts will remain the facts Bring On All Witnesses Both sides..:”FAIR “Republican’s will request ....Whistleblower ,Adam Shifty Schiff and Hunter Biden ..... ! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
In the Obama era, Republicans were hair-on-fire obsessed deficits, budgets, and spending levels. Now, Donald Trump is asking wealthy donors at Mar-a-Lago, "Who the hell cares about the budget?" 
Facts: IF those documents could clear Trump WHY not turn them over? He (Trump is going to get impeached for obstruction even WITHOUT the documents!) A sitting president answers to Congress per OUR US CONSTITUTION!! 
I have been wondering how in the hell the Secret Service let someone get close enough to trump to record him on a cell. The damn phone was sitting on top of the table! I guess Trump kicked his security detail out so they couldn't be witnesses. 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
@Surabees @DonaldJTrumpJr MAGA WUSS BRIGADE. Biggest LIARS and COWARDS in the universe. 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Ex-#CNN pundit Steve Cortes: #DonLemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan #CNNisTrash 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. Get the votes or get the book transcript 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
#Australia scientists grow copy of #coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' #medicine 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Judge Bill Webster, the only person ever to serve as head of both the FBI and the CIA, tells Andrea Mitchell that Pres. Trump calling the FBI a broken agency could 'adversely affect the confidence of the American people.' 
Dirty moves. Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
From #TrumpFucksUkraine To #UkraineFucksTrump ? ( 
"Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.21.20" 
John Brennan: “Donald Trump is the most ignorant as well as incompetent individual who has ever held the office of the presidency. I worked for 6 presidents." #ImpeachAndRemoveTheStableGenius 
Grow some backbone Senators! At some point in time American's can expect to have a bad president. Obviously that time has come. At least seek out the... 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
#GOPCoverup Trump’s attempt to Cheat in 2020 Election There are Legal Limitations on “Executive Privilege”. Ifill: The Abuses and Excesses of the “Rule of Law” Lawrence: The next POTUS can release All Information , @Lawrence, @Sifill_LDF, @maddow 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Pushing back against Bolton, Trump is asking the public to trust his word, while simultaneously peddling easily discredited falsehoods. That's not a smart strategy. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been I AGREE..I HEARD THE SAME THING LONG AGO..A DISGUSTING SNAKE AND A POS.. 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | 
@keithboykin A noteable pattern. 
Las Vegas welcome sign to light up in purple and gold to honor Kobe Bryant, crash victims 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Meghan Markle 'never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,' source claims - 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify #GodHelpUSAplease 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump Those damn Democrats! I didnt even know John Bolton was a Dem... geez 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
.@HowardKurtz on the State Department retaliating against NPR, on the John Bolton 'bombshell' playing out and will he be testifying and jury selection beginning in the Michael Avenatti Vs. Nike trial. #MEDIABUZZMeter Click here to listen &amp; subscribe: 
@my_hall3 @MichelleLeighFr @Carmine432 @greta I didn't say majority supported removal. I said majority agree what he did was wrong. If half your country believes abuse of power is okey dokey, what does that say about half of you. 
Yeah..and??? The rest of the customers agree...cover up and quit looking for stupid reasons to get free money! #chickfila From Discover on Google 
Sheldon Whitehouse. There are a lot of Senators that are of questionable IQ or the ability to reason and use common sense. Hard to find one more pathetic than this one. Makes you wonder how anybody with half a brain could vote for such a moron. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Kirschner: McConnell attempting to bury impeachment hearing in 'dead of night' to hide unfairness 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Bernie getting hosed again !! Love those upstanding Demrats! ⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕ 
Did you see this? "Clean-energy supporters should support nuclear power." Totally agree! 
These “older than dirt” corrupt career politicians are going to ride this horse until they’re raw. Do you really think you’ll get away with it? #DrainTheSwamp #Trump2020 #MAGA #KAG #WWG1WGA Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
@MarlowNYC Why was there no mention of Dr. Michael Baden and the fact that he blew up the prosecution's case despite being their expert witness in your "article"? 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested San Francisco Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru was arrested Monday alongside Nick Bovis, the owner of a popular sports bar in Fisherman’s Wharf, Lefty O-Doul’s. Sources told 
TwatWaffle Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #TrumpRally 
Of course it is! If you don't think Bolton embellished or even added 'his facts' then you've never read a book!! Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Every year, US intelligence briefs Congress on the scope of our national security worldwide. The White House is trying to cancel the briefing, hide the intel and let Trump's latest worldwide lies roll out unchecked. 
@pushforward40 Update,NYT LIES !DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
@washingtonpost @MarshaBlackburn Pat Cipollone nailed the crux of the Democrats’ argument — they do not trust the American people to make their own choice. 
If you didn't see Adam Schiff's closing speech last night, you should. 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN As @realDonaldTrump continues his #BeBest bullying against those who exercise their constitutional right to disagree there are 34 soldiers dealing with TBI tonight. 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
In a statement Saturday, Sec. Pompeo does not dispute an NPR host's reporting about his actions in a post-interview lecture, but does challenge the host's character and journalistic integrity. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
🔥🔥 RETWEET 🔥🔥 Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ can you comment on this? Bernie rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
#QAnon Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Chris Matthews says Rep. Schiff is telling Republican senators, "Not only did he do this and you guys know he did it...He will keep doing it 'til the last dog dies - 'til January 20th, '21." 
You can take the terrorists out of the sandpit but you can’t make em be a human. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
I say give the girl a break. People have gotten away with MUCH worse. 🙄🙄🙄🙄Washington Post political reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets 
Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia | WHY DID THEY REALLY GO??? 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@SenTedCruz Chris hayes kinda blew your arguement out of the water 
Jimmy Carter: 'The White House is trying to stonewall' @nbcnews 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied Thats all schiff &amp; co has done for 4 days not producing 1 shred of evidence. They turned this trial into a 4 day hate crime &amp; need to answer for it 
Mind-blown with this ANCIENT mentally-ill narcissist! We ALL are not stupid 45. It’s almost sad.... ALMOST! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Bloomberg jumps to fourth place in new national poll 
Supreme Court likely to allow public funding for religious schools 
Man rescues freezing kittens stuck to ice by pouring coffee on them | 
✅ , MorningJoe (Sep): Numbers contradict President Trump's reason for withholding aid from Ukraine European institutions have funded $425.2M in gross overseas development assistance for Ukraine, while the U.S. has contributed $204.4M 
House managers on impeachment: 'Not about Donald Trump... It's about our Constitution' @nbcnews 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ stop the circus NOW! 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth Good thing the dog wasn’t facing the other way. 
"One of the most surprising things about the first week of Donald Trump’s impeachment trial was the frequency with which Senate Republicans wanted to talk about their feelings being hurt." 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Am I the only person wondering if this ‘coronavirus’ is actually biological weapon development gone bad? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Study determines each state's most searched snack ahead of the Super Bowl" FOX NEWS 
Italian driver evades flaming cars in botched highway robbery attempt 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Sen. Klobuchar responds to Sen. Kennedy saying senators didn't read transcripts of the House impeachment hearings: "I think people have been thoughtfully listening ... Not only are they listening, but what are they hearing and are they going to act on it?" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Waaaaaay too late.... Apology REJECTED..... Garbage @CNN ‼️ 👇 Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"GOP Senators may vote to acquit, but there is something truly cleansing to the national conscience to see Adam Schiff walk into their chamber and shove a full dose of truth down their throats before they do," fmr. Rep. David Jolly wrote on Twitter. 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Lemon you are doing so well Number 26 in the ratings 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
🔵changes to ➡️🔴‼️ Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' @VanDrewForNJ #TrumpRallyWildwood #O3T Rescue = Operation 3rd-trimester Rescue 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump If this is true it’s a huge win fir America. Americans deserve the whole truth. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Parnas lawyer asks for Barr's recusal 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede Love West Virginia and this is a truly mindful idea. It’s a gorgeous state. However, WV needs to vote out joe Manchin first. Joe now votes party instead of WV. 
If you love football and you love women, you've got to love this lady. I hope she gets her chance. It 49ers assistant Katie Sowers believes head coaching job is in the cards 
Norfolk News Brad Pitt wore a name tag to Oscars luncheon, sending social media into a frenzy - 
Listening to 'Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown' 
FULL #LevParnasAudio 83 minutes. Will comment later The other links don't work. If you use Google .@ChromiumDev its sound doesn't work. Use either Firefox or DuckDuckGo, in Android. I didn't yet test PC Windows or Linux; I don't own Apple products 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries - INVESTIGATION REQUIRED ASAP. 
This is stupid. So stupid. Flying to a foreign country has inherent dangers - one of them is that a deadly virus could break out while you're there and...you can't come home until it's under control. Period. smh 
Kobe Bryant to be honored during Oscars Kobe Bryant will be honored at the Academy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 9. FOX NEWS FOX NEWS: Kobe Bryant to be honored during Oscars 
Mississippi inmate becomes ninth from troubled prison to have died in January - @GoogleNews 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO 
BREAKING: US President Donald Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Jesse Watters praises Trump attorney Bondi's 'meticulous' Hunter Biden argument: 'It doesn't look good for Joe' 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Tell me again about equality and women’s rights. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
Because they know that any truthful testimony and evidence from Bolton would very likely blow the case wide open Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
"GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns" 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just...: I'm glad to see Pompeo sit down for interviews with outlets outside the conservative media bubble, but these interviews don't seem to go well for him. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
@DougFriedenberg @drvox The video Jack Kingston getting taking down ... for lying on national television 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
ICYMI►NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Except that leaders of Pseudo-Palestine are neither fair nor just. | Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Dear @maddow Please stop misleading headlines like this! We *paid into* Social Security. Unless we get a refund, w/compound interest, this would be STEALING. In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
What's Eating America with Andrew Zimmern: 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan...SO A THOUSAND MOAB'S WOULD BE BETTER🎯🎯🎯 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
"Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial" 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious @realDonaldTrump 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
@phoenixYangGang Washington Post is biased as all hell, as a yang gang supporter I hoped you knew that! But it's okay haha. Anyway, here is the tweet from what actually happened, it was just taken out of context. 
"Brad Pitt wore a name tag to Oscars luncheon, sending social media into a frenzy" FOX NEWS 
The Trump campaign is dispatching multiple cabinet secretaries to Iowa. When the Bush/Cheney team did something very similar 15 years ago, it was considered illegal under federal ethics laws. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight WE ARE GOING TO GIVE THE HOUSE BACK TO THE GOP IN 2020! 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
@rep_stevewomack how can you support this level of fiscal responsibility? 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Just look at that cult..I never knew cult gatherings attracted so many at once..it’s not even scheduled for some time yet..I hope the don’t commit suicide like heaven ps gate did. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
#CrookedLyingRacist Comrade @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse making a 'full court press to discredit' @AmbJohnBolton.... 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
In #FletcherFellow @adamgoodman3's latest op-ed for , meet the six GOP Senators who hold all the cards in the #Trump #impeachment trial and find out how Goodman thinks their votes will all play out. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 😡😡😡😡😡 
Senate GOP confident effort to shut down calls for witnesses, evidence will be 'victorious' 
When I #GoogleBernie, I see that he's leading nationally among non-White voters 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | 
This peice of shit sissy boy Bone Spurs Cretin 😡🖕 
@KobbeMalak Your tweet made FOX again: 
Collins and the entire @GOP need to be put on notice we will vote them out if they continue to enable a dictator as POTUS. #FairTrialsHaveWitness @MittRomney @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer. Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Download the first two episodes of "So You Wanna Be President?" now! 6 episodes. 6 themes that separate the winners from the losers. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
No wonder the city looks like shit. Way to go @TeamPelosi 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial /r/politics 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | Video 
Super Bowl LIV is one of many major events that heighten sex trafficking awareness 
I ask you, @MarshaBlackburn @RepChuck, how after hearing this that you cannot impeach this 'man'? Please, tell me. #Frauds @Tennessean @TimesFreePress 
sure, Jeff, er...Mitt Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
always making headlines "Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK" #coyw 
America's top 5 deadliest cities | 
@RepMikeJohnson @realDonaldTrump Litigate this: 
Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff 
New York Times Editorial Board breaks with convention and endorses two candidates 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | #Bernie gonna get screwed over again! 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
President Trump takes to Twitter on Monday morning to dispute details in John Bolton's bombshell new book, asserting that he never linked investigations of Democrats to Ukraine aid. 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him 
Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy  | 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Dear @SenatorRomney @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski and any other worthless spineless RINO ** THIS ** is whats happening in ** NEW JERSEY ** 👇 -- americans love trump - dont fuck this up -- 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
@MarshaBlackburn Seems a lot of mere citizens want witnesses. 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment Hate Caputo 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Don Lemooooon's so-called apology last night started with, "ask anyone who knows me, they'll tell you, I don't believe in belittling people". What a Gigantic untruth! That's all he &amp; guests do for an hour each night! 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews WTF ⁦@SenSusanCollins⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ you have freaking got to be kidding me!! #VoteThemOut2020 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | Democrats only wish they could harness this much support 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
This needs to be followed closely. Trump and his campaign completely ignoring the law. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Earth's most biodiverse ecosystems face 'collapse,' new study claims 
#DonaldTheImpeached's budget plans have proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to #SocialSecurity. Those proposals were ignored by lawmakers, but there’s an obvious discrepancy between trying to slash a program and leaving it alone. 👇🏽 
Judge Jeanine Pirro: 'The only people acting like dictators are Pelosi and company' So Get Over Yourself ##TimeToAcquit 
China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon 
Funny, everybody knows hairy joe Biden dose not have what it takes, he's really out of touch. KAG🤣 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs “The Ukraine scandal is obviously already serious, but if Trump or members of his team directed the intelligence community to hide materials from Congress, the controversy may yet intensify.” 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@SadieTNResist @realdonaldchkn January 20, 2020: As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' We will all end up paupers and our children and grandchildren will have no future. They want us begging them for our very existence. Vote them all out. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@jontester Here's our segment with Sen. Tester: 
If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound? “There's an awkward question... If compelling evidence falls in a GOP-led Senate, and Republicans don't want to consider it, does it really make a sound? The answer is, maybe.” @ 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
US environmental reporter jailed in Indonesia over visa regulations 
Progress? Letting woman punish woman now? :( Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Very informative and puts things in perspective. 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Yo I'm on hiatus from Infowars so please yell at for the duration also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #MachineLearning #Economist #PHP #FreeCalifornia #AmReading @DripRT #Ethics @SympathyRTs #Python #DesignSprint #Javascript 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything. 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
John Bolton's team says copies of his book appear to have been made following delivery of the book to White House for a national security review. @carolelee: "They really want to distance themselves from the idea that he is somehow behind leaking this." 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@adamseconomics 🤔Silicon Valley endorses China's approach as it scrambles to promote establishment misinformation about the #coronavirus by escalating its ongoing war against #FreedomOfSpeech!!! 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Bolton slams Dumbshit Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
So when nobody shows up to Milwaukee w/o needed # of delegates to win nomination, does this mean DNC defaults to their chosen candidate, Crooked Hillary? 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
What Trump has really proved is how many ignorant and unread citizens we have. 
Brooklyn woman charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic Hanukkah attacks 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Schumer claims Republicans are trying to distract from a vote on witnesses 
#RiggedTrial #MidnightMoscowMitch Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses @SenSusanCollins 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump’s legal team is ‘weak tea’ 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage #metoo 
Is this funny, Don? @KTHopkins @donlemon 
This week, Donald Trump abandoned his 2016 rhetoric and put possible Social Security and Medicare cuts on the table. Yesterday, he tried to clean up the mess - but it didn't go especially well. 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador #foxandfriends #foxnews #tcot #tlot #GOP 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution if this alleged molester is breaking down? It is probably fairly bad. REAL BAD. #willowbrook #weRemember #meToo you’re gross mate 
"That line usually comes out of the mouths of gangsters or mobsters or gang members," Rep. Demings says about "take her out" line heard in audio of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 👍👍👍👍 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Don, that’s all you ever do on your show is belittle and condescend, please stop now 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize well her #real #name is #monica &amp; she was #married to #epstein who #btw is #alive 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Kobe Bryant dead: Teens post disturbing TikTok video that appears to mimic late NBA legend #SmartNews 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" Take HIM out—by any means possible! 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
@brianstelter has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
@USSenate @U.S.House - REPUGNANT GOPERS WANT TO CUT SOCIAL SECURITY WHY DON'T U CUT UR LAVISH PENSIONS AT THE EXPENSE OF THE TAXPAYERS? KEEP YOUR CORRUPT DIRTY HANDS OFF OUR SOCIAL SECURITY. WE PAID FOR IT ALL OUR WORKING LIVES. 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators are entertaining themselves during the trial 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot - @GoogleNews 
Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj gets 25 years to life in prison for child rape 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor - - 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Netanyahu withdraws request for immunity on corruption charges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu withdrew his request for immunity from prosecution on Tuesday, hours before parliamentary proceedings on the subject were set to begin. bit.l… 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 🚨 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Devin Nunes: National Security Council should be 'quarantined' to Virginia 
The Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with the outbreak response. What is China hiding? #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak #WuhanFlu 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Family attorney for toddler who died from Royal Caribbean fall says ship was 'not compliant' with 'industry standard' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Klobuchar responds to reports that senators have been caught sleeping during President Trump's impeachment trial: "I just don’t know why they would have this job and come here if they’re not going to protect the Constitution." 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump - NBC News @nuzzel thanks @11thHour 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Democratic leadership!California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
"Which of the candidates would stop their car and get out and help you? Ask yourself that question and you've got your candidate." @HardballChris sizes up the 2020 Democratic presidential field ahead of the Iowa caucus. 
This is a stupid idea 
@HerbertHaverca1 @BlackRoses_888 You say "paid off," but it was still a legal, civil suit, not some shady, under the table deal. That's the problem I have. It's not denial, just a problem with your wording. 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one | January 28, 2020 #news 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing his plans to cut Social Security The Republicans do plan to cut your Social Security, Medicare. @realDonaldTrump @gop @MissouriGOP #moleg 
Virginia Would Just Be Government Dependent #DeepState Arlington &amp; Fairfax Counties @realDonaldTrump @cecki @tbrown83096079 @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @BlueBonnet_TR @pegalomania #KAG #KAG2020 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters The American people do not need television personalities like these. Just disgusting. 
It's scary that our president is trying to legitimize bribery! Trump is the most openly corrupt president this country has ever had. Watch: 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
WWE’s Edge returns to wrestling ring after 2011 retirement It's crazy what medical technology can do these days! Genuinely never thought we'd see Edge wrestle again! #S20mcj2031/28 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Trump has been corrupt all of his life and thought that he could get rid of the Foreign Anti Corruption Act by an Executive Order. He thinks he's King and can bypass Congress for anything he wants to do!😳🤮🤬 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
I guess the doughnut shops were all closed: Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Do surgical masks protect against coronavirus? 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
JBE’s polling team is the best in the business. Here’s something from ⁦@ZacMcCrary⁩ from 2019: Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in Louisiana #lagov #lalege #cjreform 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Joe Biden says that Sen. Sanders' attacks on his Social Security record are out of context, and @WillieGeist asks Biden if he will cut Social Security benefits if he becomes president? Biden: "No, no, no, no." 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 - 
Trump legal team finishes opening arguments, uses Democrats' own words against them #AAG #AAG2020 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
If roles were rev Progressive media wld call this blatant racism “Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa” 
@PhilaPhilosophy @N2meseeClearly @PostGuild Actually, she told friends she wanted to sue Kobe to pay for breast implants &amp; buy a koala bear. The report also states, her former boyfriend refused to provide DNA to compare evidence found on her body and clothing, which DID NOT match Kobe's. 
Bernie Sanders calls into his own Iowa rally on the way back from impeachment trial 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@JackPosobiec @TrinaAltadonna Didn’t he molest a young man? He is trying to bring up another scandal instead of the scandal of molesting men. 
@realDonaldTrump @SenatorLankford @GOP @SenateGOP @TheDemocrats @cnnbrk @cnni @foxnewsalert @foxnation YES THE NEW AUDIO TAPE OF THE POTUS IS IRRELEVANT AS WE ARE IGNORING THE TRUTH AND AMERICAN VALUES ANYWAYS! GOP HAD BECOME A JOKE &amp; PATHETIC 2020👎👎 
@tonyschwartz The pig is losing his lipstick... 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll 
"Thursday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.23.20" 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid Two disgruntled fired employees agree...🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣yea that makes it so. NOT! 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
This 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
@LindseyGrahamSC listen to the people. 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Fox hosts share what keeps them going through grueling campaign season: 'It doesn't matter if your candidate wins or loses' 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
This is really funny you should watch. Only if you are smart, stupid &amp; self-defeated people will not appreciate this. @JoeNBC @morningmika 
@IvankaTrump We all think he is dumb. 
@MikieSnaxx @CigarVolanteLLC @cspanwj Literally, everyone knows, how do you not? QAnon strikes again! 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strikers are #careless . The Pentagon said 11 service members required medical treatment outside Iraq. U.S. military officials declined to say how many more are receiving care but said “additional” personnel.” 
No Free Thinkers in GOP ... Schumer Warns of Trump, McConnell Power Over Republicans ... 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' . SUNDAY SCHUMER, IS THE LOWEST OF THE LOW. HE &amp;SHIFTY SCHIFF &amp; former fatboy NADLERare a disgrace to the Jewish people, 
The US sent nearly $1.5b in aid to Jordan in 2019. Time for that aid to come to an end ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@SenatorRomney @MittRomney We need #WitnessesAndDocuments if the truth is to be known. 
Knew it.... Smh 🤦🏼‍♂️ 👇 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
.@MaddowBlog: By seeking facts, Sen. Romney accused of trying to ‘appease the left.' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Asked on @Morning_Joe about his late son, Beau, Joe Biden appears to fight back tears: "Beau should be the one running for president, not me." "He walks with me. I know that sounds to some people kind of silly." 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
Another brave woman sharing her story: Thank you @GerriWillisFBN for sharing your story about #HPV and cervical pre-cancer. #CervicalScreening #CCAM 
There will celebrations worldwide when Trump is impeached 
🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈 The #LBGTQ community are thinking they can make Britain their own safe space LMBO Talk about living in la la land. Don't they have any insight ? Can't they see where this is going ? There will be blowback ! 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify ⭐️ I agree with Levin, as always! 
Just do yourself a great healthy favor, and one for the planet, and eat the dang bacon! And steak, and chicken, and eggs and ... well, just say #yes2meat !! Vegetarian food company develops nicotine-like 'meat patch' to help curb cravings 
I kid you not. 😂 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Send body bags ? 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party | 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
"Trump insists there was 'an attempted overthrow' of US government" Please don't let them do that ! The free world rely on you to deliver them from the evil Islam and the LGBTQ 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@thehill @Jim_Jordan They say we are the average of the 5 people we surround ourselves with. 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
@realDonaldTrump, you opened your big fat yap and revealed your actual intent. Trying to deflect blame back on the Democratic Party after the fact is just sad. You're #incompetent and Americans can see that. #FuckTrump #CorruptGOP #SaveSocialSecurity 
@feliciasonmez does this mean anything??? Or this article??? You're a JOURNALIST! Have you ever even decided to look into WHY the case was dismissed??? 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
"Harvey Levin dishes on what he learned while filming TMZ’s special ‘Harry &amp; Meghan: Royals in Crisis’" 
Long interview with msnbc. On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just... | January 24, 2020 #news 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. Liberals &amp; feminist who defend Sharia Law - in the world’s most populated Muslim country, you’re flogged for being gay, gambling, &amp; sleeping around. #BanSharia 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #SmartNews 
: Magnitude 7.7 #earthquake strikes between #Cuba, #Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
running a poll about gun rights on their site, knowing full well conservatives don't visit so it'll be skewed to the left! 😅 
The sad fact is, he's right. Bolton's answer to everything began with the military. Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
@adamshermanesq Oh good grief are we just gonna recycle old GOP talking points NEXT: WE DEMAND TO SEE TRUMP'S BIRTH CERTIFICATE 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
@qedigiv @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford Released in March 
We agree, Remove Adam Schiff from office! 
: Jessica Simpson admits she always had alcohol cup 'filled to the rim' with her before sobriety. @GoogleNews 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize #AAG #AAG2020 
Please revoke their licenses 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 🇺🇸CAN YOU SAY LANDSLIDE IN 2020?? PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE ONLY ONE WHO HAS BEEN ABLE TO GET THINGS ACCOMPLISHED IN WASHINGTON OUT OF THE LAST 4 ELECTED TO OFFICE🇺🇸 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Rep. Zoe Lofgren on the new Bolton revelations: 'A game changer' 
@DonaldJTrumpJr Survey says: get out (and take your family with you). 
Extremely partisan Republicans ignore substantial majority of Americans: Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
#MorningGlory A female flogging unit has been introduced in Indonesia’s Aceh province to dole out public whippings against women found violating the region’s Sharia law. 
@Notthenineoclo2 @Hoosiers1986 @RepAdamSchiff @realDonaldTrump Because he was REPAYING money he stole. 
@LichenCraig @HowleyReporter @StevePieczenik . Bolton is a liar. DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders. The DOJ said it did not review the manuscript... 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
.@MaddowBlog: In reversal, Pres. Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table. 
Senator Romney, do the right thing! Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
@realDonaldTrump President Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." @NicolleDWallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Buttigieg: 'This election process is about what happens after Donald Trump' 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
@RepMikeJohnson BUSTED 
.@GeoffRBennett says the White House is "not ruling out" bringing forward a motion to dismiss during the impeachment trial. 
Kobe Bryant's legendary basketball career in photos 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Catalina Lauf takes aim at AOC with 'Latina by heart, American first' congressional run 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Usually when one is suspended,one doesn't publicly DEMAND anything of the person who suspended you. Why? Well, normal people have a sense of SHAME and they have a sense of SELF-PRESERVATION so they DON'T WANT TO FURTHER PISS-OFF THE GUY WHO COULD FIRE YOU. 
GOP senator on Trump: 'We knew what we were getting' 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters This one must have brown eyes, because it’s so full of 💩. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@BSteve515 @crummyworld @MikeRJohnson777 @putinsgay @CanuckCognizant @jasonbaum @BigTinyBird @Infantry0300 @cm_merlin @jasondmic @GoBigSteve1 @HoodlumRIP @WilliamFPeters2 @RobertCooper58 @jim1036 @Defeat_Trump2 @DearAuntCrabby @airbagmoments @talks2you1 @nicole_bertrand @SoyBoyManBun @Doh_Doh_Burrd @Bill_Maxwell_ @geoff9cow @Tam_Resist @Lcars24 @ProudResister @cms36 @BobbyCr48838634 @BeaudoinCharlie @billyjack2016 @PuestoLoco @funder @Arriadna @psychmd1 @mon_coeur_gay @DougDooganuchi @DesignationSix @BrienneOfSnark_ @BrianKarem @cecekat60 @DrGJackBrown @QuareFellas @joe_kidder2 @lLadyBing @McFaul @mog7546 @jake_snowflake @robert_veres Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Mr. President I'm so happy you fight back! Your fighting is what your supporters love about you the most, next the love you show for your Family &amp; Friends &amp; Supporters! Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
#Clinton. Running the show. Again. #VoterFraud #HereWeGo Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Justin Bieber admits he questioned if he could 'be faithful' to Hailey Baldwin before marriage proposal 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial ‘if they’re not gonna protect the Constitution’ 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Angus King on Dumbshit Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
"Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law" FOX NEWS 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
@glprater @LindseyGrahamSC @seanhannity It’s air tight. If there was any exculpatory evidence why didn’t Trump allow any testimony or documents. Why won’t he allow witnesses at the trial? Why won’t he testify? Because he’s guilty 
@betty_forsen @McquoidEvander @BigRoadside @Oceanspritepixi @MarshaBlackburn @gcamp4 Here you go: God forbid a Trump supporter ever educates him/herself. There's a whole internet of information available to you, it's just a 10 second Google search away. 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
😎Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
U.S. defense official says the United States has recovered the remains of two American service members killed in the crash of an Air Force plane in Afghanistan. Heaven just received two special Angels. May God comfort your loved ones. #GodBlessOurMilitary 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' Switch to REPUBLICAN 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT EVERY MORON WOULD SAY.. HE MIGHT BE CONFUSED HE IS THE BIGHEST MORON IN THE UNIVERSE 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
#Trump says he'll cut Medicare, Medicaid &amp; SSi if reelected. 
@SenToomey If you want to call Hunter Biden to testify call him coward, the GOP is in control. 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Lara Trump says poll with high ratings for economy will be hard for Dems to run against 
@CNN @donlemon is a #hack......... Have a nice day Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
May this legend have a pleasant journey #NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
#China spurned #CDC offer to send team to #help contain c#oronavirus: US Health Secretary 
The Republican defense to “take her out” would likely be that trump was referring to a date and for some reason the remainder of the sentence, “to dinner” somehow didn’t get recorded 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump start to listen at 39 minute mark to 43 minutes 
@davidthadudde @JDCDale @Charislovesxo I think he’s talking about this story, but there’s more than one friend that was going to speak out against her. 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
#DemocratsAreCorrupt San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" #ImpeachedForever #Impeach45 #ImpeachAndRemove 
the harm of leaving #democrats and their twisted pursuit to rectify 2016 could be irreparable too #justsaying the term "build a bridge" couldn't be more valid right now 
WATCH: Bolton continues to complicate Senate witness question 
Auschwitz survivors gather to mark 75th anniversary of liberation 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse says Alan Dershowitz's impeachment argument was embarrassing | Wow! I thought @AlanDersh was brilliant! Whitehouse should wish he was as intelligent as #Dershowitz 
House Judiciary Cmte. Chairman Nadler says he will miss a day of President Trump's impeachment trial because of his wife's treatment for pancreatic cancer. 
msnbcTV It is sad, that we have had 3 years of trump gotcha moments which would have sent any President packing. Our impeachment process is deeply flawed.. We need a disinterested party running this show. 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
@amjoyshow @Holmey1 is last night’s program of #AMJoy as #PMJoy on a podcast, ? It was classic, should be taught in hosting school- need more than this clip please Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Cruise lines continue to cancel departures from China amid coronavirus outbreak 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant | 
@MP_Spears @Tam_Resist @joncoopertweets @debidiamonds @washingtonpost @SurfsUpBodhi @LindseyGrahamSC @DesignationSix @HouseJudiciary @SuMoh7 @Judgenap @TeamCavuto @reallyDonB @MollyJongFast @gtconway3d @MrJonCryer @HamillHimself @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @GOP @rgoodlaw @DrGJackBrown @GOPLeader @GOPChairwoman @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GovBillWeld @JoeBiden @JoeNBC @sfpelosi @DougDooganuchi @HowardA_Esq @robreiner @BryanDawsonUSA @brycetache @TheDemocrats @Red_eyedjedi @ColMorrisDavis @NatashaBertrand @Bill_Maxwell_ @MittRomney @RepAdamSchiff @RobertCooper58 @RepTedLieu @RepSwalwell @GenMhayden @GeorgeTakei @chrislhayes @psychdr100 Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet | Video 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
Eliminate “official misconduct- government gang- unjust practices- abuse-MURDER-FRAUD-CRIME- INJUSTICE NETWORKS”. Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal | 
Harris: Giuliani’s involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit Junior Obamas! Boy, did they ever make a pact with the devil himself! 
Then it would be the best the decision to ban flight from China. Soon this #WuhanVirus will be the #ChinaVirus. I will be writing a letter to @DHSgov, @HHSGov, and the @WhiteHouse requesting to ban flights from China. Until then, plz consider it. 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
@JRubinBlogger He’s praying they call him but won’t go voluntarily if they do? Try again. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Rosenberg: The cure for 'hearsay evidence' is to allow testimony and documents - will GOP do that? 
So what???? 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede is Virginia really as backward and evangelical as west va? I thought Va. had finally gotten educated and sophisticated. 
Senate Dem Van Hollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report This is anothe demoratic setup! #DismissTheCharges ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
Well Don, I don't know anyone in my life who has been accused of groping another man in pubic &amp; has law suit for it, nor do I want to know someone like that. It's just a normal day for you, so of course being normal seems weird to you 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan “Start” ?? What? #lemon a start? LoL now that’s funny 😄! 
Everyone is making #coffee wrong, study suggests 
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenTedCruz Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
@realDonaldTrump Looks like you got caught in another lie and there's no way you can say it's not you great job Lev Parnis !!!!! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the #ChiefJustice of the Supreme Court and lied ! #MidnightMoscowMitch #MidnightMitch #MocowMitch #PutinsPuppet 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Buttigieg: The issues I discuss can't wait another four years 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Someone should tell ⁦@ that in most states you can already carry a gun in public, and the others with a CCW Permit. Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public?⁩ 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020...: Ahead of the 2016 cycle, Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 cycle, his position is fundamentally different 
What the Trump administration is doing to help the NYC homeless crisis 
Claire McCaskill: GOP ‘twisting’ impeachment process ‘beyond recognition’ 
'Not just headaches: 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries': ' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Repeat of 2016 . Good news for POTUS 
And #WeThePeople want Nadler expunged from the face of the earth Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
China's women's Olympic soccer team quarantined in Australia | 
@SenatorRomney indicated Saturday that he is "likely" to vote to call witnesses in #TrumpsImpeachment trial, but would not commit to doing so yet. @SteveKornacki breaks down the number of @SenateGOP who could potentially vote for #WitnessesAndDoucuments 
@OCpatriot123 @estoyycansadaa @HipstrLmbrJck @ewarren 13- The donation was done through the Trump Foundation. The Trump Foundation was investigated over a number of issues ( and recently dissolved following an investigation led by the New York Attorney General. ( 
@BobRmhenry1 Sh*tty day for Democrats. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Holocaust Remembrance Day: Few Americans know the death toll, poll finds | 
Tlaibs attitude and philosophy won't change. She won't apologize. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump VERY VERY FUNNY, Joe! Good one! This will get you laughing hysterically about Trump’s defense yesterday!! #impeachment 
Trump is CAUGHT asking about the importance of the aid to Ukraine and its fight against Russia back in April.. #ConvictAndRemoveTrump 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan @cnn #TalkShowHost @donlemon was never a journalist, just a second rate TV Hack 
"Winona Ryder visits birthplace of Winona, Minn., in Squarespace ad for Sunday's game" FOX NEWS 
Despite being a #TrumpIsGuilty advocate, I have some empathy with his defence team, trying valiantly to distort the evidence, the law, &amp; the process, meanwhile seeing their client on TV repeatedly broadcasting his guilt, giving details of the crime. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' Ignorant? Whenever we well informed Trump supporters debate issues, libs can not make a coherent response and just resort to insults. 
Lincoln Chafee on his decision to run for president as a Libertarian: 'Major parties have let us down' Him a Libertarian? Yeah and I’m Superman 
State%20Dept.%20releases%20docs%20that%20show%20how%20Giuliani%27s%20smear%20campaign%20vs.%20Yovanovitch%20reached%20Pompeo 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" THIS WOULD SURPRISE ANYONE WHY ???? TRUMP HAS BEEN OFF THE RAILS FOR THE LAST 3 + YEARS 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich ((( “ Corrupt, 30 / 40 / 50Year Political HACKS ... 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@jwags2277 @SomeBitchIKnow @ABC He wasn't "investigating" anything. He was attempting to set up a false investigation Lutsenko. When Zelensky became Pres he fire Lutsenko which thru a wrench in Giuliani's plan. Listen to Les Parnas interview. Les was Giuliani's right hand man: 
Top 5 deadliest cities in America. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change BUDEN IS AN IDIOT. NO CLASS. 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
On calls for more witnesses, Senator Chuck Schumer says, "A majority of Republicans, close to 60% of Republicans, think witnesses and documents are fair." 
U.S. Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell says he does not have the votes to block witnesses at the impeachment trial. 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
CNN, Girly Man Don Lemon, panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' #DonLemon ~ 
@TheView Hey @MeghanMcCain what about Ari Melber's view on Ken Starr? 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
Savages. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@TheRickWilson very sorry...THIS is the right link: 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
#SocialistDem @ChrisEvans, John Krasinski in hilarious Hyundai commercial for Sunday's game . Never buy anything associated with #SocialistDem @ChrisEvans. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #muy7t5rfgy5rfy5redfewswdefrtgyhj 
I never met the man. I wouldn't know him if i saw him, i might have take a picture with him, i donno i take pictures with thousands of people, im sure he's a nice man, i hear he's in a little trouble.... 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote Watch out ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ they are turning on you now!!! HA HA HA 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
This Bolton bombshell has a remnant of that ‘Affluenza Fort Worth Teen" who killed 4 while driving drunk. Will Trump Be Freed By The Senate as the Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's Impeachment Trial Defense! 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been | 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
@RealDonaldTrump While the corrupt House Democrats are pushing impeachment, you are the only World Leader floating a peace plan for the Middle East Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
For more on 1 see: and more on 2 see: 
: Supreme Court allows Trump administration to enforce ‘public charge’ immigration restriction. @GoogleNews 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle knew 'fairly early on' royal life 'just wasn’t working out,' Harvey Levin says 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
NTSB officials investigate cause of helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
@sethweathers @seanmdav How so? The Poll is conducted under the joint direction of Beacon Research (D) (formerlyknown as Anderson Robbins Research) and Shaw &amp; Company Research (R).Fieldwork conducted by Braun Research, Inc. of Princeton, NJ. 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
Piggly Wigley Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Ab so damn lute ly! 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that | 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Prosecutors ding Prince Andrew for not helping feds in Epstein case 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet GREAT video - message at the end is test, test, and keep testing to ensure your systems work and keep you safe! ⁦⁦@qactesters⁩ 
Vote Adam Schiff out of office!! 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing CNN she wake up get rid of these clowns and bring the ratings back. 
I bet you don't. Can't expose the real colluders 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight .. he’s the man ! 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Can't they just grow a spine and do SOMETHING!? 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party | 
@SenAngusKing Thanks for your thoughtful statement. Remember tho', when you say the thought among @GOPSenate is to wait, that this trial is also about FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN OUR ELECTION! We want a FAIR election, truly decided by us! #RemoveTrumpNow 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@thehill @PeteButtigieg Not so much happy happy in Mayor Pete's fakey fakey land. Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
"Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened.”- Sen. King! Republicans have to act or let Trump continues cheating in the election 2020! 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial | 
Wait ...what reputation? Most people don't even know who you are #TulsiGabbard 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
@MayaWiley says Republicans "have placed the Constitution itself on trial" by arguing that use of government power "against a political opponent, who is an American citizen, is not impeachable." 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Full recording of Lev Parnas' alleged 2018 conversation with Trump 
If you missed us this morning at 5am, @CevallosLaw&amp; I had a great conversation with @yasminv&amp; @AymanM about strategy &amp; law surrounding impeachment. 
Must be the rubes they were talking about on CNN 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate Lets all help Rep. Collins win for the Senate! 
The @gop simply doesn’t care. @realDonaldTrump is a monster. 
@ScottPresler Have you seen this? What are your thoughts? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
@cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Only witness we need. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Kamala Harris slams Trump, calls him 'a criminal in the White House' ⁦@foxnation⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #LowlifePOSTrump 
@SelfieJustme @Marqus_helsing @TurfingPoint @bitcrusherrr @PoliticalKathy @JCAP201 I have seen this womans article elsewhere, I can't find them except here. 
Docs: Kobe Accuser Discussed Award Money | 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
This is absolutely hilarious 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump The @GOP rejected the election-security bill three times last year 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Yay 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table After blowing up the National debt by billions the clown now wants to rob Peter to pay Paul? This is the #KissOfDeath for Donald John Trumps re-election. He’s cooked. Seniors vote! 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Explain the argument against this! Then go live on an island with these people! Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets thrown in jail by FBI for public corruption Mohammed Nuru, Who would have thought. We are tired of this shit, beyond tired. DEMOCRATS are destroying the United States. #QAnon — 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight This is what the Democrats, CNN and MSNBC don’t get. 
Sen. Stabenow: “John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate” 
This is more serious than I thought ~ Angus King on Trump impeachment / 
Basically the entire problem. 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Trump isn't just a lying sack of shit... Trump is a lying sack of CHICKEN SHIT!!! "Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
"Azar said the Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with the outbreak response. The offer was first made on Jan. 6" The #CCP is not afraid of the help but leaking the state secret-infection data. 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
Not an apology. It was a true look at what the. Democrats think of us... Trump supporters. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Many Republicans have settled on an assertion that can't easily be debunked: they no longer care whether Trump is guilty. 
@seanhannity Bruh? Really? 
Thursday's Mini-Report, 1.23.20 
Another broken promise. In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts — including Medicare — on the table 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
.@GarrettHaake describes the dynamic in the Senate chamber: "Note takers duly note taking ... On the Republican side, we did see more people leaving the chamber for breaks, going into the cloak room, essentially breaking the rules." 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' ⁦@TulsiGabbard⁩ was not invited to join in @DNC reindeer games. That’s a pretty obvious snub, Tulsi. You are very much like them after all.🧐 
Income inequality growing despite strong economy 
BS!!!! End this crap now!! 
"Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second'" FOX NEWS 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@WildPony12 @stopvile @daveeno27 @prodoctor @LCSeward @GOP When John Bolton testifies and says that it was a quid pro quo, will you believe him? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
REGARDLESS, BRING IT TO VOTE SO WE THE PEOPLE KNOW WHO TO VOTE OUT IN 2020! ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ⁦@ewarren Take note...this is called winning..this is real America.. ⁦@POTUS⁩ #Trump2020 #winning Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. I know of Bovis. He is stone walking dirt. This doesn't surprise me. In fact considering the area. It is actually expected !! 
# Hey Bret sound's like your sad Trump has won ... Here lately you really suck and have been a Fox viewer for year's and almost ready full time for ONAN ... 
China virus toll rises to nine as pandemic fears grow 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Thank you for speaking out. Brennan has no fear. Bravo. John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Ya gotta LOVE John Brennan! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments! 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House - 
interview is interesting - the SCHUMER clip says the HOUSE will investigate &amp; determine if sufficient evidence exists 2 accuse POTUS of an impeachable offense(s). I guess there was enough right? Also that the whistleblower must be ALLOWED 2 testify 
Americans want Trump out !! ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@SenateDems⁩ ⁦@SenSusanCollins⁩ 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight FABULOUS RALLY !!!!!!!! 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@amandahoovernj Why do you lie? There was easily tens of thousands of people out there. The request for tickets was over 100k. Is your TDS that's strong but you're just going to flagrantly deny reality? 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
Mark Levin says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters This is racistim at it finest, time to get rid of CNN, they are embarrassment to news. 
Texas police ID man seen on surveillance rescuing baby from El Paso Walmart shooting 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
@SenateGOP Straight out of Fox American Pravda News..👇 
95% of the calls to his were people demanding witnesses. Our calls do and will make a difference! 
Looks lke she's getting delusional again...😀😁😂 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? Ad says yes 
@SenTedCruz truth has a way making people face a lot about themselves. Is it to late for you? 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 240 Americans. WTF THERE ARE MILLIONS OF CHINESE IN THE UNITED STATES, SAN FRANCISCO IS 90% CHINESE, THE RATIO IS ASTOUNDING, ANOTHER SHAM #QAnon — 
. . . . . . .There are 1 or 2 important names to note in this article . 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela . I hate getting my teeth worked on, too. 
Talk about dumb. "Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" the-material 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer | 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch’s firing change? 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling @nbcnews 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
The left and their sophomoric humor.. Racist.. Bigot... Clowns From Discover on Google 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump%20ordered%20to%20pay%20%242%20million%20over%20scammy%20foundation%20%27charity%27 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
@KHancock4TX Is it as awkward as 1999 Lindsey Graham? 
@stlmcfc "Trump: ....we won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated. O'Reilly: And that was a smart statement because by saying he loves the poorly educated, Trump is slapping the elites who many voters despise." - , November 28, 2018 
Hey @GOP, don't screw over your constituents yet again, get the job done. Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script ⁦alert⁩ sounds more and more anti-Trump. What do you think ⁦@seanhannity⁩? 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
What more does he need? Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Buttigieg set to appear at town hall, with days to go until pivotal Iowa voting #peteonfox 
@GOPLeader Still calling it a sham, Kevie? 
⁦⁦⁦@cnnbrk⁩ ⁦@donlemon⁩ ⁦⁦@WajahatAli⁩ ⁦⁦⁦@RickWilsonHRPro⁩ SHOWING UR TRUE COLORS - EVERYTHING YOU CALL TRUMP CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’. @GoogleNews 
Oscar needs to be more careful pulling out. 
Colluder opinion means little still WalterTMosley ny @DawnEuer ri @asmmontesano ny @kurtbahr MO @TimothyHill_TN @NYSA_Majority @selim_turkey @RepBrendanBoyle @NoosWave SF NYC AOC IA NH D.C. @georgetakei @VoteRogerDodger @byxvzanne @CityofEvanston 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This is what the Democrats want. #Democrats are EVIL 👺 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' #SmartNews 
Good luck! #ambitious #futile #medialiteracy 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered #SmartNews 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say I’m having a hard time believing this story 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
The whole #Dems machine is so corrupt, and they don't care who knows it. (Their followers only believe what they want to believe, anyway.) -- #Sanders supporters fume as #Clinton allies named to key #DNC convention committees 
⁦@donlemon⁩ offers accuser $500,00 settlement but it was declined. This vile, depraved, degenerate #DonLemon like #KevinSpacey waits until you’re drunk and then grabs you by the c*ck! He is still employed by #CNN. He is a #sicko #NEWS 
@MorningEdition @npratc @NPRKelly I thought we were facing, WW3??? Instead, NPRs OBSESSED over one lady's honor 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change How ignorant are Iowa Dem voters! They just have filth to vote for! All democrats are filth! All of them have not even created bone job between them but all are wealthy! 
Experts reject Trump lawyer Dershowitz's claim abuse of power isn't impeachable 
"Country star Chase Rice slams 'Bachelor' producers for ex-girlfriend drama on show" FOX NEWS 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Their listening to us. At least some of them. #ImpeachmentTrial Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" @realDonaldTrump Stay out of our money -- Social Security is not your personal piggy bank to steal from -- people saved their entire lives not to have a greedy fucker like you steal it ... 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
Rep. Zoe Lofgren on the new Bolton revelations: 'A game changer' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 #Trump conversation A lengthy audio recording released by Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, appears to show a 2018 dinner at which Donald Trump interacts with donors and supporters, including Parnas. #USA 
#JustinBieber admits he #questioned if he could 'be #faithful' to #HaileyBaldwin before #marriage #proposal #infidelity 
@SenatorCollins ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
#BBCpapers In America, they've just weakened regulations on pork inspections where toenails, hair, sexual organs and bladders are among the things that can contaminate the meat because of poor inspections. Bon appetite! 
@SenJoniErnst @DeptofDefense Really? Senator Ernst, this shouldn’t be your goal as you are under oath, before GOD and COUNTRY, to be fair and impartial., not an accomplice to criminal behavior. 
"Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20" 
Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
This week, Donald Trump abandoned his 2016 rhetoric and put possible Social Security and Medicare cuts on the table. Yesterday, he tried to clean up the mess - but it didn't go especially well. 
How freaking brilliant! Fly a plane full of people, ALL possible carriers of virus, into Los Angeles CALIFORNIA. Tell me this is NOT a government operation. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
African-American pastor’s incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
GET WOKE - GO BROKE! Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.21.20 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary : JUST LIKE THA RUSSIANZ REFUSED HELP WITH THEIR DOWNED SUBMARINE....IDIOTZ 
@realDonaldTrump Liddle' Adam Schiff read your heavily-redacted transript you urged him to read as part of his summary last night. Did you notice he was practically beaming with strength and confidence as he read it to the Senate? Oh, and lordy, there are tapes! 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries | Trump Lied to America again 
Study determines each state's most searched snack ahead of the Super Bowl 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Thank you. Bolton is a War Monger. Scoundrel. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK @WhiteNoise1879 @Fulham_Focus @FulhamishPod @FulhamFC 
Trump fires up crowd at massive MAGA rally in NJ Pete Hegseth speaks to voters in Wildwood. #FoxandFriendsFirst 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
I didn’t watch. Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low | 
@justinamash EssenViews - Silence Kills Democracy This is more serious than I thought: Maine Independent Sen. Angus King notes that hearing the evidence against Trump in its totality lead him to realize the "powerful" case against the president. 
Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' 
@GOP Audio of Trump say "get rid of her" Txts from Parnes, letter from Guiliani to Zelinsky as Trumps PERSONAL lawyer capacity, freedm of information emails, and now Bolton book manuscript in which Trump admits to holding add for investigations. @NBCNews 
.@NicolleDWallace: "Mitch McConnell has already lost his grip on his caucus. The rules that he made clear last night ... those have changed already." 
Alabama senate enacts legislation forbidding cities or counties in the state to pass laws raising the minimum wage. Legislation also means employers cannot be compelled by law to provide leave or other benefits to workers. wtf? @matthewloeb @garrar26 
In WW2. On the Japanese side, there were two leader, Tojo and Yamamoto. One was killed in the war and the other executed. Go watch the movie Tora-Tora-Tora. For the 2020 election. Who will be killed in the war and who will be executed for war crime 
Garden State native Kellyanne Conway: 'South Jersey is Trump country' 
Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
❤️🇺🇸➖Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
@realDonaldTrump The Senate will probably vote to acquit you. However, the polls WILL NOT. You will be GONE. WE will crawl over broken glass if necessary to VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE. National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
I am walking to the forest so please read #FishingForRobots #Python #Eventi #Anonymous @GamingRTCentral #Tunisia #Eris #Ethics @FMC_RTs @SympathyRTs @FlyRts #DigitalHealth #ImWithHer #ServiceDesign #GreenNewDeal #MachineLearning @SGH_RTs 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group He has my vote ! 
Send it to Rachel! I want to know what's your take on Alison Morris racial slur. We all know what we heard. I'm pretty sure it'll be a cover-up and she'll keep her job. 
From Discover on Google 
Professor @EVKontorovich, Director of a International Law at the @KoheletForum explains in Op-Ed that if the Palestinians say no to the Trump Plan, next time they might get nothing! #deal_of_the_century 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Absolutely just say goodby to bought &amp; paid for liar 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #SmartNews 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@WhiteHouse Wait! What!! 😳....It was not about corruption?? 
Pam Bondi: Hunter Biden's decision to join Burisma raised red flags almost immediately 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Viral TikTok video shows men playing cards while waiting at Florida intersection" FOX NEWS 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Sen. Stabenow: 'John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate' 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support The United States and United Nations on Tuesday launched a program aimed at helping thousands of Venezuelan migrants resettle in Brazil. 
@JoshNBCNews @Twitter “Full audio: #LevParnasAudio of alleged #2018TrumpConversation” #TrumpUkraine #TiesThatBind #CallTheWitnesses #TrumpImpeachmentTrial 
.@AriMelber calls Ken Starr's defense of President Trump "a disaster for Republicans. A total, unmitigated, legal, and constitutional disaster." 
FACT OF THE DAY: Amy Klobuchar has spent 67 days in Iowa, the most of any Presidential candidate in 2020. See every candidate’s time spent in Iowa at 
A recording obtained by ABC News includes a voice apparently belonging to Pres. Trump ordering aides to "get rid" of US Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch. National security analyst Jeremy Bash talks about what this means. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This is what the liberal democrats want in our country 
Oh please Rand the Russian asset Treasonous Criminal Shithole Donnies kids follow his footsteps in massive Grifter scheme been raking in millions ! 
On third day of opening statements, new audio appears to confirm Trump’s role in Ukraine plot 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Where is the MSM on this, oh wait, it doesn’t fit their agenda!!!!! 
@KMGrandstaff @detroithrbarbie @mkraju I know my #LiberalHate DemoRat gimmes only speak NONSENSE as it’s what helps us DemoRats #KeepAmericaDivided and #MakeAmericaWeaker 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump delivers joint remarks with the Israeli Prime Minister 
Feeling the Bern yet 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
Outrageous. Listen 8:00+ to @POTUS degrade the Korean War of 1950 and our involvement in helping South Korea. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation #KoreanWar #IMPOTUS 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
These people and Sharia is sick and Barbaric!! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@JoyVBehar here the article @MeghanMcCain Was talking about. @sunny @WhoopiGoldberg #TheView #today #followme 
They're offended? IDK if I'd have enough patience to participate in this farce &amp; tolerate their BS. 🤮😱🤬 
The shit is not all in the streets.....San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@KMC4wauk @kasie Oh here you go 
@Sen_JoeManchin impeach Trump 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
John Kelly, John Bolton's lost their high prestige positions. By being fired or let go for disagreeing with Trump's position. That did not go their way. One writes tell all book for. $$$$$$ 1 agrees. Both men unbelievable. 
#NBA #BigDeporte ESPN anchor Elle Duncan: "The only small source of comfort for me, is knowing that he died doing what he loved the most: being a dad. Being a girl dad." 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
No.Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say 
Schiff: Senate will ‘give no refuge’ to witnesses who claim executive privilege 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
@realDonaldTrump Lemon not the only one laughing at you. 👇 
Repeal and replace with nothing. Because only the rich are entitled to healthcare in America 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@TheDemCoalition Trump is not new to politics He flirted with a run in 1988, 1996; ran in 2000, 2012, 2016 A long-planned disaster Loud brash real estate guy Trump recruited to visit USSR in 1987 by Vitaly Churkin, who eventually became Russia's UN Ambassador dies Feb 2017 
@Alyssa_Milano Being the feminist you are I'm sure you are right on this. When will you be reporting from Indonesia and protesting for women's rights? Bringing your Hollywood and D.C. friends with you? ... 
LOCK HIM UP! --&gt;"National poll: US majority wants to see #Trump removed from office" #p2 #Resist #Resistance #Indivisible 
A CNN panel is facing intense backlash on Monday night for mocking Trump supporters as "credulous boomer rubes," even sparking fierce condemnation from President Trump and his presidential campaign. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight MAGA 💪🏽🇺🇸 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
@MAGA20272639837 @DevinNunes @TreyDwag2020 @realDonaldTrump @NickKristof Debunked, move on... And the tangerine troll likes Russia so much, what are you worried about? One story: 100% fake news weaponized against Clinton-one-joy-reid-debunks-fake-news-targeting-clinton-1084014147813 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
"7 shocking celebrity weight loss transformations" 
Waiting until after IA/NH for negative ads on frontrunner can work momentarily if brutal &amp; well-funded but harder with multiple candidates &amp; hard to sustain: 2012: SC: Newt 40% Mitt 28 2016: SC: Trump 33% Rubio 23% Cruz 22% 
Okay, we’ll finally see who the RINO’s really are. Take the vote, let’s get the list of people who are on their last term in office. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" @realDonaldTrump If corruption was such a concern why did you hide it? And why was it not mentioned on the call? More Trump lies. 
What is #Trump thinking? Two men who’ve worked for him weigh in @amjoyshow 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
AOC never mentions Bernie Sanders' name at Iowa rally 
Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' Curious George 
Trumps 1 big mistake was hiring Bolton when all advisors said "NO DONT DO IT" ! President now at least scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ ohhhh, how true. 
On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument 
I’ll let y’all handle the jokes on this one 😉 Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
@snowstormyou @SenFeinstein Senator Angus King, Independant from Maine just said on CNN that 90% of the calls they're getting are asking for witnesses to be called, NOT for acquittal! This 👇🏽is from yesterday. 
@LindseyGrahamSC @VP Why do this? For what? For a lifelong two-bit con artist who would not hesitate to throw you under the bus. 
McConnell moves to lockdown press for Trump trial 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Sen. Murphy: 'I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden' Sen Murphy the gop wants to put the Bidens on trial not the man who they think should be accountable for he does 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #President #Trump #Shampeachment #Witnesses #Bolton #Leak - Join the conversation on @clouthub 
WATCH: @MayaWiley says Republicans "have placed the Constitution itself on trial" by arguing that use of government power "against a political opponent, who is an American citizen, is not impeachable." 
Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you 
Opinion?? Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
#KAG2020 Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Earlier today, Sen. @amyklobuchar spoke with @nicolledwallace and Brian Williams about the new revelations from John Bolton. Watch on @: 
I will never forget how hate-filled the Left was when Billy Graham &amp; Scalia died or Scalise was shot. This culture of controlling dialogue, public events, travel, &amp; speaking engagements due to far-left bigotry &amp; discrimination against the Right must end. 
Nothing to worry about? Then why evacuate the Americans? Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Hosted By MFrazz: Jimmy Fallon, John Cena and other stars workout in hilarious beer commercial for Sunday’s game 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
Trump nightmare: Rebelling ex-aides testify at trial 
#GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in #impeachmenttrial, as several #Dems appear to support #acquittal: source #MAGA #KAG2020Landslide #QAnon 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Oscar Mayer Wiener Mobile pulled over by Wisconsin Police for violating 'Move Over Law.' To be frank, I thought he was speeding and the cops stopped for a quick hot dog. That would be the wurst. I relish your comments. #Food #Police #tickets 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@LondonBreed As we kick off 2020...nice! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
2014: Sen. Udall a CO. Democrat sits on the Senate Intel Committee called for Brennan to resign; From hacking of congressional staff computers &amp; continued leaks undermining the Senate Intel Committee’s investigation, I have lost confidence in John Brennan. 
Chuck Schumer: Republicans were fixated on Schiff during... 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second'. It's sad that @TheEllenShow never gave a tearful tribute to the thousands who died wearing the uniform of our military. Those who sacrificed their lives for us. 
Lt. Col. Vindman on America: 'This is America... here, right matters' #RightMatters 
FOX NEWS CHANNEL MARKS 18TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR AS NUMBER ONE CABLE NEWS NETWORK 
Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Well sure. If the NY Times hadn’t reported this, President Trump’s apologists would have a much easier job. 
75 percent of voters in favor of witnesses at impeachment trial 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished! 
@realDonaldTrump @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends Show us the witnesses! 
Full audio: #LevParnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation It’s time for us to #TakeHimOut. #TrumpMustGo 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sorry, but 'who?' 
So Trumpettes admit Trump is a criminal and they also admit they could care less. Wow. 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
Who could have seen this coming? Definitely not Bernie supporters. Trump vs. Clinton 2.0 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees The fix is in Bernie 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer #Trump2020 #KAG 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020… 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
All fun and games until you lose the money you paid out over a lifetime. 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@BernieSanders We don’t want old white cis straight rich politicians who lie to the voters and use Trumpian tactics of accusing others of what they do themselves. 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas ⬇️⬇️⬇️ 
Ifill: Kellyanne Conway's excuse for Trump not observing MLK day 'embarassingly incompetent' 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation ……. 
Not everyone in Congress is a moran. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Your liberal demorats support this. Ask them @aoc @SpeakerPelosi. Women take note. Coming to America. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for John Bolton's unpublished book? @PeteWilliamsNBC: "Sometimes these subpoenas do succeed ... the Senate could subpoena Bolton himself ... they could subpoena the publisher ... they could subpoena the White House." 
Donald Trump recently assured the public that "no Americans were harmed" in Iran's missile strike. As it turns out, as U.S. troops are airlifted to hospitals, he has his own definition of "harm." 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
The woman was fired but still...who does this crap? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial Praised by who? Liberal dictators! 
Puppy store investigated after 'concerning' video suggests puppies were drugged o.m.g 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation #WHY? 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied. Like we thought Trump’s lawyers would be any different from their “sleazy clients” 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens': Chris Hayes says that even if Hunter Biden was suspected of wrongdoing in his relationship with Burisma, as Trump's defense team is alleging, there's no reason for Trump to deal with… 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Trump's Senate impeachment trial: What happened on Day Three 
You know what to do #qanon #WWG1WGA #WWG1WGA_WORLDWIDE #Trump #Trump2020 #Trump2020Landslide 
Lara Trump says poll with high ratings for economy will be hard for Dems to run against 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@MaryAliceBisho2 @ErinBanco @Lawrence Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Watch out, Bernie, she’s got “the urge”.: Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #DonaldTrump #CrookedTrump #LiarTrump #NeedToImpeach #Impeachment #ImpeachmentTrial #RepublicanLiars #IMPOTUS #AmericansWantWitnesses 
@DrZamalek I don't think this was the first time I heard this, but I found something about it on the Parnas interview at: 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob #MafiaDon #TrumpCrimeFamily #ArrestTrump 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Dems offer facts - GOP counters with bull shit — Breaking News, Top Stories, &amp; Show Clips | NBC News 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner 
Alan Dershowitz @AlanDersh argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment Absolutely a must watch. Not only will you learn new things about our country's founding but his presentation is spot on perfect if you enjoy form as well! 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
The bi-coastal media elites. #CNN #DonLemon 
(Sanders supporters want more gulag managers appointed?) Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of... 
This is good, but I'm no fan of Rick Wilson either. He still brings a lot of mess with him also... 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @RepMarkMeadows actually, you're wrong, loser 
Sen. Chris Van Hollen says Bolton claims are major test of whether senators want impartial impeachment trial 
Keep voting in corrupt people like her so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
separation of powers is history Our Senate and Executive are now controlled by Putin 
You mean Junior Obumas. Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Another coronavirus case has been confirmed in the U.S., this time in Chicago 
Of course they don't Trump lawyers’ defense arguments don’t hold up experts says 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Mark Levin says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment | 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds | 
And this is what the Muslims want the law to be in America! Besides Democrats wanting socialism/communism! #InsaneLeftists #NeverSocialism/Communism Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Imagine that, All 5 are ran by proud Democrats! 2020 America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Canada's first #coronavirus cases are confirmed in husband and wife: officials: #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
@QDecoder @ESCochrane And you believe djt’s numerous statements that he does not know the indicted Parnas other than possibly took a pic with him...and then a recording is made public today! 
Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #JustSayinG😍 Make some noise if you're 💯% in for witnesses ٩͡[๏̮̃͡๏]۶ #RightMatters #TruthMatters HT @MaddowBlog @stevebenen 
A juror is offering her predetermined opinion in a public forum. Justice Roberts should declare a mistrial or McConnell needs to move on a vote. Kamala Harris on impeachment trial: ‘Time to do justice’ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
It's no longer about whether #GOPTraitors allow a real #TrumpImpeachmentTrial but why the HELL this criminal organization is allowed to stay in power? GOP must be on the FTO list, NOT in DC #MitchMcCoverup #TrumpIsGuilty #TrumpsRemovalTrial #Resist 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
SO SUCK IF HEARING OF THESE TWO, NO ONE GIVE A SH/T Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
@yashar Kobe's 13-year-old daughter, her teammate, the teammate's parent, and the pilot were also killed. 
Italian driver evades flaming cars in botched highway robbery attempt 
Lawrence: Dem House Managers doing ‘flawless job’ in opening impeachment arguments 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
@LizRNC Now do this..... 
'Truth Hurts': Dems try shaming Trump's jurors in Senate trial showdown 
Pretty much done with #Republicans McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Bernie Sanders is looking indestructible 
@DailyCaller Meanwhile, @donlemon Lemon was served with the Sexual Assault complaint Wednesday and Soon To Be On National Sex Offenders List! Who Is IGNORANT? 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
It's time to remove all NSC from the White House and move them across the river away from it. They cannot be trusted. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues | 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
THIS IS ANOTHER HOLOCAUST, THE DAY AFTER HOLOCAUST REMEMBRANCE DAY Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Dear @Franklin_Graham, We love you so much that we want to lovingly inform you that you will be lovingly burning in hell. Be sure to lovingly tell Satan hi! Love, The loving LGBT community 
⁦@maddow⁩ nails the whole #Ukraine and #Russia ties to all of this. It’s at the end portion. Apparently the focus on Trump ordering #Yovanovitch to be taken out wasn’t the worst part. #ImpeachmentTrial #IndictTrump #RemoveTrumpNow #fossilfuels 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas "And really, people are at their best when they can make their own decisions for their lives and are not beholden to the Washington elites telling them what to do," he explained. 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch | 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Steele: Impeachment process 'dumbed down to the lowest pitiful common denominator of ugly and stupid' 
@blompf2020 News from the Western Wall! A Two State solution! Winning! Can you give us details on your historic plan? 
Nadler 
@MarshaBlackburn You mean the same Russia that hosted several of your colleagues last summer, hacked/interfered w the 2916 US election, and has dubious financial ties to the NRA (who spent $30M to elect DJT)... 
@gop Good luck GOP, getting rid of your big orange elephant who has gutted and ruined your party. be careful what you wish for. National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Dear @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi @MittRomney @CharlesGKoch @georgesoros CC @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC @OANN @BreitbartNews Just like @feliciasonmez... Not cool to shame/silence @evanrachelwood for her comments! Her tweet was fair! 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
@RepMarkMeadows hey #moscowmark .... slurp this down .... Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries | 
How did Bernie make millions as a public servant? Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments The Age of Impeachment #Liberals &amp; #Conservatives #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #Republicans &amp; #Democrats #ReligiousFreedom #GOP 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
That's because of guilt and @SenJoniErnst @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr @SenThomTillis Need impeachment anyway. @SenMcSallyAZ @SenCoryGardner @marcorubio @lisamurkowski @MittRomney @SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis @SenAlexander @SenJohnThune #QuidProQuo time 
Team Trump’s trial ‘revenge’ is off to a woefully dishonest start #SmartNews 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
The first two episodes of “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! 6 episodes. 6 themes that separate the winners from the losers. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk. Shuddering information from public by having this trial late at night. Works for a coverup. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" | Coming soon to a theater near you - "The Bus Pompeo Got Thrown Under." 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? #FoxNews is Anti-military #Murdoch doesn't care. He didn't care in the UK either. #MAGA 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich And he preaches income equality. Just like every other democrat politician corrupt and stealing taxpayer money to fund his family’s lifestyle 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
I'm home sick from Infowars so yell at today #FishingForRobots @ShoutGamers #Hockey #MachineLearning #GreenNewDeal #HealthyRecipes #Ethics @BlazedRTs #Anonymous #DesignThinking #FreeCalifornia @FlyRts #Hunting #Eris #Pittsburgh #Python 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
@ninaturner @TheJDBright Schweizers book is a good read - you should all look at the hypocrite you support 
'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' @ What are they afraid of? 
Pelosi &amp; Schiff have plan to clean up: Homeless sites charge those homeowners they trashed. California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
@ABC looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize TALIB IS IN THE GUTTER AND WILL REMAIN THERE. BAD FOR AMERICA. VOTE HER OUT. 
"Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20" 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
@fox32news 34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Time to call in Biden' and Schiff as well "Let's do this" It is what it is! 
👂🎧Audio Evidence: 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: @maddow 
This is what happens as the pressure mounts on Biden. He just can’t take it. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Good for madmax she has been shut down as the stupid she is. Dershowitz slams Maxine Waters: Founding Fathers 'expressly rejected' her 'lawless view' on impeaching Trump 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
WOW... Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Lev Parnas's interview on maddow tonight is damning. He's an associate of Trump's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, and implicated Trump in a criminal extortion scheme. How can any Senator argue that we don't need a real trial with witnesses and documents? 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
From Discover on Google 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Chris Matthews says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
No he hasn't, you &amp; the 'gone sooners' have. You allow more junk that is not fact/evidence, just more 'anti Trump' posing by pols w/only their interests, not America's, involved. Stop and end this shameful mess ASAP. " 
WATCH: Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
@realDonaldTrump Even FoxNews cannot hide that #AmericansDemandWitnesses 
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump Rotten Ronna is either delusional or stupid. Have you seen recent polls? "National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | " _____ I am a torture victim of the FBI. Trump is covering up human rights abuse. 
Sign the petition. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Katyal: Parnas' interview &amp; new evidence is ‘damning’ for Trump 
Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
Sanders has plans; I have results, says Deval Patrick #politics #feedly 
@IWV @Iowamom7 Yeah. Clearly, Biden's daughter working for a criminal justice reform non-profit is the same thing as getting trademarks from China for personal profit. Clearly the same thing...🙄 
Agreed! Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Weak ⁦@SenateGOP⁩!! This #JohnBoltonBook leak has successfully done what it was designed to do and R’s fell for it hook, line &amp; sinker. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
But but but we have to give our SS and Medicare to the finance the rich's tax cuts! How else will they trickle down on us? 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
@HarrietBaldwin Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
Ben Rhodes: Giuliani associate shows ‘abnormal corruption’ of Trump admin. 
@AlexFTweets @mkraju @LindseyGrahamSC 80 percent in the Fox poll. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
D.C. attorney general charges Trump inaugural committee enriched the family business 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
"A massive drama playing out on the Republican side ... McConnell told his colleagues on the Republican side there are not yet enough votes to block the Democrats' demands for testimony." Brian Williams recaps Day 7 of Pres. Trump's impeachment trial. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #sharia #Muslim 
I’m almost 💯 positive he said this. Here’s the video I think is cut short 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 1 THESSALONIANS 5:3 could this possibly be a major prophecy being fulfilled if both sides agreed to the peace talk agreement ? 
This is how you handle #cult45 tossers like Steve Cortes Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Sold out America's Interests for cheap political gain" 
Incredibly wrong at every turn! 
🤔 Democrats neighborhoods 🤔Pelosi districts ....this all over California, a sanctuary state. People with money behind gated communities. The average taxpayer managing how they could. Public services all in need. MAGA ✍🏽✍️ 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted by the CDC to California air base ...people in his district have voiced their concerns over the flight landing at Ontario International Airport. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Republicans throw Biden a lifeline, an excuse for losing Iowa: Rs are not trying to sink him. They are trying to promote him. RCP shows that Biden has not done consistently well since March, long before the impeachment trial. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt | 
You cannot negotiate with evil; that is appeasement. Extradite this unrepentant demon&amp;show mercy to the family who lost innocent loved ones😒.Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing killed Americans 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' (We Have Withheld All Of The Evidence??)" 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB | 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@WhiteHouse The crown Prince and the clown prince 
Hmmn..... If I wanted to scare Clowns, out of China, how would I go about it.... 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | This is not a religion 
Wouldn’t it be fabulous to hear Hunter Biden say to Trump family: “OK, let’s get the FBI determine how much your family has profited from this presidency in this 3 years and I’ll donate my 3 million if you do so” McCaskill: attack on Bidens unbelievable 
From Discover on Google 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. ⁦@ClevelandNews36⁩ ⁦@toledonews⁩ ⁦@ColumbusNews⁩ ⁦@daytondailynews⁩ ⁦@CincinnatiNews_⁩ ⁦@AkronNewsNow1⁩ ⁦@courierjournal⁩ ⁦@heraldleader⁩ 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Politics Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling @ 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
'We have to do better': Florida paper rejects Trump reelection 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' BOLTON INITIALLY SAID HE WOULD NOT TESTIFY BUT CHANGED HIS MIND AT THE SAME TIME THE LEAK OCCURRED. COINCIDENCE, I DON’T THINK SO, DID DEMS PAY HIM OFF? 
Pete Buttigieg on impeachment: "I rarely get questions about the impeachment process ... I think it's because of the sense created by the Senate GOP that it's a foregone conclusion, and it's almost designed to make us feel disempowered." 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low . 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Sen. Warner: GOP hasn't proven why Hunter Biden would be as relevant a witness as Amb. Bolton. John Bolton is relavant Biden isn’t relavant why have a ilrelavant witness from a president send us 🗝🤥💩👎🏻🔥🤑 
Some cultures are not as good as others. 
'Pandemic fears' grow as #China virus claims nineth victim. 
.@AriMelber asks Rep. Meadows if President Trump has the right to continue to pursue foreign help investigating Americans. 
GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' Nicolle Wallace and Michael Steele discuss Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and his fellow Republicans handling of the Senate impeachment trial of President Donald Trump. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@SpeakerPelosi should have been on top of this if she gave a damn, but she doesn't. Who knows? Maybe she was getting kickbacks. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested for public corruption. 
On SatTlaib shared an unverified tweet claiming that a 7-yr-old Palestinian boy was "kidnapped &amp; executed" by Israeli settlers #resignRashida 
@charliekirk11 Really? Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia 
"We The People" Care Because We're Paying for You and Your Holligagan Republican Congress Big Spending, Weekly Golf Trumps and Family Business Trips. By The Way is Your Family Conducting Family Business in The WH? 
Schumer: “I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play.” 
NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
msnbcTV 
@ChrisMurphyCT @lauferlaw Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
QUOTE: There was a curious moment in the first day of Donald Trump’s Senate impeachment trial... 
@Acosta And @CNN Contributed to destroying trust in the media with all their lies and biased made up propaganda 
Garden State native Kellyanne Conway: 'South Jersey is Trump country' 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Truth reminders for anyone tempted to believe Trump's rantings about the impeachment process. Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Former White House doctor on run for Congress: Texas turning blue is a false media narrative 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say #AAG #AAG2020 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Breaking DISGUSTING VIDEO NEWS - In 2018, with Lev Parnas, it appears Trump wanted to know how Ukraine would fare against Russia without U.S. aid. In 2019 he held the aid. 
Please vote. #gunrights #2AShallNotBeInfringed #2A 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump As usual you are way off ... isn’t over yet. 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
I'm not so mad at this action from Lemon, I've come to expect it. What I am mad about is the guy talking "Southern" sounds more "Southern" than I do and.I was born and raised in the south! Seriously though, I am mad because only 3 people saw this live 
Oscar Mayer now hiring Wienermobile drivers for 2020 class I really wanna.. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues Duh. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says YES! At least Pence isn't a serial liar..doesn't brag about grabbing ladies' private parts.. doesn't mock handicap people..doesn't seperate families..abuse power ...at least it's an improvement! 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing #NewsGrit 
The low reporter deserved.Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump doing to the U.S what he did to the Taj Mahal 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Democrats lay out case for removing President Trump 
"Did you hear THE CONWAY WEST SONG, mom?" Trump female TX-oil dinner guest at 34:00 timestamp. Parnas at 38:30 #LevParnas @maddow @lawrence @arimelber @deadlinewh @chrislhayes @ac360 @halliejackson @joyannreid @newyorktimes @vox @thedailybeast 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump . Not a fan of Scarborough but he has seen the light and this is funny, although Ignatius would be even funnier. 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Cue the Democrats discontent in 3, 2, 1.... 
Rep. Nadler tells @AriMelber that House impeachment managers may call for fmr. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly to testify in the Senate impeachment trial. 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
CNN’s Don Lemon questions Donald Trump's mental fitness | 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Andy McCarthy on potential pitfall of Jay Sekulow challenging John Bolton's recollection of events #AAG #AAG2020 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump nightmare: Rebelling ex-aides testify at trial 
@FormerNanny @FantasyGrowTent Here you go maybe you'll believe them 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
@Farrier105 @stranahan Former FEC Chairmen disagrees What thing of value did Trump receive? 
Too late, trust on media already destroyed. I believe NOTHING said by MSM. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@fred_guttenberg @JoeNBC @JoeBiden Would it have been that much trouble for you to find it? 
Rep. McCarthy: They have the transcript, they don't need anything more 
So true🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
'C'mon... Everyone understands the president wasn't acting in good faith': Hayes 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
I’ve flown this route many times while in the Ghazni Province on a variety of aircraft. Praying for the families! R.I.P. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣#DejaVu 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' Joni spilled the beans by admitting this whole mess is because of Trump's desperate fear of Biden and running against him in the 2020 election. 
This ass thinks he can make this decision. Really? From Discover on Google 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt This is ridiculous !! #Bolton is a known liar and even admitted he would lie if he had to.😡 #ShamImpeachment #Rhinos🤔11/03/20 
Sen. Whitehouse says Pres. Trump's legal defense team avoided addressing key evidence in the impeachment case and instead "they made a dozen arguments or more. I think they were trying to build as many off-ramps as they could away from the real question." 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Trump or Netanhu have any right to divide Gods land as described in the Bible. If they do it will bring a curse upon them. 
A civil war in the making! I’m rooting for Bernie! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@RepMarkMeadows So our Constitution needs to be changed in order to fit whatever Trump wants to do? That's a Dictatorship Sir Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid #coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base If incubation is 2 wks, shouldnt they be quarantined for 2 wks.. A little scary no mention of quarantine! 😱 
Ingraham: The Bolton red herring | 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
@MarshaBlackburn The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence (w Sondland) regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions &amp; intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
TRIBE: “If this is not impeachable, nothing is....”🧐 (Cullinan💎’s in Trillions) #GABRIEL🌎#BNPParibas🦅#Vtb🏦 #Chase #Gazprom⛽️#VW🚘 #GM #Infiniti #Volvo #DeutscheBank #HSBC🤝 #CITI💳 #CreditSuisse⚖️ #ZALES💎#LondonSqMile🔥 #LucisTrustDIVESTITURE💵💷💶💴 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Here's part of a segment I produced for @amjoyshow's special "PM Joy" last night on the @DMRegister's endorsement of @ewarren. In the segment @JoyAnnReid interviews @carolhunter, Executive Editor of the Des Moines Register, about the paper's choice. 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base The US Govt. needs to take this plague seriously. Australia evacuated their nationals to a prepared quarantine facility on Christmas Island for observation. 
⁦@JoeNBC⁩ : A confederacy of dunces defends Trump (Emmy award winner!) 😁 As Eugene Robinson said, “We need the crop duster of truth here!” 😜 
Low-visibility barriers must be built as the home hv always seen clearly after passing by. Now, someone asks to visit it’s easily reveal the state secret,rejected! #China spurned #CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: #US Health Secretary 
@mustvoteblue @donlemon It was Obama those photos were from his Presidency 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees HilLIARy in charge? 
Opinion | Suzanne Garment: "With Trump, we have a president who regularly demonstrates he has no knowledge of the intricacies of how the government works — and didn’t think he had to learn." - @NBCNewsTHINK 
Watch Rep. Katie Porter’s master class in Congressional hearings 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
@realDonaldTrump start to listen at 39 minute mark to 43 minutes 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Dianne Feinstein: 'There is no Deep State' | Trump’s AND HIS NOW JAILED FRIENDS Has Been Doing CRIMINAL ACTS Since He Came Down The Escalator, That’s Why The FBI AND DEMOCRACY WARRIORS Has Been After Him, Inviting Russia, 10 PLUS Obstruction Charges,&amp;.... 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ ⁦@EricTrump⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
If Lt. Col. Vindman had anything bad to say to Russia about Anything, it was about the Unfit Orange Neanderthal that is Staining the Oval Office!!! "Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Even Fox News' Chris Wallace conceded on the air, "I don't know why you wouldn't take the time and every second you have to make an argument on behalf of the president. If I were the president watching this, I would not be especially pleased." 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law SICK. Hell for them soon I pray. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus thus confirming it is exponentially worse than being reported : US Health Secretary They lie like Dem Socialists and PMSNBC, SeeBS, NBC, ABC, Commie News Network, WaPo, etc. 
@benshapiro Thoughts? 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that #LiberalHypocrisy ⁦@donlemon⁩ 
.@DrJasonJohnson says if senators lack the "independence and integrity the American voters want to see, maybe they don't deserve to be a part of that 100." 
Warren endorsement by Des Moines Register explained by... 
Vile-Reprehensible-Arrogant-&amp; these are CNNs brightest stars....how far this once mighty network has fallen: 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@dickfibber @josephabondy @VP Lev Parnas Mike Pence Video? Another Vote for #NothingBurger Song. 
Thursday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.23.20 
"Justice Department suing five companies over robocalls" 
So Trump is ready to cut Medicare/ Social Security smh. #FridayNight #people #news 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Democrats race to find a LOSER Must End All This Unity! Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
HMMMMM....I wonder why????? TRUMP#2020 Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Justice 1st; no misconduct-abuse-MURDER-FRAUD-CRIME op.Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
And then God called them home. ✝️ 
What does the @SenateGOP think #ImpartialJustice means? #WitnessesAndDocuments "By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Romney, Collins say Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses, make them increasingly likely 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 😂 ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ 
Cast your vote. 
@JoeManchinWV let’s hope you still have some honor left. impeach Trump! 
@UnicornsSA @KamVTV @catturd2 @JordanSekulow @JaySekulow This didn’t age well. #TrumpFearsBiden #BoltonMustTestify #BoltonBombshell #TrumpRemovalTrial #TrumpCheats #TrumpGotCaught again. 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say 
Does this sound like a zombie (#WorldWarZ ?) horror movie to anybody else? Seriously, hopefully they are all ok. 
Devastating poll numbers from . 
@Seekingtruthsee @theTrumpet_com @DrJamesLeigh @js_jacques @YouTube @realDonaldTrump @grant_turgeon @NRO 'Tails' From The 'Script.' "#McConnell says #GOP doesn't have votes yet to block #impeachment #witnesses, as #Bolton book disrupts #trial script." 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
China's women's Olympic soccer team quarantined in Australia 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump #TrumpLies Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) -- who picked up the "Moscow Mitch" moniker after balking at other bills on election security -- said his GOP-led chamber would ignore this bill, too. 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Great interview. The Whistkeblower has been busy. This is a must watch interview with @LeeSmithDC @SaraCarterDC @IngrahamAngle 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch and havoc convo with Lev, the guy he claims he doesn’t know. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
University of Missouri law professor Frank O. Bowman, the author of a recent book on presidential power and accountablity, told the Times the argument is “constitutional nonsense.” Of course it is. No one is above the law in our democracy! NOT A KING! 
Most amazing man ever @realDonaldTrump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight. Fuck #DemocratsDestroyingAmerica 
🎉🍾 Congratulation @GregGutfeldShow Late Night King in Jan! 2.2M avg @greggutfeld @PlanetTyrus @KatTimpf January Guests @Johnny_Joey @theloftusparty @LawrenceBJones3 @MrDavidAngelo @PeteHegseth @joemachi @terryschappert @Mrjimflorentin -@tommyoconnor 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics Dangerous Coup by Devilish Dem - Call U S Military 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Steele: Impeachment process 'dumbed down to the lowest pitiful common denominator of ugly and stupid' 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for...: Trump said "no Americans were harmed" in a recent attack because he saw traumatic-brain injuries as "headaches." Many veterans aren't pleased. 
Flight carrying US evacuees from China diverted to air base 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Watergate prosecutor: Trump is worse than Nixon because he has no ‘shame’ 
@deanchelle @100FrogLegs @Donnachka206 You can catch it on I loved it. cortes was a true Tumper. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says | 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@realDonaldTrump Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump: Religious liberty is under siege, it was the right time to do it 
@lou_bruette @jdd2169 @PATRIQT_1776 @Michael16862235 @808constituent @BigFurryNemo @SONADORLIVESON @ethanrafael7 @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @QuareFellas @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @aorgat @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 Here your Redacted story from your fav Network Lou lol 😂 and still Nothing gonna happen to Joe Biden 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" -... 
FOX NEWS, PEOPLE! McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Sen. Stabenow: 'John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate' - 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump’s Middle East peace plan is an 'opportunity of a lifetime' for Israelis and Palestinians 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
This is what is known as "The Art of the Deal" Dems, you might take notes. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight... 
Chiefs embracing loose locker room culture on Super Bowl run 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Pardon? 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low ⁦@aliciakeys⁩ was that a can of Mountain Dew you gave that award to for some called singing 😂😂😂😂😂 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 02 
I'd like a return to empathy and compassion. It's the first step to ever getting any progressive dreams done. I want a president who is humble and human. It's what the democrats offer and it's what I'll be voting for. 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Juan Williams on Bolton: Trump was saying 'I want to withhold aid to get something for myself' Oh Juan the fall is going to hurt 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Chris Matthews: It's a 'LOL' that Trump didn't abuse power?😂🌊🌊 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
WATCH: Sen. Stabenow: Not the Senate's job 'to further [Trump]'s politics' 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Tucker Carlson: Impeachment is all that matters in the media and important stories are being ignored. Why? 
What's it like for senators on the floor during the Trump impeachment trial inside the chamber? There's no caffeine or snacks allowed inside, says fmr. Sen. McCaskill. 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails Yep. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@IvankaTrump rips 'disgusting' #FakeNews #EnemyOfThePeople #DemocratShills @CNN #Pervert @donlemon &amp; panel that mocked her father's supporters 
in the #GoldenAge we may no longer have to worry about these viruses 
What dangers does former National Security Adviser John Bolton pose to President Trump if he testifies in the Trump impeachment trial ? #TrumpMatters #AmericansDemandWitnesses #ImpeachmentTrial #DefendOurDemocracy 🇺🇸 
Sekulow accuses Schiff of taking Hamilton quote out of context in Trump impeachment trial SO WHAT ELSE IS NEW - SCHITT'S LIPS MOVE AND HE'S LYING @RepAdamSchiff 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
@alfranken If this clip is actually what is going on in rural America, @berniesanders will be the next POTUS. @jimmy_dore @JordanChariton @dailykos @MMFlint 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation #AAG #AAG2020 
Such a tragedy! 
@MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN Bull! Read sometimes instead of listening to Fake Trump and Fake Fox. 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@realDonaldTrump time to cutoff travel from/to China to protect the homeland until risk is eliminated. 
Refused our help, how interesting is that. This is much worse than China is letting on. Now over 50 Million people are being sealed inside cities. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
75% of registered voters say witnesses should testify in the Senate impeachment trial, according to a new Quinnipiac poll. 
Trump says he hasn’t seen John Bolton manuscript 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Even if they played a video of white noise for 24 hours the #GOPComplicitTraitors will execute the #GOPCoverup and #GOPCorruptionOverCountry House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand ⁦@MittRomney⁩ ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
The prominent Christian speaker said "God defines homosexuality as a sin" but added, "if we're willing to accept Him by faith and turn away from our sins, He will forgive us and give us new life - eternal life - in Him." 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
the @gop is running around like chicks🐥caught in a hail-storm looking for cover...and TRUMPS blocking the ramp to the hen house how MORE PATHETIC can this get... suppose we'll see Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
No! In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@realDonaldTrump Everybody should watch this too: 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Charles Payne: Bernie Sanders 'is a juggernaut right now' and Trump should not underestimate him #news 
. INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES CORRUPTION "Trump or members of his team directed the intelligence community to hide materials from Congress." @JohnJHarwood @JoyceWhiteVance @mayawiley @brianstelter @DavidCornDC @JohnRoberts_CJ @SpeakerPelosi @SenateDems @cnnbrk 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #SmartNews 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
@RepGosar Chuckles Nonsense News 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
@eneffseetee @RPK54492696 @sadydoyle @blanketboat @joerogan Um. We have subsidized many corporations. 
WATCH: Chris Hayes discusses the life and times of basketball legend Kobe Bryant. #inners 
Pam Bondi, the Florida AG who Trump's now defunct charitable trust made a highly questionable political donation to, will play a lead role in his impeachment defense. She's also a registered agent for Qatar. JoyceWhiteVance 
Scum can’t clean up scum.. 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" Sen. King 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
He can't get in because of his ankle monitor...but get this...Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., had provided a ticket for Parnas,....Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Wallace: In opening argument, Schiff attempts to convince GOP senators to 'be something better' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally. Go New Jersey! Let's flip Red! 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
WATCH: @mayawiley says House impeachment managers "brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid" when asking that witnesses and documents be subpoenaed in President Trump's impeachment trial. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
"Why didn’t John Bolton testify to the US House ? Probably because the ink used to print his book hadn't dried yet. 
.@Lawrence: "Mitch McConnell needs Donald Trump and the Trump media team to spend the next two days trying to strike terror in the hearts of Republican senators who are ready to vote for witnesses." 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
Audio of Trump say "get rid of her" Txts from Parnes, letter from Guiliani to Zelinsky as Trumps PERSONAL lawyer capacity, freedm of information emails, and now Bolton book manuscript in which Trump admits to holding add for investigations. @NBCNews 
China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon 
Look, senile old people! Trump wants to take away your Social Security &amp; Medicare, but Biden does not. Stop voting against yourselves, you old fools! 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Coming up on #TDRlive: Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
@RepMarkMeadows @realDonaldTrump Guess who will never let it go... 
49ers' Jimmy Garoppolo reveals text from Tom Brady ahead of Super Bowl LIV #Mobcrush #Fortnite #Fortnitemobile #NintendoSwitch #Playstation #PlayStationPlus #XboxOne #XboxGamePass #xbox #XboxOneX #samsung #twitch #YouTube #pc #gaming #nfl #49ers 
I don't think Meghan or Harry have ever blamed racism that is the Media making that up. Thank God Meghan is away from her toxic family!!!! 
GOP senators to meet to discuss calling witnesses in Trump trial 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Looming Mideast peace deal amounts to Netanyahu-Trump pact, experts say 
So... For the prosecution @GOP stuck their fingers in their ears. But for Trump's lawyers they are all ears. Aside from obvious prior bias, @SenateGOP act like children and @senatemajldr smirks about it. @JohnRoberts_CJ 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
McConnell says GOP doesn’t have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Sen. John Kennedy says Senate impeachment trial could last 'through April or May' if new witnesses are called 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Racist, hideous comments from Tlaib continue: Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Uh oh. 
I'll believe it when I see the vote, and let's hope its for more than just one witness. Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
2- Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
Trump unveils map of proposed State of Palestine #AAG #AAG2020 
Tweet from (@) (@) Tweeted: President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
It's just more Taqiya. She needs to go. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? . One hour 24 minutes. Where’s the rest! I’d like to know. Who else was there. 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton’s unpublished book? 
@BernieSanders likes the Soviet Union model. He and his family get rich while everyone else stands in bread lines. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Until next time... Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
The DNC is going to Screw #BernieSanders Again! #Bernie2020 #BernieSanders2020 @BernieSanders 
“I don’t consider them very serious injuries relative to other injuries that I’ve seen.” - Trump (i) Yeah Donnie? Seen a lot of war casualties have ya? STFU #DraftDodgerInChief. 😡 
I really wonder why people do things like this. What makes them such ... fuckers. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Wow. A large number of Republican voters acknowledge he is a criminal and yet still want her m to stay in office. 
- McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied. 
@senatemajldr @GOP @SenateGOP @ Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch @ 
Im noticing a lot more minorities at these rallies, are they finally waking up to the disappoints the Democrats have been to them how they enslaved them for the past 50 years? Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@SenateGOP But he doesn’t know him, right??? Corrupt sycophants. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' / I want a close up of Don Lemon’s face the night it is announced that President Trump won his re-election bid by a Landslide! 
FOX NEWS: Car thief locks himself inside car, is 'saved' by police Car thief locks himself inside car, is 'saved' by police At least he got the breaking IN part right. FOX NEWS 
Joe Scarborough: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
"Senator Elizabeth Warren talks with Rachel Maddow about how her campaign is picking up the slack while she is in Washington for the Donald Trump impeachment... 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
A refreshing change &amp; breathe of fresh air for OUR White House. WH isn't an office for the mafia and local crime syndicates 
@Shem_Infinite Well damn... 
Health and Human Services is on it. Hopefully, they will be able to enter China and do some good. 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
So this is the way @TheDemocrats play games with American citizens? Rattle @POTUS Against his own @VP. Admittedly by the creator himself. #ImpeachmentHearings #PenceKnewEverything Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January While grew 28 percent compared to the previous year among total viewers, liberal cable networks MSNBC and CNN both saw declines. 
🤔Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
If the black people of America can demand and remove the statues of their supposed oppression, why cant Israel ask that this Al Aqsa mosque be removed?. a Muslim Invasion built it ? JLN 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" I have a new respect for Romney for having integrity&amp;honor. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation. Bolton is a disgrace to our country! Private conversations with the president and his advisers are now being weaponized. The office of the president is under assault and must be protected. AG Barr must act! 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
"5 pro tips to speed up your old computer" FOX NEWS 
Our President on the Move Again! Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally | 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
I do not accept a 2 state "Peace Plan" Israel belongs to the Lord ...Never Divided Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
.@AriMelber breaks down key moments from the opening arguments by House managers during President Trump’s impeachment trial 
@mgrant76308 Bolton lies DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Do surgical masks protect against coronavirus? NO won’t stop the virus!fitting not secure enough. They are designed 4 close encounters during surgeries. Wear a scuba mask with proper filter u may be lucky! Eating dogs &amp; live monkey brains! Crazy Chinese 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Where are all the “feminists” ? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change @JoeBiden loses it again and @TomSteyer ripped off millions of Americans and has no room to talk 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
#CNN #TulsiGabbard #MSM #CorruptDemocrats @TulsiGabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCollins @senatemajldr @WhiteHouse Assholes in the @GOP Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Now Trump wants to do away with people's retirement they worked their whole lives for. Vote this sick person out of office. 
They are more afraid of HIM than the thousands of sharia law Muslims living amongst them - I think not! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
"Great Britain to use Chinese telecom giant Huawei despite US concerns" FOX NEWS 
Coronavirus outbreak in China shuts Hong Kong Disneyland 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
This is the most amazing interview. Whether #frump knows it or not, whether #frump accepts it or not he is so SCREWED! #rachelmaddow a women, "BOOM" is the catalyst to bringing his stupid behind down. Rachel is on her "JOB"! I'm doing my #happydance! 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
@SenatorCollins My statement on your lies and your own hypocrisy..you were never who we thought you were 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
@AuntieSkeleton @chavierxarlot @ashrod1987 @thedailybeast And in reality - 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Get your heads out of your a$$e$! 
Schiff - a PROVEN SERIAL LIAR - is HIMSELF unbelievable in ANY regard, PERIOD! All and any outrage by anyone toward this idiot is therefore fully explained and justified on THIS FUNDAMENTAL GROUND! He MUST GO!!! 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
“Do you want to end GOP corruption? Decarbonize. #Russia, #TheMiddleEast, so much of the horrible corruption, violence and murdering, so many wars, come down to fossil fuels. #RenewableEnergyTransition can fix much of the corruption! 
@Steve_Sailer Providing health insurance to illegal immigrants could cost up to $23 billion a year, study finds. 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
Need I say more. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says | 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
If businesses were smart they would’ve pulled out of California long time ago-California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@cactus4earth @MoveOn @BernieSanders No, babe. The only fake candidate is the millionaire who in 3 decades as senator has passed 7 bills, falls asleep at his job, has dark money support, and claims that his fundraising is pure. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@ANimbleNavi @Kick8ack @JamieSkella @t_b_b_s @naval It's not even close. Bro, educate yourself. 
@RepAdamSchiff Yeah, well, the DOJ is already out saying Bolton lied: DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador #foxandfriends #foxnews #tcot 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP 
@TrumpIsGuiltyAF @HKrassenstein Here is the segment from Rachel Maddow 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Time for a “flying Ginsu”. Less expensive than a $5mil reward. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
ATTN: #2A Supporters!!! Flip this poll!!! 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
“In the early 2000s, Nuru was accused by Public Works whistleblowers of misappropriating public funds and replacing city workers with employees from a nonprofit he previously led.” In San Francisco, this is NOT a disqualifier for Public Works head 🤔🙄 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted | 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
I don't expect anything less from any mussie! 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
#Polls show #Americans want to hear from #ImpeachmentWitnesses #News #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #Senate 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court #He murdered his wife, so let the coward die. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Al Sharpton tells Chris Matthews that the recently released tapes by Lev Parnas are "bad news" for Trump. 
Harvard Law School Professor @tribelaw tells @Lawrence that senators must vote for witnesses to ensure a fair trial, and that to acquit Trump on the Dershowitz defense would set a terrible precedent for future presidents and the country. 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Behind the fight: most wanted female terrorist lives freely in Jordan despite U.S. extradition request 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff “ predictions are danger, and especially when they are about the future “..thanks CNN , I wasn’t quite sure what a prediction was until this segment..guess I can throw my liberal English dictionary out now.. 
@HardballChris Matthews, Dems and left are so desperate. Just like they were with Blasey Ford and all women "must be believed", will we hear next that Dem impeachment managers MUST be believed. They'll say anything out of desperation to get power back. 
How can anyone listen to this and still support Trump? #Yovanovitch #Ukraine #Russia #ComplicitGOP #MoscowMitch #FossilFuels 
Senate Dem weighs possibility of Biden for Bolton 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
The more things change the more they... What I meant to say is, #BernieSanders is gettin' screwed again. 
Sen. Cornyn says President Trump's legal team was 'precise and persuasive' | 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Seems like this is much more legitimate issue than BS antitrump spewing. Actual suppression. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just. Why would the Palestinians reject this deal? It gives them their own state, their own opportunities, and peace? What the Hell do they want? War? 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law no mojo again, shifty... 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
@benjaminwittes @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @RadioFreeTom @CortesSteve @ Here's the link. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so And you won't be re-elected! #Takeoutthenationaltrash #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor. Hmmm, Interesting.🤥🤑🤥isn’t the OMB just call that they found a criminal aspect a standing law that was broke during the Ukraine deal. 🗝🤥💩👎🏻💧💧💧💧💧🌎💧💧💧💧💧💧 
Sen. Tester now backtracking on Bolton-Biden swap...after Biden gets cold feet....VERY cold feet. #MTPol #Impeachment 
Sen. Klobuchar responds to reports that senators have been caught sleeping during President Trump's impeachment trial: "I just don’t know why they would have this job and come here if they’re not going to protect the Constitution." 
Flash top entertainment headlines for Jan. 28 | 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Impeachment trial is a 'dynamic' situation for GOP senators 
Americans has the right to see witness and hear testimony’s and see documents @realDonaldTrump Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine @NBCNewsHealth 
---- THE POLLS- IT'S HIS BASE'S PASSION THAT YOU NEED TO MEASURE - FROM WHERE I AM I AM UNSURE WHETHER THE DEMOCRATS HAVE THE SAME PASSION FOR JOE BIDEN 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' CNN is discriminating 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' #a6f736e59b4f56d889cbe440e3eb31cd #foxnewsmediafoxnewsflash 
As usual, Tucker is right on the money ---Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters🇺🇸 
@IlhanMN Really? Dreams? I paid my school debt!! How stupid are you? Nothing is for free! I’m not paying for people to go to college for free! Are you going to pay my mortgage? 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Typical corrupt liberals. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
MLK Jr. Day.....Ifill: Kellyanne Conway's excuse for Trump not observing MLK day 'embarassingly incompetent' 
Part of the problem is that far-right Republicans, including Marsha Blackburn, are again trying to smear Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, a decorated war hero. The other part of the problem is why they're trying to smear him. 
Jesse Watters praises Trump attorney Bondi's 'meticulous' Hunter Biden argument: 'It doesn't look good for Joe' | 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters BREAKINGGGG NEWSSSS POLLS BEING SEVERELY HACKED LATEST SUDDEN UNEXPECTED SHIFTS EXACTLLLLLY LIKE VOTINGMACHINES FAKE RESULTS 
It'sa starting to snowball, Baybee! &lt;3 
@TheRickWilson This is a blue state: 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
LATEST: Coronavirus death toll spikes to 106 in China as U.S. plans to evacuate citizens from Wuhan. 
@SenateGOP @Senate @Congress @CongressGOP @SenMajLdr @GOP @@FoxNews @ABC @CBS @CNN @ @CNBC @NBC ***Senator Angus King On Trump Impeachment: This Is More Serious Than I Thought. WE SAY: LET THERE BE 4 WITNESSES! DOCUMENTS! GO ANOTHER WEEK! 
Texas police ID man seen on surveillance rescuing baby from El Paso Walmart shooting 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
"Republican state AGs make a curious case against Trump's impeachment" 
@jim_ohh @CathyMartin7 @HeathMayo This take by @CathyMartin7 – that the discussion was around firing, not anything more – is consistent with the conversation starting at around 42:05, where POTUS says, among other things, "kick her out," and everything he and others say pertains to firing? 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Then GOP does not have the votes to hold the Senate! If they were all giddy about what will happen to the #Demoncrats, they ain’t seen nothing yet! 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered @wessexarch 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight. 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn't want a fair trial 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy 
I hope our next POTUS, @BernieSanders, manages to not be assassinated for at least a few year after he's elected! I have never been this excited for an election before, and I'm about 50 years old! I wonder who he'll pick for VP? #Sanders2020 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 | 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@JW4081 @oliverdarcy @KatiePavlich @BretBaier @seanhannity "Overall, 45 percent of voters approve of Trump’s job performance and 54 percent disapprove. Last month it was 45-53 percent." - FOX Nooze 
.@’s newest podcast, “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris, is about what it takes to win the nomination. First 2 episodes out Monday. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
@thehill @RepMikeJohnson In your dreams. While you are at it, listen to this 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@blompf2020 Women's rights are being advanced thanks to your extreme monitoring measures. 
Audio%252520appears%252520to%252520show%252520Trump%252520ordering%252520removal%252520of%252520Amb.%252520Yovanovitch 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Barbara Boxer: Trump's legal team seems unprepared 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' Following John Bolton's confirming a quid pro quo, Romney expresses interest in bringing him in as witness and says it's "increasingly likely" other GOP Senators would join in 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza I love Pres. Trump!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yesterday, President Trump presented his Middle East peace plan alongside Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The plan calls for a two-state solution including the state of Israel and the “future” state of Palestine with a capital in East Jerusalem. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@donlemon TO LATE !!!! No One Believes You Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
The “Religion of Peace” abusing women again. Islam has no place in any civilized country. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SpeakerPelosi 
#Trump lawyer #JaySekulow said #Senators should NOT pry #ImpeachmentHoax trial wide open just because of #NYTimes article on #JohnBolton’s manuscript &amp; argued the manuscript should be #inadmissible in #Dems #ImpeachmentTrialSham. #KAG 🇺🇸 #Trump2020 🇺🇸 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments And immaterial 
From Discover on Google 
WATCH: Sen. Minority Leader Schumer says public pressure has already affected the impeachment trial and he is "very hopeful that what happened last night will move the public and they will move some Republican senators in our direction." 
Recalling the time @ referred to any Democrat lawmaker as far left, liberal, progressive, socialist... Oh, my bad. That never happens. #JournalismIsDead These GOP reps are conservatives, very much mainstream Republican. 
In which both John Kelly and are about to be accused of joining the radical liberal socialist deep state. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Outrageous 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
Deja vu. The Bernie campaign screw job begins. Hope all the Bernie Bros are paying attention. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses @SenAlexander 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
WATCH LIVE: Trump, Netanyahu announce Mideast peace plan 
This lady is racist she is anti American. I hope this lady can find her way out of our congress. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Texas police ID man seen on surveillance rescuing baby from El Paso Walmart shooting 
@GOP You are destroying our country and any trust that Americans have in you as a public servant to keep a criminal liar and thug in office so he can continue to abuse the office for personal gain. #GOPCowards 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | #WalkAway 
@pryboy @samstein Rudy was the only way he ultimately got her gone. Lev spilled the beans. And the tape. And more to come. Pompeo might drop with a coronary before this is all over. 
@marcorubio No, this is diabolical... 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters | 
Hasn't the 🍊 #traitorInChief #criminalInChief #moroninchief #nutJobInChief #RussianAsset effectively self #impeached himself? "Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Full Trump-Parnas tape out on @ (video &amp; audio) A lengthy audio recording released by Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev #Parnas, appears to show a 2018 dinner at which Donald #Trump interacts with donors and supporters, including Parnas. @maddow 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ Democrats just use the words..."cheat", but they NEVER give an example. Pres. Trump doesn't have to cheat! 
Supreme Court appears likely to allow public funding for religious schools 
#TuesdayThoughts Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
2021 Cadillac Escalade getting hands-free Super Cruise driving aid - 
"Would u make voting mandatory?" "This country is about enabling our freedoms and it doesn't seem appropriate to say you're not free not to vote... hahahahaha" @marwilliamson was right, Yang's chuckle, really is a shining light in these times. 😆 
#GovJimJustice WTF is wrong with you telling counties in Virginia to secede to W. VA if they don’t like their liberal state. You better watch it because the liberals are coming for your state too then where are you going to move? 😂 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
#Trump maintains strong approval ratings with #GOP ahead of 2020 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology this story is all over the place now. #FoodWorldOrder 
@bdelco58 @PhilMurphyNJ @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @TeamTrump @sweetmak @TWITMO_INMATE @sh_irredeemable @DavidJHarrisJr @parscale @TerrestrialTwit @BBoopsieUSA @EricTrump Pelosi....She doesn’t care.... She’s a fake catholic that coordinated with an 18 billion investment in the #resistance by a guy that both denounced God and confiscated Jewish property for the Nazi’s ...65 million #HateTrump dolts ate too blind to see 
New evidence calls for answer on cancelled Pence Ukraine trip 
NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
John Sununu says Mitt Romney is being influenced by his personal dislike for President Trump #AAG #AAG2020 
Plans, ABC🙄. The only plan is to vote to acquit. Stop legitimizing this farce by dragging it out! You’re either on the Trump bus or prepare for defeat in November. GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Hey Nancy you have a lot more pressing issues IN YOUR DISTRICT!!!! 
needs repeating here is a man on the verge of tears fighting for the preservation of our Republic. a man of passion, intelligence &amp; patriotism the likes we may never see again, should this president be permitted to take us out. 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily 
This is news? This arrogance illustrates Lib / media’s true identity and how they would behave if allowed to run the country... 
Grow some backbone Senators! At some point in time we could expect to have a bad president. That time has come. You're not changing an election, you need to correct the... 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
Sen. Scott: I believe we'll see no witnesses 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
@WhiteHouse Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Hey Democrats this is going to be fun 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation | 
“Under no circumstances should the nation’s chief diplomat shout obscenities at a professional journalist who was doing her job... For him to suggest that Americans don’t care about Ukraine...added insult to injury.” 
@RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @CortesSteve @ This was awesome! @DavidJollyFL just laying it out in plain language at 4:30: 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
OMG people (I'm talking to you, @GOP) this #Unfit president needs to go. "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@MarshaBlackburn He should take this back, right? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Dersh’s explanation of the Constitutional law IS THE ONLY RELATIVE argument. The chgs are NOT impeachable offenses, not even close 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
WE AGREE! Chris Matthews says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
@MobBossTrump @peace1 Joe: A confederacy of dunces is defending Trump: 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Narcissistic much? Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him 
@realDonaldTrump And the entire @SenateGOP should watch this... #LevRemembers #LevParnas #LevSpeaks #LEVidence #LevParnasAudio 
"This was about a political operative doing the work of the president as his personal lawyer and the work being for the political, personal benefit of the president as opposed to in the interest of national security," Sen. Harris says of Rudy Giuliani. 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
@MarshaBlackburn this one's for you... 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Explaining why he was so pleased with the start of his impeachment trial, Donald Trump said, "Honestly, we have all the material. They don't have the material." It's worth considering what in the world that means. 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
@senatemajldr News @senatemajldr 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Should anybody be surprised? 
Biden Stumper. We remember Lurch. 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected @karoun 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
America's top 5 deadliest cities All run by democrats 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
@MouktarAlbert Her last election was in 2014. She's up for re-election this year. It's quite likely she WILL lose this time. Even many Republicans are working against her. ➡️But then, if you really were informed, you would have already known that. 
@SF_Conservative @hrtablaze I'm sure the 350 tax bill they just implemented isn't gonna help 😂 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme #PenceKnew #ImpeachPence #CriminalCoConspiratorPence 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid #BoltonMustTestify 
Joe: GOP still refuses to protect U.S. from Russian interference 
Kristin Tate says Republicans may lose Texas 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight … where congressman flipped to red … 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Tyrants deliberately create chaos, then offer their brand of authoritarianism (socialism, religious extremism, fascism) as solution. Boudin is American communist royalty, and a Rhodes Scholar. He was offered the Marshal as well - like Rachel Maddow btw. 
@SenateGOP Putin cheers loss of global position by US... ...and Trump AND you all? AWOL! 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Watch out for the speeding wiener. #OscarMeyer #hotdog #speedy 
Klobuchar: Bloomberg should be on debate stage so 'voters can evaluate him' 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters (Note to @finneyk who sneered when @krystalball said Bernie did well with Black voters... but also Bernie has more women supporters than anyone else) 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate “Trump's impeachment defense is based on the idea that he simply did not do what he's accused of doing. John Bolton appears to have first-hand knowledge that the defense is a lie.” @ 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments Perfect 
Here it is folks, the tape of Trump. "Take her out." Sounds like a mob hit to me. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
Go 
Oh! A poll! #2AShallNotBeInfringed #Grammys2020 😂 #concealedcarry 
She a jewish racist hater, vote her out of office Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
The most glaring problem with yesterday’s proceedings was Trump’s lawyers’ willingness to brazenly lie, repeatedly, about matters large and small. They lied about the House process; they lied about Robert Mueller’s findings; ... 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
McConnell changes direction (at least a bit) on impeachment trial Putin sycophant 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base #coronavirus @lookner 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested How is a man like this in charge of any govt position? 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Garden State native Kellyanne Conway: 'South Jersey is Trump country' 
#2ndAmendment Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? #guns #2A41A 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Sen. Sanders leads Democratic field in New Hampshire 
Back to news...hear what she says about Trump making it legal for bribery with foreign countrys while saying hes against corruption-a lol joke in itself-SC Does this- when they do something ILLEGAL -they go in change laws after the fact &amp; make it LEGAL 
Military contractor awarded compensation for burn pit exposure while deployed in Iraq 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
The Constitution is on @realDonaldTrump’s side, the law is on his side, the facts are on his side, &amp; the majority of the senate should also be on his side. In a non-partisan, genuinely fair world, the vote would be 100-0 to acquit and end this sham. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight👊🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
There should a travel ban from Asia due to the coronavirus. As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
The disgusting Don Lemon folks.... Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Rapper Lexii Alijai's cause of death revealed How could you possibly call this an accident when you know full well how dangerous this drug is. If you make the choice to take it you take it at your own risk. 
When you claim to be pro-life, but that’s just a lie to limit Tennesseans’ freedoms. The hypocrisy is real. 
"Hosting a Super Bowl party? Here are 6 tips for cleaning up when it's over" FOX NEWS 
The country was in a ditch once Trump took office. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
His side doesn't have anything except a bunch of incompetent jerks who do nothing but tell lies. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich There is not 1 Socialist/Communist leader in any nation who is not stinking rich and whose people are not poor. Bernie follows that long tradition 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt That’s means witnesses? Good Go FAST 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
@HouseDemocrats looks like another dem failure in the feces state. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
The feud between Trump, Bloomberg heats up 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
#RandPaul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming #Trumpfamily: 'They ought to sue him' 
GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: ‘To me they look embarrassed’ 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters This will be seen over and over during campaign season. Condescending, elitists will give ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ the next election as well. 
.@HallieJackson: "There is a full court press this morning working to discredit the president's former national security adviser." 
Rep. Denny Heck: Bidens not on trial, ‘Donald J. Trump is on trial’ 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial | #HowCorruptIsTheGOPSenate??? ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@SenateDems⁩ What will it take to #PreventMoscowMitchsCoverUp 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
TODAY: @’s latest podcast, “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris, is about what it takes to win the nomination. 6 episodes. 6 themes that separate winners from losers. Listen to the first two episodes now. #SYWBPRES 
He should have won... but it might also get him shot here in California where Whites are vilified, only Black Lives Matter &amp; only criminals have guns 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
I don't understand how anyone , thinks him hating and taking everything from people...is so "Righteous!! He's pure evil and sin and laughs about it, while his... 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court DNR 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' When you act and think like a criminal. #MAGA2020 by #impeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #EnemyOfThePeople #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #GOPComplicitTraitors 
One can only hope there is some consequence. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Does your father and your wife think POTUS is a good person to support? 75% of people think there should be witnesses. 
Sen. Scott: I believe we'll see no witnesses 
What's Eating America: A New Limited Series on with Andrew Zimmern 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' . Wonderful performances Mr. Starr. 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Schiff claims (duh, he's guilty) Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children Time to hold these people accountable for disrupting our government. 
I can’t believe this day has come. I’m actually rooting for Mitt Romney. 
Constitution be damned! @SenMikeLee @SenFeinstein @SenSusanCollins @lisamurkowski Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Excerpt: Sherrilyn Ifill, president and director-counsel at the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, talks about the peril to democracy in the United States if Donald Trump is allowed to get away with his executive privilege claims. 
Tuesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.28.20 
Not Surprised these assholes caved : McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
#LevParnas (whom #Trump "doesn't know") in a recording with Trump at Trump's private townhouse, proves Trump ordered Parnas (whom he "doesn't know") to "take out"/"get rid of" #MarieYovanovitch. Because he "doesn't know Lev Parnas." #RemoveandIndictTrump 
@SteveScalise @realDonaldTrump @SteveScalise You’re delusional... As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Magnitude 7.7 #EARTHQUAKE strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
#MayaWiley: #SenateTrial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the #Constitution #TrumpRemovalTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #TrumpImpeachment #GOPCoverup #GOPCorruptionOverCountry @SenateGOP @GOP #Resistance #VoteBlue #Occupy 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution #SmartNews 
#Schiff #hit on #points that are #really, really #HardToDeny: Tester #News #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #Senate 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
on sabbatical from Infowars please yell at tonight also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #BigData #DesignThinking @FearRTs #HR @BlazedRTs #ImWithHer #DesignSprint #NonExecs #ServiceDesign #Jobs #Eris @FlyRts #AI #TrenRoca #AmWriting 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC | 
President's lawyer lays out impeachment defense 💩 
Chuck Rosenberg on reports that Senate GOP may attempt to "trade" John Bolton's testimony for that of Hunter Biden: "You don't trade relevant witnesses for irrelevant witnesses...You don't trade relevant witnesses for relevant witnesses. You don't trade." 
Gianna Bryant, 13, is among the dead in the helicopter crash that has killed her father, Kobe Bryant, and others. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Just hand them to the 1%, give them tax breaks for ceo bonuses, all on the backs of poor &amp; middle class; thereby big campaign donations to fkn tRump!! Wake the f up ⁦@GOP⁩ !! /In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas," Trump told the group. "We're going to change that." Watch: 
America's top 5 deadliest cities | 
@TuckerCarlson: Impeachment is all that matters in the media and important stories are being ignored. Why? 
Where he would instantly perjure himself and look like a "goddamn dumbbell" while the whole world watches. His lawyers know it and would never let him testify, no matter how many times he insists he'd be a "good witness." #IMPOTUS #BoltonMustTestify 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
not just remove him but rebuke this abomination Heretic 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case | 
Lankford, Blackburn react to witness battle | 
Banned in UK for stating those dangerous views in the Bible that were accepted as good and moral for over 2 millennia. What happens when progressive 'morality' goes unchecked. @GoogleNews 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Thoughts ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ .?? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
Varney makes bold prediction ahead of Iowa caucuses: 'Huge problem for the party' 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
Lowlife Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
“We should all want to know the truth.” Tennessee voters speak to @CalNBC as the state's two senators strike different tones on impeachment. 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case | 
Crazy how these cities are all run by #Democratic party #NewOrleans #BatonRouge #Detroit #Baltimore #StLouis Why continue 2 vote them in? Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
Watch live: Senate impeachment trial of President Trump 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
I say go for it and watch Governor Black Face have 💩fit when you do. 
@wardelliott9 @TheronC @justinamash @Kokomothegreat You mean like this? They reported on it,multiple times, you just don't watch "letfist trash" Right? Get fucked Elliot, your world views are outdated and mostly just plain wrong. 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Republicans acknowledge Trump broke law and don't care 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide | 
Being stubborn does not benefit anyone. 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga 
he’s lost his wits 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Oh oh, more Dem division!😁 Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees. 
Newt Gingrich claims House Democrats are looking for a way out of Trump impeachment 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
@realDonaldTrump Lev Parnas says hello! 
@philosophrob @dystopian63 The real question is, why isn't anybody tweeting about THIS!! 
78000 homeless people on the streets of New York this is so sad we have to quit throwing money at the problem and find a fix. What the Trump administration is doing to help the NYC homeless crisis 
For all the devotes, and we all know most of the Trumpians are, take heed to Judge Andrew Napolitano! 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede Well that would be more like returning home. Kinda. 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga | Video 
PUTIN COULD BE DIRECTING TRUMP ON WITHOLDING MILITARY AID Kremlin ecstatic as the U.S. President assists in Russia’s war effort against Ukraine. Removing Ambassador Yovanovitch in 2018, was his first directive. This recording proves, he was all in! 
Politics Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Excellent to know. KAG. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
oh ffs 
"It was relentless and comprehensive...meticulous and coordinated," Brian Williams says of Democrats' remarks during Pres. Trump's Senate trial. "It was produced like a newscast, with video and graphics. It was repetitive at times, and emotional at others" 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Hey America, If Communist Democrat in Congress have their way this will soon be in America. I am sure it already is in some parts of America. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@BernieSanders @AOC Thank u 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
‘Take her out’: Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador’s firing 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
HEGXIT MEGXIT News — Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit - #HEGXIT #MEGXIT 
@lauferlaw @gtconway3d The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 📹 👉🏻 
Not justice 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
To all our podcast fans! Due to the proceedings tonight in the Senate, there will not be a podcast. But you can watch our clips analyzing today's events here: #11thHour 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
@IngrahamAngle: “Did the Democrats really think this was going to work? That they were going to be able to invalidate the last election and steal this next one by just simply citing public statements of former White House staffers”?!?! 
AIMS director Dr. Yasmin Hurd on CBD: “It doesn't make you high, but it has effects on multiple other chemicals in the body and in the brain. So, for example, in the brain, it can elevate chemicals that are important for regulating anxiety and mood.” 
St Louis, Baltimore , Detroit, New Orleans, Baton Rouge. America's top 5 deadliest cities | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Run by Dems 
@ @AriMelber Link is broken...use this one: 
ABC News has now released part of the audio recording that appears to show Trump ordering the removal of Marie Yovanovitch. @maddow played that clip and discussed it with an attorney for Lev Parnas. 
@brianbuck504 @MSNBC New figures show was the No.1 most-engaged news organization on social channels in the world in 2019, with more than 19 billion multiplatform views for the year, up 12% from 2018. 
As usual #chinese government being the little ..... Come on #china! #coronoavirus 
Anyone know SM handle of “ex-GOP consultant” Rick Wilson? If so can they PLEASE tell him to stop referencing ANYTHING to do with “GOP” as his “expertise”! Obviously, a planted 🕵️‍♀️ RINO for DNC! Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@CNN panel mocks @realDonaldTrump supporters – Anchor (@donlemon) who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that "It was almost like CNN was trying its best to create a clip Trump could use in an ad to win his second term." 
The most brilliant closing statement in Senate Impeachment Hearings, probably ever heard ! 
@EngineDaveTTV @AndyOstroy @realDonaldTrump Check the website and get back to me... 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
"Poll: Americans see Republicans putting party over country" 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Indeed! 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Get ready Dems. This is what you'll be facing in November. Good luck. 🤣🤣🤣😎 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
A tribute to Trump’s deal-making: “This is the first time Israel has agreed to a Palestinian state with defined borders.” 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops 
Lawsuit moves forward "[Don Lemon] put his hand down the front of his own shorts, and vigorously rubbed his genitalia, removed his hand and shoved his index and middle fingers into Plaintiff's mustache and under Plaintiff's nose,"  
@Avaaustin16 @KamVTV @AlanDersh @SenateGOP Impoundment Control Act. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
BAM! Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@AdamSchiff⁩ #ImpeachThis. #ShamPeachment #✌🏻❤️🇺🇸TRUMP2020 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Our witnesses are Schiff, Hunter Biden, Jo Biden, and the whistleblower. Their witnesses will be John Bolton.... Pres Trump exert executive privileges. Their witnesses are tie up in court while the Dems witnesses are sitting duck. Pledge 1 -5 amendments? 
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe It’s not that easy to lie to the American people anymore with technology? Is it! Transparency actually means something. 
Only one state has two cities in the list of five deadliest cities America's top 5 deadliest cities 
#YangGang @KatyTurNBC Was very fair here so let's give her some #YangGangLove. Forgive the past and look to having a brighter future where they give us the same coverage that Klobochaur and Buttigieg get's. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that ⁦@donlemon⁩ A Shit Stain in underwear is where we put you Lemonaide. Racist fucking AA. Pot calls the kettle black 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate #Yes #yes #yes 
Indian man convicted in call-center fraud case scamming Americans out of millions And @POTUS wants to bring in hundreds of thousands H-1B visa workers from none other than India. ⁦@AnnCoulter⁩ ⁦@RepGosar⁩ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary it is pretty obvious, human rights are not important to them. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight | Eat your dumb Communist hearts out @AOC ⁦@SenSanders⁩ ⁦@ewarren⁩ 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Well said @laralogan! Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
@realDonaldTrump Here you go, you are the witness. 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Tulsi Gabbard reignites Hillary Clinton feud over 'Russian asset' remark | 
Regarding new developments that Sen. Mitch McConnell may not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial, Chuck Schumer says "I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play." 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', 'made points for us' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
From Discover on Google 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
Democrats argue their case to remove President Trump . GOOD SYNOPSIS BY RACHEL MADDOW - making it weird that Repugs aren't outraged at Trump's behaviors &amp; crimes! 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 🤣🤮🤣🤮 Snowflake parade 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Biden’s rudeness is exceeded only by his arrogance. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trust the plan. Gods plan. #QAnon McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@Ghousertatt @Arriadna Thank you! Now we can talk! Yes, it was, problem is, they were being held back in Syria, and now they are getting more control after losing control and focusing on Iran. Granted, this is something we all need to work on together. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | HAHA 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | #mtpol 
Barbara Boxer calls McConnell's impeachment rules proposal 'a disgrace' 
How much you want to bet he is a Democrat. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight @GOPChairwoman @senatemajldr @realDonaldTrump @SenatorCollins @SenatorMenendez @SenatorBooker @SenateGOP @NJGOP 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
This explains a lot. Smh 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #FoxNew 
@MartelStacie @Dexter32714939 @cupidzclozet @TheClearCider @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump And how do you defend Trump when the same man who released the audio, provided evidence of helping trump surveliance an American citizen/government official? If disapproving of the president warrants that majority of our citizens are being watched rn 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' | 
Kobe Bryant petition to change NBA logo to late NBA legend receives more than 1 million signatures 
Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad 
Wiener of a story 😀 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Polls show, overwhelmingly, Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. Vote out every federal legislators who cover for Trump. #OneVoice1 #VoteTheRedOut #Election2020 #VoteBlue #GOPVotingBlue 
.@MaddowBlog: Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Pres. Trump. 
@ABCPolitics Well Jay...@JaySekulow, do you believe General John Kelly or is he a liar also since he won't back your god? 
Chris Matthews: If I were a Republican, I’d ask, ‘What happened to my god damn party?’ 
@ @SenSchumer praises @RepAdamSchiff for holding @GOP rapt, convincing public @ @maddow 
#Breaking: #Bolton's team believes #WhiteHouse made #SingleCopy of #BookManuscript #News #FormerAmbassador #JohnBolton #Book #Trump #TrumpLies #TrumpAdministration #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrail 
@realDonaldTrump No! The #TrumpTaxScam raised my #taxes. And I had to give up #bacon #BBQribs because the regulations have changed for processing #pork. 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
favors for autocrats. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested If this is how we get them out of office, SO BE IT! #MohammedNuru ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ 
Income inequality growing despite strong economy 
Ben Rhodes: Giuliani associate shows ‘abnormal corruption’ of Trump admin. 
@POTUS Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial NOT ENOUGH! 2/3 of Senate required to impeach President = 66-2/3 Senators. 19-2/3 Republicans would need to vote with DEMONCRATS to impeach. 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims | One sure way to know if something is true is if Trump vehemently denies it. 
.@JoeNBC says Rep. Schiff's speech was a "virtuoso performance" yesterday during opening arguments at the Senate impeachment trial. 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Trump lied about no injuries in Iran's retaliatory air strike. Disrespects our injured soldiers by claiming that brain injuries are not a serious thing. #TrumpLiesMatter #IranStrike 
@RashidaTlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after #BbloodLiibel retweet, DOESN'T APOLOGIZE 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary #virus #coronarvirues #coronarvirus 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan. 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
@ScottforFlorida @realDonaldTrump Watch this interview of Les Parnas. It will provide insight into more evidence regarding Trump's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
@aje221 @chancestryker1 @Breaking911 Deficit 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? Vote if you believe in the second amendment!! 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees The killary will strongarm the convention 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing ( or execution ) 
@SenateGOP NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought : Last minute Desperation from a Maine Liberal. 🤡 The Clown Train continues. 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran | 
There's an awkward question hanging over the impeachment trial: If compelling evidence falls in a GOP-led Senate, and Republicans don't want to consider it, does it really make a sound? The answer is, maybe. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Is ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ letting his personal feelings towards Trump cloud his judgement playing into DEMS hands? Nothing rises to level of impeachment and harmful to the country! John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@AmbJohnBolton Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book #WithdrawYourBook 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Nope. Just takin credit from others as usual 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
@rob_cash @TimHudson_24 @donlemon Uh wrong 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' , Better than that they need to hang him upside-down in the rotunda and let people walk by and punch him in the face. 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case | TRUE, it's because @theDemocrats are afraid Trump will get elected &amp; DEMS will be tossed to the curb HOPEFULLY FOR EVER 
@donlemon Don Lemon's sexual assault accuser says @CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' #MeToo 
Joy Villa wears pro-Trump gown to Grammys: 'Impeached and re-elected' 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
BONDY: “...Cooperating Witnesses.”🧐 (Cullinan💎’s in Trillions) #GABRIEL🌎#THOMPSONvAmeriflex👨🏽‍⚖️#Ford #Rosneft #Vtb🏦 #Chase #Lockheed #Northrop #BOEING #Gazprom⛽️ #DeutscheBank #BARCLAYS #CreditSuisse #ZALES💎#LondonSqMile🔥 #LucisTrustDIVESTITURE💵💷💶💴 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
2/ Nov 2019—Trump announced his repeal of all major Obama-era CWA that limited the amount of pollution &amp; chemicals in rivers, lakes, streams &amp; wetlands. More—Trump forced the EPA to limit Scientific evidence/facts used to write public health laws &amp; regs. 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
@mkraju has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
@realDonaldTrump "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
@Morning_Joe @amjoyshow #reiders #inners #ImpeachmentTrial Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme, but now are cowards and sellouts. 
Too Fly! 
Schumer says trumps children are...... 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
@Steven45Garrard @josh_hammer Your anger is the result of ignorance about the case. The prosecution's own expert witness determined that the local doctor's were wrong and that all of the "injuries" could have come from consensual sex. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Brilliant. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Politics Democracy 2020 Digest: Tulsi shreds on New Hampshire slopes -- WATCH 
@DomGreatand @depmillworks @tracybeanz Starr made a fool of himself, Dershowitz made a fool of anyone he convinced. Plenty of people remember Starr from the Clinton impeachment. 🤡 Dershowitz stood up as a representative for Trump and claimed he was impartial. 🤪 
@FeddiUp @mymindy @SenateGOP ...so why is the @Senategop so afraid to have a #FairTrial? #lastword #BoltonMustTestify #resist 
I have ever had a child and I pay school taxes in a country that does NOT tax religions ... This country grants citizens Freedom of Religion and has created a separation of State and Religion ... So I do NOT want my tax money to be used to support... 
Spain's Catalan separatists appear in regional parliament for first time since 2017 
"Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas" FOX NEWS #trends #Technology #foxnews #followme #Developer 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments. Good!!! 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
#21fd2a0494895621bb3fd62410facc35 Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
.@HallieJackson: "There is a full court press this morning working to discredit the president's former national security adviser." 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears This virus is real people like black plaque real 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump wraps up defense 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview Imagine being “punished” by Democrats for saving lives? 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Peter Schweizer hits #ElizabethWarren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics | 
.@realDonaldTrump tend to call people names that he knows he is. He's human scum and that's why he calls other people who don't agree with him that name. Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
the president may want people to believe he's "totally left it alone," but to the degree that reality matters, his White House budget plans have proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to Social Security. 
Nothing seems to matter with the Republicans! 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
@JoyAnnReid @MomRovin @LindseyGrahamSC Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
😳😳😳 Take him out! I thought he said he didn't know Parnas 😳🙄🙄 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Remember Schumer's warning..."6 days from Sunday to get back at you." Have we reached day 6 yet? McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Coffee + math= new way to make coffee? Mine tastes fine! 🤩🤣🤣🤣 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Buttigieg: Polls show I'm best to take on Trump 
Coming soon to a city near you. WAKE UP AMERICA! 
"A handful of Senate Republicans appear to be thinking along these lines." 
SHOOT THAT SHIT RIGHT INTO MY VEINS 
Israel offers peace. Palestinians: Violence! Death to Israel! Israel makes huge concessions. P: Violence! Death to Israel! Israel offers P statehood. P: Violence! Death to Israel! True partners. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied ADAM SCHIFF ISNT TRUMPS LAWYER 
Why Trump might not fight on executive privilege 
@sfpelosi Seems like the people whose voices you have tried co-opt don't share your views. 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial 
The disgraceful Don Lemon....another so called Journalist is disguise @CNN 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
This is how Bernie will win Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
THE PARTY OF FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY!. Ha! 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
THE CHINESE SPY WILL NEVER VOTE TO DISMISS, ITS A PLOY BY ———-&gt; Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Thanks Impeachment trial is a 'dynamic' situation for GOP senators 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. Leave a libTARD in charge, then file a charge(s). Never fails. Why would ANYONE vote Dimmocrat? 
#coronaviruses #CoronavirusOutbreak WUHAN CORONAVIRUS A plane carrying about 201 U.S. citizens evacuated from Wuhan, China has landed in the U.S. diverted Tuesday to California’s March AFB "for the logistics that they have," M @7NewsWatertown💩 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Corona 🍺🍺 founded in 1925 a 🐂 year. Corona was founded by Antonio Fernandez who was born in 1917,a 🐍 year. Corona virus started in an 🐂 Nation China from allegedly a 🐍. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@mmpadellan @Ericlover2 Witnesses in the House (Ari does a wonderful job plus clips of pertinent testimony) 
@IvankaTrump Meanwhile, @donlemon Lemon was served with the Sexual Assault complaint Wednesday and Soon To Be On National Sex Offenders List! Who Is IGNORANT? 
'Coup has started,' whistleblower's attorney said in 2017 posts calling for impeachment 
Keep voting in corrupt people like her so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says JUST DROP OUT ALREADY PETE 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan It's getting harder to even look at this Liar 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
ICYMI►Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Even #Coronavirus changed it's mind about going to San Fran. 
@ScottAdamsSays Is there anything they won't fuckin eat? (I only swear because I know you're from NY). WTF? 
Rep. Steny Hoyer, floats the possibility of bringing John Bolton to testify in the House if the Senate does not call impeachment witnesses. Former Indiana Congressman, @DavidMMcintosh says Democrats are just trying to prolong the process. 
Cruise lines continue to cancel departures from China amid coronavirus outbreak 
@dcexaminer @donlemon @TheRickWilson @WajahatAli @realDonaldTrump @donlemon now this is funny AF 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
Joe Biden: I have nothing to defend, this is all a game 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
They want to keep it "an ancient Chinese secret." China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won #CNN #MSNBC 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
"'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974" 
Senate GOP confident effort to shut down calls for witnesses, evidence will be 'victorious' Boy y'all sure don't pay much attention when you hold your hand up and swear to uphold the constitutional law. SHAME ON YOU. We pay your salaries. 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
From Discover on Google 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start 
Nikki and Brie Bella are pregnant and due less than two weeks apart: 'We both are shocked' 
@Alphabet_AB @therealjessz @joecamaro599 @RepAdamSchiff That once again has nothing to do with anything. Withholding aid approved by Congress is still illegal. 
Trump warns 2020 Dems that Bloomberg will turn his back on them 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@covaleonardo @JonathWebst Please watch, it may open your mind up about what “Democratic Socialism” really is. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Chris Evans, John Krasinski in hilarious Hyundai commercial for Sunday's game 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas - 
This would be good! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
@walterowensgrpa It can be very confusing and full of prappaganda. So I only go to one Wide World Web sight.... 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions protect American markets and people @realDonaldTrump 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
😍😍😍😍😍😍 I know we would all love to have our first white girl president but come on y’all 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Coal miners' struggle continues amid Trump promises, Democratic plans | 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Putin trumpets end of US world power, says Trump listens well 
@RepAndyBiggsAZ @Jim_Jordan @RepAdamSchiff @SenateGOP Schiff-Ukraine Connections Under Scrutiny 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
⁦@SenateGOP⁩ - idiots! When will you learn to stick together like Dems? You don’t do the job we want you to do-you lack a damn backbone! GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Bernie Sanders vs. Elizabeth Warren: How their socialist policies don't add up | 
"British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus' 
@RepAndyBiggsAZ @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
Scumbaggery at is deepest depths. Proud, @IvankaTrump? 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Lev Parnas's interview on maddow tonight is damning. He's an associate of Trump's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, and implicated Trump in a criminal extortion scheme. How can any Senator argue that we don't need a real trial with witnesses and documents? 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Feds charge 61 people in $300 million call center scam Another scam from India. How many are there! Stop importing criminals from foreign countries End H-1B visa Indian&amp;China who are ripping us off @POTUS @TuckerCarlson @LouDobbs @IngramAngle @CR 
Finding himself in a hole, Pinhead Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Go Tell It On The Mountain!!! Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
@tedcruz you are being disingenuous. You know very well no crime is necessary for impeachment. However, if it makes you feel better, here you go... #JohnBoltonMustTestify #CountryOverParty #GOPCoverup #DeadlineWH 
How many times did the #Whistleblower try to set up the president? How well does he know @HunterBiden? Why won't he testify in the #ImpeachmentHoax? Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Whoa....y'all went to the 'boro? City Cafe? Alright then 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" | Proving once more that he needs to be removed. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"With election-year implications, Supreme Court punts on ACA case" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight God Bless You President Trump America Stands With You ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 100% 🙏🏻🇺🇸☦️#KAG2020LandslideVictory 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
It's going to be a rough Thanksgiving at the the Romneys, isn't it, Ronna? @GOPChairwoman 
Definitely isn't suspicious at all..nah, they have nothing to hide. Umbrella bio-weapons lab in Wuhan...nothing to see here USA...move along. #CoronaCoverup China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Huh? GOP senator: New audio tape 'not really relevant' 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 😂😂🐶 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Progress? 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan. Pretending to be partisan? When? This jackass is clearly part of the partisan left wing media. It’s all a joke. 
OLDER Americans in our circles: you had better stay #woke and vote like your lives... 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Media Relations ratings 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views GOD’S TEACHINGS VS LGBT BELIEFS 
"'s Katy Tur joined Andrew Yang on day five of his 17-day Iowa bus tour. In an exclusive interview on his campaign bus, Yang told Tur that the mythical Republican-turned-Democratic voter isn’t mythical to his campaign." #YangMediaShoutOut @KatyTurNBC 
Not sure if @CNN @MSNBC or any other liberal (sham) news agency is aware of this...maybe the fake #MeToo movement can chime in...not holding my breath since they actually don't give a shit about women like they claim to - #LiberalsLoveIndonesia 
Venezuelans regret gun ban, 'a declaration of war against an unarmed population' | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
We’ll ever know what that pilot was thinking or the degree of pressure put on him to fly, but it’s a pretty safe bet at this point to say that there was no way that helicopter should’ve been in the air... 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary- 😳😳 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion Lev Parnas is a liar and a criminal! 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron | 
@WVGovernor please, just stop. 
Andrew McCarthy: Bolton blows up Trump Team's foolhardy quid pro quo defense 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
And liberals want to allow illegals with these beliefs into our country??? Hey they are for women's rights??? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
🤔 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
@realDonaldTrump Your buddy Lev 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | . These people who voted trump and do it again are screwed he lies at every turn him and ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ are gonna gut social security to pay for his tax cuts for the rich 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Rare? 🙄😳🙄 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views So much for freedom of dissenting speech! 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed #SmartNews 
Crazy. 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
US quietly sent $221M to Palestinians in Obama's last hours 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
County to County: Voters in Beaver County, Pa. talk to Stephanie Ruhle about impeachment 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Watch! Bombshell on @maddow .@josephabondy is the Attorney for #LevParnas who is very fortunate to have such representation: 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Kobe Bryant helicopter seen in the air shortly before crash, in newly emerged video 
Sonofabitch 
🚨🇺🇸🕊🤝🕊🇮🇱 Peace IS the prize Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Bernie eventually realizes the Dems like a rigged game: 
@BrandonStraka @donlemon Brandon, I hope you'll show this again with a before and after video of Lemon on 11/3/2020. I wonder how his disgusting assault case is going. Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
"Gladiators" behind John Bolton and John Kelly .... #witness #senatetrial 
In my lonely Twitter opinion I believe we ought to look at plan "C." Plan "C" is to use this opportunity to call lots and lots of witnesses to get as much government corruption in front of the voters as possible. What an opportunity! @findit89 
@RoyBlunt @BurrellCenter THIS IS A SMOKING GUN, BUD! 
In one tweet, Trump raised five complaints about the House impeachment process. Each one is the opposite of the truth. He's convinced himself that the House process was unfair, but he can't figure out why. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@HouseGOP⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ ⁦@SenToomey⁩ ⁦@RandPaul⁩ ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@ChuckGrassley⁩ 
@RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump @SCOTUSblog @Scotus @tribelaw @SenateGOP @CREWcrew @NormEisen @GOP @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @OfficeGovEthics @JRubinBlogger @TeamPelosi @gtconway3d @HouseGOP @Tam_Resist @jaketapper @BradMossEsq @BrianKarem @Doh_Doh_Burrd @AdamParkhomenko @sfpelosi @lauferlaw @mrbromwich @PeteButtigieg @HouseJudiciary @Rosie @SoyBoyManBun @joe_kidder2 @JAlessandra9 @lLadyBing @HamillHimself @howroute @HoodlumRIP @stonecold2050 @billyjack2016 @jasonbaum @1213Shane @freddyatton @davidhogg111 @David_Leavitt @DonaldJTrumpJr @SenatorCollins @TheDemocrats @RepSwalwell @RepKatiePorter Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees I can’t help but think stories like this are good for The Bern. 
When Fox does better reporting than MSNBCNN Sanders supporters fume as #Bernie Haters named to key Dem convention committees 
. @chrislhayes: "What I think people find so difficult to understand Republicans poo-pooing it is just for them to go through the motions of pretending they believe that the president acted in good faith. Everyone understands that's not what was going on" 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
@mmpadellan new evidence 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
LMAO Surprised anyone finally arrested. Dems talk helping, but they can't resist stealing. Hypocrites all. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
What is #DemocraticSocialism? 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
b informed - Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment | 
Donald Trump’s legal defense team will not deny Trump’s actions, just say they are not impeachable 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote Why can’t people see through these schemes? Information just happened to be leaked as trail is ongoing. How many times has these so called leaks happen at the best opportunity? Bolton was fired. 
Public corruption becoming more common... 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' #tcot 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | Video - 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
McConnell says #GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Does she own you? F#ck her. Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
PETER SCHWEIZER: How socialist @BernieSanders, family got rich off the taxpayer #tcot 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied He should be charged with a violation and considered for being disbarred. 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
@nytpolitics Here is why plan makes sense 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
JUST IN: Group of Republican senators have canceled a news conference on impeachment that was scheduled for 11:35 a.m. ET - @frankthorp 
Sen. Chris Van Hollen says Bolton claims are major test of whether senators want impartial impeachment trial #AAG #AAG2020 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Six RINO's that will not be re-elected if the screw with ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ on impeachment. ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ ⁦@LamarAlexander⁩ ⁦@CoryGardner⁩ ⁦@MarthaMcSally⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
GOP's Roy Blunt says a bit too much | LIt’s one thing for Democrats to denounce Republican indifference to the evidence; it’s something else for a member of the GOP leadership to effectively say Democratic assumptions are correct.” 
"Despite earlier controversy, Pam Bondi joining Team Trump" 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Satanic laws... Hell fire awaits these foolish jackasses Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@FloofSpikey @amjoyshow @maddow Did we talk about how to LISTEN to live for free? I find I almost never miss anything when I just listen (plus has video highlights usually a few hours later if you want to SEE something.) 
President Trump and climate change activist Greta Thunberg present starkly different visions of the challenges facing the Earth at the World Economic Forum in Davos on Tuesday. 
@SenatorCollins We need #WitnessesAndDocuments if the truth is to be known. 
A real mensch. Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Plane carrying #US evacuees from China amid #coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
WATCH: "Okay, Sen. Blackburn, I think you meant to criticize Donald Trump in that tweet," fmr. Sen. McCaskill says, excoriating Blackburn for her criticism of Lt. Col. Vindman. "Don't you lecture anybody about how patriotic a veteran like Vindman is." 
Joe: Rep. Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
HHS, CDC officials update US response to coronavirus outbreak, detail precautions Americans should take | 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment ⁦@Sen_JoeManchin⁩ This Is A Targeted Farce ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Did Nothing Wrong Virginia Call Your Rep 202-224-3121 No Witnesses ThisNeeds2ENDNow! 
@MadessThe @IvankaTrump #MAGA Elites? Open your eyes. 
#GoP don’t want to know this. will they continue to back an impeached president? will they continue to overlook the ‘not guilty’ president or senate blocking witnesses to be called, not releasing documents? 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Evidence of sheltered lives in a f---ed up society. Love to have these 3 over for a few cool ones. Afterwards would be unrecognizable to they mamas! CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
How are the allegations made by John Bolton affecting the White House's defense? @spettypi discusses on a new ep. of #ArticleIIPodcast. Listen and subscribe now. Apple Podcasts: Spotify: Google Podcasts: 
Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Ok, boomer. 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Senate GOP confident effort to shut down calls for witnesses, evidence will be 'victorious': NBC News' Geoff Bennett shares reporting from Capitol Hill, saying that Senate Republicans are expressing "growing confidence" that the Democrats effort to call… 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
My #Sheroes #ForThePeople on #ImpeachmentTrials Kasie Hunt’s exclusive interview with first-ever female impeachment managers 
@senatemajldr Nice video 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide #CNN #MSNBC 
Sounds like Feinstein's conscience says acquit, but her Dem side cannot stick to one decision, right or wrong. Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
@RealSaavedra @donlemon is a liar...ask Dustin Hice 
@QuinnipiacPoll Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at You poll also said Hillary will win . So I say BULLSHIT ! 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
.@FrankFigliuzzi1 breaks down why having John Bolton testify is "scaring" Republicans: "The only way you can refute Bolton is putting Trump on the stand. Let him explain what was going on." 
Why is that Democrats always act together while Republicans allow this sham to continue 
@realDonaldTrump The Mobster-in-Chief is lining his own pockets, the says "Who the Hell Cares?" about the rest of America. 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS vía 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
#heroes ! Crowd lifts SUV to save woman trapped after New York City crash | 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ @nbcnews 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House → 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
@pittman_george @petefrt @gatewaypundit Don La'moan is somewhat of a man about town and quite perverted. 
I like this story for a few reasons #FFC 
#grownassman Good point Chris!! Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
@RepDougCollins GOP witnessess did testify. The WB is protected under federal law. The WB offered to testify under oath like Trump did with Mueller. Republicans declined. 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
YEA FOR NEW JERSEY!!! 👍🏻❤️🇺🇸💙👏🏻 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses'. Thank You ⁦@MittRomney⁩ 
@ralphehanson A nasty truth about online news is that each version of a story is not saved, unlike w/newspapers. At during the Iraq war, we used the same lead story template for 12 months, updating it every few minutes. There's no way to track how we covered the story. 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB That's a law suit! 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
As long as Muslims allow or support Sharia Law, Islam cannot peacefully exist w/Christianity. Islam will not allow Muslims to assimilate. #WalkAway #FightBack Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | : since January 6 up to date 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
@TweetingYarnie @WoobieTuesday @BernieSanders Trump wasn’t the only one to cut food stamps. Obama and Joe Biden cut food stamps, too. We’re in a class war! It’s the billionaires vs us. Which side are you on? 
Sen. Schumer says 10-12 Republican senators "are in play" for witnesses!!! 
Before you embarrass yourself even actually listen to the entire 90 minutes of disturbing conversation @SenatorLankford Video result for parnas 90 minute recorded conversation1:23:18 Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
How will Trump's 'public charge' rule affect immigrants? | 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' You could have been a little more nicer about your exit. She was blindsided. Do you not see that? Sidekick or not. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@GOP **Breaking** It must be really bad when state TV shows more people want the corrupt regime out. How long will Obama's economy survive the punches from this corrupt and incompetent regime. 
"Republicans are meeting to decide if it is possible for them to not hear more about what happened and we are sitting here pretending ⁠there is something normal about what is going on." 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
The author of Clinton Cash, on how Bernie made his wife Jane rich #GoogleBernie 
VOTE AOC AND OTHERS LIKE HER OUT!!! Ocasio-Cortez rips 'shameful' Supreme Court ruling allowing 'public charge' immigration rule 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
@Education4Libs You know what to do patriots. 
🔴🔵Great points from our .⁦@POTUS⁩ WH counsel!🔴🔵No crime committed ✅This was just a political battle, policy differences✅Even with Bolton claims, it’s NOT IMPEACHABLE✅If the bar is set this low, any President could be impeached✅TIME 2 ACQUIT 
Hey @tedcruz you wanna tell us why you weren't interested in Hunter Biden's job before his dad ran for president? Waiting for your answer ........... Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
#Celebrity @NICKIMINAJ Nicki Minaj's brother got 25 years for child rape 👇 
‘No trees in space’: Twitter dunks on Space Force’s camo-print uniforms 
@JaySekulow what you going to say about this? He asked how long could Ukraine last if Russia attacked him. Lol he Does know Parnas just wait more to come. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested "All About The Money" 
What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP | January 29, 2020 #news 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Thanks to all the "experts " for pointing out that @RepAdamSchiff Can dish it out but he can't take it, crybaby 
Penn worked for the Clintons. Mark Penn: Trump impeachment is an unproductive exercise in political rage – It’s time to end trial | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Super Bowl LIV will put the Chiefs' speed on full display 
Breaking: not only did Trump order Yovanovitch to be taken out, @realDonaldTrump actually asked parnas ‘how long would Ukraine last without aid’ Parnas replies without us 30 sec 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ | 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Bias Alert: MSNBC's Joy Reid says Trump makes now 'worst time to be a human' 
Klobuchar: Bloomberg should be on debate stage so 'voters can evaluate him' | Bloomberg doesn't want to win debates. He wants to buy the election. He's less of a lunatic than Trump, but that doesn't mean he'd be a good President. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
More of this - Please! 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
.@HowardKurtz on today's #MEDIABUZZMeter: •Bolton ‘bombshell’ and will he testify? •State Dept. kicks NPR reporter off plane •Jury selection in Avenatti Vs. Nike begins Click here to listen &amp; subscribe: 
In 2011, Rick Scott cut early voting from 14 to 8, required voter registration groups to register w/the state and criminalized teachers registering HS students, and illegally purged voter rolls too close to 2012 midterm elections 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
BREAKING 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" Don't mess with our Social Security that we have worked our lives for! Trump is still talking about cutting your Social Security ?? I would hope NOT !!! 
Our new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #antisharia ⁦@BeforeSharia⁩ ⁦@UnitedNationsGH⁩ ⁦@rightsagenda⁩ 
Today's homepage features 51 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
WATCH: House impeachment managers bring up Biden 168 times during Thursday's opening arguments 
WHAT??? BS OH,! Got It. Fr Sharpton. Most'll need a translation get what "wrinkle free brain" said See,Skinny Al sees, thinks, speaks, 1 thing,BLACK. While Obuma harmed the US terribly &amp; Trump's done great work as Our Pres he aint blak C? 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill says Pres. Trump's legal team attacking the Hunter Biden for "surfing off of his last name" is "unbelievable." She says the president's family has "dirty hands ... with the way they have surfed and made money off this presidency." 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Trust these liars! No way! #CNN #NEWSMEDIA Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' this 
#IowaCaucuses GOP wants Sanders because he’s too left to win! Slandering #JoeBiden #Iowa “Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad @NBCNews 
Harmeet Dhillon: Trump’s Senate impeachment trial team is showing Schiff how it’s done, with facts and class 
Filthy streets, filthy politicians, filthy bureaucrats...no surprise here. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@Penny_J_Thomas @gerwinstan @Brave_Writing we can win, and our healthcare can be even better than Canada, NHS and nordic countries. I lost my mother to MS partially bc we couldn't afford better treatment. that's part of reason why I'm fighting hard for this 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Wiley: 'Corrupt intent' is the only explanation for why Ukraine scheme happened as it did 
IF impeachment opens up to witnesses, Trump will have a landslide in 2020 like never before. This is a déjà vu moment, a radical-Left favorite option play, on 3rd down &amp; 400 yards; since 2015;always walked away hunched w/tails between the legs,sad&amp; empty! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
☝😊👆Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Rep. Nunes: I'm not afraid of new witnesses, the facts will remain the facts 
"Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas" FOX NEWS 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' He changed the 24 hr opening statement time fro 2 -12 hr shifts to 3 -8 hr shifts so the dems would stop CRYING &amp; WHINING. ITS RIDICULOUS.Fair is a dismissal 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
And who runs these cities 🤔🤔 Democrats of course! 👇👇👇👇👇 America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Las Vegas welcome sign to light up in purple and gold to honor Kobe Bryant, crash victims 
From Discover on Google 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
If anyone still wonders why CNN's rating are in the cesspool, 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
LISTEN: Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Former Democrat lawmaker welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ Truth ! 
Media expert: The GOP has divorced itself from reality 
🙌🙌🙌 🤗🤗🤗 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Netanyahu talks Trump’s Middle East peace plan on ‘Fox and Friends’ 
@n2play @Dreamweasel @realDonaldTrump The video Jack Kingston getting taking down ... for lying on national television 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
True statement by Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators @SenateGOP that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide. 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Don't forget dumb #TrumpIsDumb and that for Don Lemon 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
@owillis It is stretch marks from growing 1 inch since he was sworn in, according to the medical reports he released 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
@SenatorRomney @MittRomney @MittRomney I think your entire party to listen to what David jolly had to say and really think about your nation andwhy witnesses should be allowed to restore trust 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Rid this terrorist moron from our Gov ppl,vote her out wake up in her district,stop illegals voting 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Prince Andrew has ‘provided zero cooperation’ in Jeffrey Epstein probe, authorities say 
Do not get sucked into Schiff's lies. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
My reply ( to fox's Michael Levin's temper tantrum ( . He says: "We have tolerance. You have cancel culture." We know of your tolerance, you tolerate rapist priests &amp; coaches, corruption, and apathy. 
Pete Hegseth talks with New Jersey voters about President Trump’s rally 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Opinion | Rep. Deutch: Supreme Court's Citizens United mistake just turned 10 years old. It's time to reverse it. - @NBCNewsTHINK 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This is normal behavior? Sorry, this is highly disturbing and plain out sick! 
The moment people are hearing of a death isn’t THE TIME to besmirch the deceased. *Then again—you can’t force someone to have CLASS. ~BYE👋🏼Felicia #BottomFeeder WaPo reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
I'm sorry is this a joke? I get misdirection but good Lord no one will believe yet another asinine give-away to the "Palestinians". Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Yep, a professional interviewer isn't able to hear and then process simple spoken English. No lie here folks, move along. : Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters. @GoogleNews 
In Ukraine scandal, Devin Nunes has some explaining to do 
Democratic presidential candidate Rep. Gabbard has filed a defamation lawsuit against Hillary Clinton, claiming that Clinton "carelessly and recklessly impugned" her reputation with "favorite of the Russians" comments. But, @TulsiGabbard you are a asset. 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it: WaPo @maddow 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan CNN is for low IQ robots. If u still watch CNN there is something wrong with you. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Sen. Murphy: Trump's legal team was 'engaging in a Trump 2020 commercial' 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters | - Don’t buy it, Lemon’s disdain for Trump and his followers is genuine. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan I don't think he pretends to be anything. He is a 100% partisan racist. Also a pompous add and really dumb 
@realDonaldTrump TRUMP: At some point they will be.... And at the right time, we will take a look at that. 
From Discover on Google 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Dear Pam please stop the UNPAID LECTURE on corruption and explain why this investigation was 
The first day of Donald Trump's impeachment trial was an opportunity for his defense team to bring its A-game. There was just one problem: They had no A-game to bring, It was ... embarrassing. 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide This is true! 
@SenFeinstein Maybe you need to start concentrating on your problems instead of tilting windmills? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
On the seriousness of the allegations against trump. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@realDonaldTrump @inittowinit007 Mr. President, w/the massive crowds waiting for you in NJ. Have you considered doing 2 rallies in 1 day to allow many of your supporters to see you today? It's been reported +100k tickets have been requested. Massive crowds form for Trump’s NJ rally. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #ShariaLaw #Flogging 
Why the FUCK isn't the US doing this yet @SecPompeo ??? British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
"Europe refuses to develop its own gas and oil reserves, and won’t fund the necessary military power to ensure that it can safely import energy" VDH When is it going to be time to let them patrol the Straits of Hormuz instead of glom off US taxpayers? 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"Everyone knows there's not a person in that room who believes they can count on Donald Trump to do anything," @Lawrence says. "[Rep. Schiff] was saying something that everyone knows is true and he was using it as the reason ... why he has to be removed." 
Live from Iowa last night after ⁦@PeteButtigieg⁩ abortion exchange with ⁦⁩ town hall voter, ⁦@ProLifeDem⁩ 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
@RachelBitecofer Another great documentary is "Above the Fray" about how Dukakis failed to respond to George HW Bush's attacks in a timely manner: 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
All the president's (indicted) men 
#MarkLevin says #Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Minnesota sees gloomiest month in more than 50 years, Twin Cities in cloudy stretch 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script @KimStrassel 
Rick Wilson is a treasure. Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"John Sununu says Mitt Romney is being influenced by his personal dislike for President Trump" John is right about Mitt. Watch 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted | 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Sen. GRAHAM: “...we’re going to call a bunch of witnesses.”🧐 (Cullinan💎’s in Trillions) #GABRIEL🌎 #BNPParibas🦅 #CHASE🇺🇸 #Halkbank🇹🇷 #FindBIOMETRICS🖐 #FacePHI👁#DeutscheBank #CITI💳 #CreditSuisse⚖️ #ZALES💎#LondonSqMile🔥 #LucisTrustDIVESTITURE💵💷💶💴 
You bet..impeach this tyrant 
😳😲😲but @realdonaldtrump doesn't know Lev Parnas rite @gop ? NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Dear corrupt @GOP: you have no idea how right you are about the "fight of your life"! All you #ImpeachedTrump lackeys will be voted out! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Will the muslims be lobbying the olympic committee to include this sport in the next games? 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
‘No trees in space’: Twitter dunks on Space Force’s camo-print uniforms 
"Nancy Pelosi's ghostly encounter" She has had too many dates with #DemonRum 
i guess that is partial. She also said W for Women, we win. 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it: WaPo 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Going back on his word. Taking away Food Stamps and looking hard at social security and Medicare. But the billionaires are paying NO taxes 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
@AGPamBondi Pay attention 
Excerpt: Senator Amy Klobuchar talks with Rachel Maddow and an panel during a break in the Donald Trump impeachment trial, and remarks on how her... 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit Greedy ex Royals!!! 
⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FoxNews @OANN @CNN This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
#QAnon Kick the can down the road. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation 
Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede #SmartNews 
trump = tyranny. Truly very worried. We cannot take our democracy for granted. We are very fortunate to have the freedoms we have in this country. trump is now trying to unravel the democracy and disgrace our constitution. We must get trump out. 
China builds hospital to treat coronavirus, expands lockdowns to cover 10 cities 
"As the coronavirus continues to spread, the U.S. is reportedly planning to boost staff at almost two dozen airports in an effort to screen nearly all passengers traveling from China." #Coronavirus #CoronavirusScreening #JoinTheTravelRevolution 
@dljr2018 @mistia72 @hankgillette @spayer @Droads24 @Irex64181849 @seanmdav Watch the interview here: 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments #ImpeachmentTrial 
What do all these cities have in common? Okay, I’ll tell you - they all have Democratic Mayor’s! This violence is absolutely unacceptable - we must take steps to fix this now! Where are the leaders of these communities? Hold the Mayor’s accountable! 
When you work for #LiarInChief ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ , you learn to #lie and debase yourself like all the sleazebags he has calling themselves lawyers. #ImpeachmentTrial #TrumpIsGuilty #LockHimUp #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 💥💥I so agree with ⁦@SenTomCotton⁩ of Arkansas there should be a ban on incoming flights 💥💥 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
You mean like Hussein did? 
Impeachment trial is a 'dynamic' situation for GOP senators GOP CAN IMPRESS OR DISGUST AMERICANS TAXPAYERS INTERNATIONAL WORLDLY SOOO FAR ALL DISGUSTED DISHONEST DISRESPECTFUL OF THEIR COUNTRY AND ITS TAXPAYERS 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
Cold blooded beeiiittcchh knew what she was doing. Need some social media attention. Shame it's done at the expense of a dead man. Special place in hell for her! Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
1/Biden, Sanders on the rise in new Iowa polling 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
If you are an espresso fan, you may have never tasted it the way you should have. 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" - Sen. King 
Trump’s campaign had received 158,632 requests for tickets at the event, including 92,841 distinct signups, and had identified a total of 73,482 voters --10.4 percent of whom didn't vote in 2016, and 26.3 percent of whom were self-described Democrats. 
Schiff: 'We're not here to make this easy' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
⁦@JoeBiden⁩ is an unstable, arrogant prick 
Let's hope this momentum continues!! #NotMeUs #Bernie2020 #Bernie #BernieSanders #BernieBeatsTrump 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@WPatriot2 @PeterBo04372810 @PestJack @robin_ked @Suziegarrabrant @Mikala007007 @ToddAbshire @carolva97910854 @us_poll @Canadiancovfefe @LynnStueber @LisaJanelle68 @Lynnielee5 @CdnVsFascism @daxalvarado19 @o_marianne @IamAllOutOfGum @Lauramo92212760 @KateHun49524279 @angt_trost @HEAVENSARMY4 @GregoryJHall1 @Janinepolitic @AndrewArgh @DuriavigRobert @MagickalG @francesme @eaglesdontfloc2 @BehneMatthew @Kintu3 @rbhumble @liltilgerlil @JeanEngel777 @Ginger_Snap_11 @JoyGarn31949049 @RedDragonFly19 @BigdNv @Rebashoenfelt1 @jkjballz7 @MISTERLAV1 Yep, the pathologist performed a necropsy on Epstein when he was still a living man. BTW, #Epsteindidntkillhimself! 
@RepAdamSchiff Listening to @RepAdamSchiff talk about that bizarre Trump-Putin summit in Helsinki, am reminded how obvious collusion was at the time. But some people - a lot of people - refuse to acknowledge what is right in front of their nose. 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester Perhaps @realdonaldtrump shouldn't have committed crimes. Then he wouldn't have this problem. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@SenatorLoeffler @GovKemp @realDonaldTrump Hey Gov... money can't buy you everything. #DougCollinsforSenate 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
BLOOMBERG IS TRULY CLUELESS. 
Well what would they expect... McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Democrats should not be awarded testimony they weren't patient enough to wait for. David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
@realDonaldTrump Asked by CNBC’s Joe Kernen whether “entitlements” would ever end up on his plate, Trump replied, “At some point they will be…. And at the right time, we will take a look at that.” 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders ⁦@nytimes⁩ #NoOneCares 
Obama speaks up as Trump targets Dreamers #동 #아가다경자홍문 #당 #홍경자 #홍 #경자홍 #트리플8 #홍홍 #홍문 #홍홍홍 
Psalm 122:6 - "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee." 
Proud of @Delta for pledging $250K towards Australian wildfire relief. 
Rules are rules. You can't make an exception for the weinermobile. That's a slippery slope. 🙄🌭🚔 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO - 
Rep. Val Demings: "We are going to continue to push for documents and witnesses ... What trial in America does not have witnesses and documents?" 
@davidhogg111 FDR threw Japanese Americans into concentration camps and LBJ was a well known racist. 🤦🏻‍♂️ 
Michelle Obama is now a Grammy winner. 
3 congresswomen made history this week as the first women to ever act as prosecutors in a presidential impeachment trial. .@Kasie discusses on a new #ArticleIIPodcast. Listen now! Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Listen to the recording of TRUMP talking about getting rid of the Ukrainian Ambassador. @POTUS PLEASE SHARE!!! 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Flash top headlines for Jan. 29 | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Clean Up California ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ GivesMoney2Known CriminalsWhatAn Imbecile HandMoney2 ACROOKSounds Abt RightMeanwhile Calif Is Still A Shithole&amp;WhereDid TheyMoneyGo?? 
@tedlieu @stevenmnuchin1 Congressman Lieu, 
on vacation from Infowars so watch instead #FishingForRobots #BigData #Freebies #Hunting #Freebies #AmReading #BigData #Freebies #Freebies #BigData #Hockey #Jobs #FreeCalifornia #AI #Anonymous #GreenNewDeal #Hockey #HillaryEmail #SPIDERS 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Watergate prosecutor: Trump is worse than Nixon because he has no ‘shame’ 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB | 
I Chose You, Adam Schiff, As President! I Would Like Everybody Else To Just Go Home. You Have More Grace, Decency, Intelligence, Common Sense, Knowledge And Integrity, Than The Whole GOP Combined! It was an Honor and, a Pleasure, to Listen To Your... 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich . Perhaps The libtards should read this article Bernie talks the talk, but doesn’t walk the walk!! Faker 
Chris Matthews: It's a 'LOL' that Trump didn't abuse power 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a 'homework assignment' 
Explaining why he was so pleased with the start of his impeachment trial, Donald Trump said, "Honestly, we have all the material. They don't have the material." It's worth considering what in the world that means. 
Bad mom playing the victim card... get your kid diapers!!! 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. Look at more of the #DoNothingDemocrats taking taxpayer money and doing what with it? How could you seriously vote for this? The deep state has brainwashed all of you #WakeUp 
Schumer on Trump defense team: 'Their whole argument is diversion' “The President’s lawyers have spent three days avoiding the truth.” #TruthMatters #WednesdayThoughts 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @ChrisMurphyCT DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
: San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested...OH SNAP! @GoogleNews 
Bolton tells people at a speaking engagement Trump's foreign policy decisions are geared toward his personal interests. In particular, Turkey. 👇👇 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
“Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight” 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
New ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins. Keep the pressure on! 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Vote her out 
Lamar Alexander could be crucial player in Trump impeachment #nunesknew #whereisNunesNow 👀 
Democratic San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested for corruption described as running a fiefdom 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 : Take Note Fellow Americans!!!! 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump I used to like you but you have drank the Kool-Aid. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@LindseyGrahamSC Call Bolton 
EXCLUSIVE: Russia media analysis hints at who Putin favors for 2020 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low I didn’t watch as u know like everything today is fixed. Who is Billie Eilish? Skipped the song that broke billboard “Ole Town Road” the listeners are ignored-and now TV viewers are tired of this FAKE junk 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
The down &amp; dirty dollars @peterschweizer 
This bill should never be passed because it infringes on the executive branch's ability to set foreign policy. Yes, any country that meddles in our elections should be held accountable, but the executive branch should determine how on a case by case basis. 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine / Hmmm... Curious?! 
@MikeVtine Apropos... this: Trump's peace plan blew my mind. I wondered how Trump's plan would deal with West Bank and Gaza being far apart. Didn't even cross my mind of building tunnels. Leave it to the master developer to come up with that idea. Genius! 
She prefers orange boner-spurs😉 
Unbelievably compelling and worth the watch - a real education on the constitutionality of the impeachment charges 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" Vote Joni Ernst OUT of the U.S. Senate Nov. 2020 #VoteBlue2020UpandDownTheTicket 
@LazyMeatball @sxdoc Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Coronavirus cases in Arizona, California push US tally to 5 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Everyone knows Bolton is a WAR MONGER ! 
@stillgray yep ... ask Dustin Hice 
Peeps, let's take this poll. #2AShallNotBeInfringed 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
No kidding? All the GOP have contempt for morality, integrity, honesty &amp; decency. They're all corrupt, incompetent &amp; care only for greed/power/money. #TrumpCrimeFamily #CorruptGOP Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
#BreakingNews: Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate | . Rope in the Dope! 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
New document release exposes Trump connections to Parnas, Fruman 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
Republican state AGs make a curious case against Trump's impeachment 
@CBSNews @JoeBiden @edokeefe @BernieSanders Report on this MSM get it right for once! @HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Patriots! We need to get on the phone and call our Senators, especially the RINOs and any moderate Dems. McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
@mgrant76308 Yeah, well, the DOJ is already out saying Bolton lied: DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Trump's impeachment trial witness vote teetering on 'razor's edge,' keep eye on possible 'devil's bargain' #AAG #AAG2020 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Kamala Harris slams Trump, calls him 'a criminal in the White House' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Winona Ryder visits birthplace of Winona, Minn., in Squarespace ad for Sunday's game 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #Trump2020 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@AmandiOnAir @ @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
Schiff defends the call for new witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
#Trump #ImpeachmentTrial Defense Day 2 Aaaand a late breaking NYT story that the leaked #Bolton MS reveals Bolton discussed w/#USAG #Barr his concerns abt #Trump's granting favors to authoritarian leaders. More: #ImpeachmentTrials 
"Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo" FOX NEWS 
Because American's don't want to watch a bunch of spoiled celebs lecture them while the give each other awards for doing their jobs! Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low #grammys 
UK 2020: The attack on free speech continues as LGBT activists smear Christian preacher Franklin Graham &amp; cancel his event for wrong-think on marriage. There must always be the freedom to state marriage is a man and a woman &amp; oppose marriage re-definition. 
⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ But Mom! She did it first! 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
"Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed.' " 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Pro-life Democrat questions Buttigieg about abortion at town hall 
2,600-year-old Egyptian cold case closed as scientists figure out death of ‘Takabuti’ 
Chris Matthews: It's a 'LOL' that Trump didn't abuse power 
I've always heard Chris Matthews to be a rather mere and self-excited fool, . . . which fits well with so very many Americans, religious or non-religious, alike, . . . 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
Hot mic catches Pence telling Netanyahu 'He’s unstoppable' 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Total rot, yes. #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachmentCircus 
This #fakepresidenttrump should not be allow to do anything while under investigation. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
From Discover on Google 
For someone who doesn’t pay his bills, getting paid AT ALL is “ahead of schedule.” Ahead of never! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments : How can the writer say, "since the revelations provide a first-hand account of an alleged quid pro quo" There's no crime, not verified first-hand info. 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Stop gaslighting - it should be beneath a Senator but then again, what's beneath the GOP at this point? 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #Gaza #WestBank 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
@SenateGOP What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP . WE ALL KNOW THAT TRUMP NEEDS TO GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE. TRUMP THE SWAMP CREATURE. 
@RepKenBuck The tides are turning against you and your ilk. Conservative groups, like The Lincoln Project, arent having it. 
@mitt Romney ⁦@johnbolton. Now we know the whole story. ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' Ouch! ⁦@RepJerryNadler⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
#China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@fpturner @Brett1231 @joelockhart @mCarey60 Try truth for a change. And have some class, like Joe. 
Most #viral News Now: Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton shoul.. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Democrat Senators appear to support acquittal and not guilty votes for President Trump. 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say He got canned, gets a book deal - doesn’t testify in the house why? Because his book wasn’t ready yet. Sad. Great interview ⁦@RandPaul⁩ LET THE AMERICAN VOTER DECIDE!!!! #ImpeachmentTrial 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
@IlhanMN Coming to America soon thanks to Omar... 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Doubts surface over Puerto Rican governor's motivation to fire housing secretary 
#2A supporters: please vote in this poll. No sign-in required and they do not ask for any personal or marketing information. #OpenCarry #gunrights #2AShallNotBeInfringed 
@TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump .@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
State senator on Virginia House advancing gun control bills after protest | Thank you ⁦@AmandaChaseVA⁩ for continuing to speak up! 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate... 
this is... amazing......... 
What dangers does fmr. National Security Adviser John Bolton pose to President Trump if he testifies in the Trump impeachment trial? 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Can Long Island secede, too?: West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Could anyone my age put this monster in charge of our futures?? If you are not rich @realDonaldTrump will eliminate you!! Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #Topbuzz 
@MarshaBlackburn Chuckles Nonsense News that's your @CNN 
@brianbeutler @HawleyMO Maybe Hawley can find a way to pimp his kid out on this one too. 
Zero credibility. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
"I believe that people are listening," Sen. @amyklobuchar says of GOP senators. "Adam Schiff's plea to our colleagues was, 'you know this isn't easy, but at some point, why are you here?' ... you're here because you're supposed to protect our Constitution" 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
US Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
@AC360 Why is @CNN not covering this? 
@RadioFreeTom @lynda1225 @benjaminwittes @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve @ Here is some of the broadcast from last night 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed #SmartNews 
Video: McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied. 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman Best of luck. Praying for your recovery. Thank you for sharing. 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Sen. Coons on Democratic goal for impeachment trial question process 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@Vicodank1 The head was found to be guilty of corrupt practices in Austria, yes, but, again, the Pentagon gave Ukraine and NABU in general a good rating in their efficacy. 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
They are all run by Democrats. .America's top 5 deadliest cities 
@Veegerbeeper @Neoavatara It’s called Google. 
OMG!!! This is just too good! 
Van flips off road during dramatic police chase in Florida 
"Trump tells supporters, 'What you're seeing ... is not what's happening'" 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Uh, oh... Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' | 
How could one single woman support Democrats that support a religion that does this? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
Canada's first coronavirus cases are confirmed in husband and wife: officials 
Listen to recording of @realDonaldTrump ordering "removal" of Ukraine ambassador. #MobTalk #BeAfraid 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
@alexandregarcia Ele foi na Missa horas antes do acidente, @alexandregarcia: "He was here before the 7 a.m. mass and that's our first mass of the day. — Father Steve Sallot, Our Lady Queen of Angels in Newport Beach, Calif. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 💥THIS HAPPENS WHEN YOU HAVE DEMOCRATS RUNNING YOUR CITY!!! #LockHImUp NOW!🤬 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
I don't think anyone was surprised... It wasn't "diverted".... That was the plan. 
San Francisco Public Works Dir Mohammed Nuru was arrested Monday alongside Nick Bovis, the owner of a sports bar in Fisherman’s Wharf, Lefty O-Doul’s. Nuru was arrested on suspicion of accepting bribes for airport concession contracts. 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Trump lawyers: Impeachment is 'attack' on Americans right to choose their president 
WATCH: @GarrettHaake breaks down the latest in the impeachment trial and what to expect this weekend. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ conversation. 
@business From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’!👏👏👏😂🌊🌊🌊🌊 
#GOPCoverup #GOPTraitors #TrumpIsGuiltyAF "Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
N.J. bans gay and transgender 'panic defenses' 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
the entire @GOP need to be in prison. 
So, apparently critical thinking doesn't occur during an election year. 
Lori Vallow, Chad Daybell located in Hawaii, missing siblings not found 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Oops ! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
❤️Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Trump to unveil Mideast peace plan as ISIS reportedly announces 'new stage' of terror ops against Israel 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation “A lengthy audio recording released by Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, appears to show a 2018 dinner at which Donald Trump interacts with donors and supporters, including Parnas.” 
St. Louis earned the title of deadliest city in America with a murder rate of 60.9 per 100,000 in 2018. In that year, 186 were slaughtered in the city of a population of about 318,000 America's top 5 deadliest cities 
HOW BERNIE AND FAMILY SCREWED THE STUDENTS AND BANKRUPTED A COLLEGE WHILE BECOMING MILLIONAIRES ON YOUR SMALL DONATIONS - NOT "BOOK SALES." Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@JRubinBlogger I would imagine, if all goes according to plan, LINDSEYS COMMITTEE will be ramping up a week or so before March 3, 2020 (I’ll wait while you check you 2020 democrat primary calendar) 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
#Ifyoudontknownowyouknow @AriMelber I believe that 51%+ of American public clearly understand what's happening here. We also know why Leader #MidnightMoscowMitch McConnell and Republicans do not want witnesses or documents. 👪👥🗣📣 We know! #weknow 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
This fucker has gotten entirely too big for his britches. Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
* Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
“Relevant” is the key word. 
Does noone know this story ? Don Lemon tried to pick this guy up in a bar .. by giving him a smear of crotch sample on the kid's lip. Seriously, disgusting. 
@realDonaldTrump Steve Benen: "Trump’s tweet this morning included five claims, each of which are the opposite of the truth." 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Do they reallly have to report "What is Easter?" In this nation? Sad.👇 What is Easter? 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Go Bolton was always on tv about Putting/Iran. Hey Bolton just tell what you want to say don't do Iran or Russians work towards us. We have the democrats already working from within. 
Will the Trump White House try to file a motion to dismiss? #11thHour 
2020 split screen: Stuck in D.C. for Trump's trial while rival candidates crisscross Iowa 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
From Discover on Google 
@BernieSanders Yay!!! So your saying we get to look forward to a flogging brigade here in America along with your gulags for freedom lovers? If Islam is a race having redhair shoud mean supreme minority status that is covered by hate laws. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
NBA%20legend%20Kobe%20Bryant%20reportedly%20dead%20in%20LA-area%20helicopter%20crash 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation Reaction and analysis from investigative journalist Lee Smith and contributor Sara Carter. 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Hey ⁦@IlhanMN⁩, this is what you want to bring to the US. You would be one of the first on the list for this “justice” based on your love life. 
@kathrynks @dwainj @atensnut @RichardAlengi That is a lie. Care to explain this graph to me? 
Psychiatrist: Trump's projection on Chairman Schiff is ‘primitive’ 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
DAILY REMINDER: REPUBLICAN Senators celebrated our 4th of July 2018 in Russia with Putin's people Richard C. Shelby (Ala.) Steve Daines (Mont.), John Hoeven (N.D.), Ron Johnson (Wis.), John Kennedy (La.), Jerry Moran (Kan.), John Thune (R-S.D.) 
@Auriandra @parscale Here is the 2016 graphic link from The #FakeFoxNews: 
Puerto Ricans displaced by earthquakes wait for a safe home amid roadblocks, delays 
I support President Trump's efforts to bring about peace in the Middle East and pray that this can be accomplished. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of... 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
And who could imagine that they are ALL dem run Cities, It wasn't hard to imagine at all actually !! 
Biden saying anything that is not embarrassing is a laugh.....and him saying the president is a laughing stock begs the question....who is calling the kettle black? 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@realDonaldTrump Get to work. 
.Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Joe Manchin frustrated with ‘hypocrisy’ of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
Test drive: The 2020 Chevrolet Silverado diesel is a smooth operator 
@sandyknauer @carpenterRobOH @AndrewYang obama openly said that nothing about his two years in the senate prepared him for anything about being president. he ran a natl nonprofit for 7 yrs &amp; that's what leading in government is--uniting people around a vision that they can share &amp; contribute to. 
Fmr. Amb. Susan Rice discusses how President Trump has used foreign relations to "advance his personal political gain." 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me @NBCNews 
NEW: Senate Republican leadership exerted strong pressure Tuesday on the party's senators to not call for witnesses in President Trump's impeachment trial, two sources familiar with the matter tell @NBCNews. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Is Amy breaking the RULES .. @SenAmyKlobuchar to reports that senators have been caught sleeping during #TrumpImpeachmentTrial: "I just don’t know why they would have this job, come here if they’re not going to protect the #Constitution" @ @CNNBRK 
Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.28.20 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
My guess @TulsiGabbard, would be because you're a woman. After all, @donlemon can do anything he would like (including bullying and insulting the population), and still gets airtime with his male colleagues and guests. 1+1= . . . @cnn #foxnews 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Uh say what now? #KOSizzlinLifestyle #coffee #baristalife 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Winning at it's finest. Thanks @realDonaldTrump! Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco Democrat Mohammed Nuru — in Charge of Cleaning up City’s Filthy Streets — Arrested by FBI for Public Corruption 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
@MSNBC Why don't you just quit? 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
1 Corinthians 5:9-13 New International Version (NIV) 9 I wrote to you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people— 10 not at all meaning the people of this... 
WATCH: Part 2 of Maddow’s exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to President Trump’s impeachment. #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayThoughts 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ | 
“Not only did he remove the baby from among the dead bodies — it could have suffocated— he ran out and turned the baby over to emergency services personnel.” 
Trump describes kissing married TV host in creepy 1992 interview 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Read this. ➡️➡️➡️➡️ 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism you have @RepAOC @NYCMayor and @NYGovCuomo for the growth in anti semantic racist behavior 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Tulsi Gabbard sues Hillary Clinton for $50M over 'Russian asset' remark 
Biden says he would not cut SSN benefits as POTUS 
It means they have all of the evidence, literally and know good and hell well they are gambling on being forced to turn it over. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho 
What is democratic socialism? 
. @CNN @donlemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking @realDonaldTrump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump at NJ rally: “We are privileged to be joined tonight by a courageous leader who left the Democrat Party because he has had enough of their extremism, enough of their socialism, enough of their vile hoaxes and scams.” 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie #AmericansDemandWitnesses 
Weld: Trump is a ‘recipe for disaster’ for GOP 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script....Romney is a cowardly pig. 
@KangarooCaught @ChillPolitics @BernieSanders Did you ever see this? 
@SenateGOP @MittRomney @SenAlexander @lisamurkowski @senrobportman @CoryGardner @SenMikeLee @JerryMoran @BenSasse @SenatorEnzi @SenatorBurr It has become necessary to say ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! But who will stand by our Constitution? 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change There goes Jerk-Off-Joe again attacking his own supporters. ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@drinksJDneat⁩ #jerk-off-joe 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez This is the #fascist #left working to turn this country into a #totalitarian #communist society that they run. #MAGA2020 
Get rid of Chris Wallace. 
Impeach her! @RashidaTlaib Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
@fox tell Chris to read the Hanity piece. Chris Wallace says he's struck by how Republicans have turned on John Bolton 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
As deficits soar, #IMPOTUS45 #TraitorTrump @realDonaldTrump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' Apparently, NOT the @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@Carlton101A @GOPLeader Bribery and extortion, abuse of office, and obstruction of Congress. But there's also this... I picked because it's the only news source you believe, I Imagine. This is one their 40% accurate stories... 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Detroit - America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@JRubinBlogger From transcript of day 2 of @maddow interview here: PARNAS: Basically, at that dinner, we had a conversation, there was, like, six of us there, it was an intimate dinner. MADDOW: At the White House? /1 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script . What a crock of bull if this true. What is up with the spineless gop senators? 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Thin skinned pa--rick 😠 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation Yes 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
@GiannoCaldwell @Gailbee @realDonaldTrump I’m so sick of the Democrats and their constant attacks against the President! I and many of my friends and family so fed up will never vote Democrat again! 
@GOPChairwoman Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Here ya go .@realDonaldTrump. The guy you don’t know, Lev Parnas. You just asked him to get rid of Ambassador Yovanovitch. Lev Parnas. The guy you don’t know. Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch @NBCNews 
@ShrewsburyLady @A_ShaneClark @Liz_Wheeler @realDonaldTrump "Trump was challenging recollections by Kovaleski and many others about the 9/11 aftermath" Why did Trump LIE about his knowledge of Kovaleski's disability? 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
@Dan_Marsh_ @willmenaker Lmao he doesn't though? 
Sen. Murphy: 'I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden' @nbcnews 
WATCH NOW: Bolton continues to complicate Senate witness question 
How California's homelessness crisis surged 
#Trump2020 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight | 
⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ - how’s your support of #IlhanOmar? Perhaps a role like described below. (Are her marriage, tax and ethics cases are complete?) Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
When the Senate goes awry, let the people decide! Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses @NBCNews 
Puppy store investigated after 'concerning' video suggests puppies were drugged 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Buttigieg: 'This election process is about what happens after Donald Trump' 
WATCH LIVE: Trump hits congressional Dems at NJ rally, cheers new Republican who opposed trial 
To bad she didn't reach ut for help. 
@RoReed3 Corruption you say? 
@benjaminwittes @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @RadioFreeTom @CortesSteve @ Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
@senatemajldr But you're going to schedule testimony for the dead of night when many people won't even get a chance to hear it. Isn't that right #MoscowMitch ? 
Medical Examiner: “This individual died due to mixed fentanyl and ethanol toxicity.” 
If they still taught US history in our schools, colleges, and Hollywood entertainment, every American would know that America's worst traitor was Benedict Arnold, a war hero. @landp1776 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable @nbcnews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
From - Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics/ All The Dems Have Is Enuendo ! 
Mohamed Nuru-Arrested for Public Corruption. -“$312 million city public works budget since 2012, Nuru was tasked with cleaning up San Francisco streets, which critics note remain cluttered with feces, trash and used needles amid a homelessness crisis” 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
"You may be walking your dog wrong, PETA founder says" FOX NEWS 
What a surprise..Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Fake apology followed by more of the same. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? Why would the defendant ever bring in witnesses for the prosecution.that their job to make their case before voting to impeach.the house never sent all transcripts why? Hiding evidence? 
'He got caught': Pelosi played McConnell on Trump impeachment 
"Teams open up ahead of the big game on opening night" 
Educating America: Liberal @AlanDersh brilliantly argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment *Disgraceful Unconstitutional Impeachment Charade 
Like a mafia don, ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ carefully phases his words so that it doesn’t sound like he is giving an explicit order to have someone done in, but whoever he is talking to does understand that that is what he wants. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight I’m telling you he’s spending huge amounts of money paying people to attend. Check his campaign spending reports. Mega bucks expenses, but no ads, etc. where’s it all going? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Sure that's what they always say, liars 
President Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children I dare anyone to read this story and tell me of a more sadistic and barbaric piece of shit than this satanic "human" 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
.@’s newest podcast, “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris, is about what it takes to win the nomination. First 2 episodes out Monday. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
How could this be?! This city is the best run city ever 😶 
Trump slams impeachment trial at New Jersey rally Reaction and analysis from Trump 2020 campaign director of communications Tim Murtaugh. #FoxAndFriendsFirst 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
I just became @MittRomney’s biggest fan. Now if some other senators would just stand up for our country: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' #MittRomney 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@Delavegalaw @CandiMcCann You can see the video here. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Claire McCaskill: GOP ‘twisting’ impeachment process ‘beyond recognition’ 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #MAGA #Liberalismisamentaldisorder 
PARNAS NOT CREDITABLE YIKES 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Trump tweet attacking #AdamSchiff analysed by legal experts 
Trumps Rally in NJ lines formed overnight/camping to see POTUS".Shore destination Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Another campaign promise broken. #ProtectOurCare 
The biggest Senate moments from Thursday 
Sean Hannity: Trump defense team ripped Dems' case 'to pieces' on day two of their opening arguments 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much 
I guess the feces wasn’t the only thing that smelled funny *crowd roars with laughter San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much | . This is the Republicans philosophy damn the Constitution and our Oath of office to do Justice we have a Majority, we have the Majority of the RULING Party just like a KING! 
@JStevei @gicar1895 @marklevinshow We’ll see 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
New York wouldn't do anything about this woman so it's good the FBI is stepping in. Brooklyn woman charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic Hanukkah attacks 
Pregnant mom brings Nerf gun to hospital to keep husband awake: 'Mom hack level 10,000' 
NOT HERE! Keep your sight clear! 
Trump in Davos denigrates his own troop's injuries! POS! Excerpt: The AP reported this morning that the president “minimized the severity” of the troops’ head injuries.... 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
#NotMeUs IS GOING TO WIN!!!!! #ILikeBernie #WomenForBernie #PresidentSanders Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
"Lordy, we have tapes" 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
This should be required viewing! @chrislhayes obliterates Republican talking points regarding Hunter Biden. Well done, Mr. Hayes! Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Can she steal ANOTHER election from the Bern again? This is SO funny to watch. 🤣 Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
#MitchMcConnell #TrumpImpeachmentTrial Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
"Democrats appear to be just breezing past Donald Trump now." -@JoeNBC on a new 2020 poll showing a hypothetical matchup between Democrats and Pres. Trump 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
@frimeljj Please provide evidence of your claim. Here's mine, from no less. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Republicans on board with Trump in odd deference to Russian goals 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 7 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
@rplateboilerpla @NoMorePartyLA @ColaRicoca @RespectableLaw ok boomer 
Other than the billionaires, who are buying the country out from under everyone, while everyone is occupied by #AmericasDumbestPresident! 
⁦@SenatorLankford⁩: New audio tape 'not really relevant' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich - VERY, VERY rich. @berniesanders is a SNAKE - just like @AOC. Neither one could make it in the private sector. 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
@PMD85088930 @politico And then.... 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
You’re a damned liar ⁦@donlemon⁩. You think those of us not sucking off the government tit are stupid rubes. You heard every word and agreed with them all. 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Fantastic 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary #ee8ee7c1bd4152028841a72a47cd20cd 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #YangSurge 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
lol...could you imagine doing this in the states and how this would go over? as much as ppl say the US is shitty and isn't progressive need to get a clue Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
* Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during impeachment trial 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet READ THIS 
@JoyAnnReid on @ @amjoyshow: saying "Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument" 
Bill "Bury The Evidence/Cover-Up" shouldn't be anywhere near this case... He's already interfered significantly by refusing to transfer the Whistle-blower report to Congress! 😠 @HouseDemocrats 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #Utah @MittRomney #Maine @SenatorCollins #Alaska @lisamurkowski Republicans will not forget you legitimizing Impeachment Farce with Never @POTUS Bolton BS! 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch'-⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ pulled his head out of ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩’s ass to say THAT?! THAT’s ALL YOU HAVE AS YOU THROW AMERICAS UNDER BUS? #POS 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Schumer claims Republicans are trying to distract from a vote on witnesses 
expect more lies from tRUMP about saving S.S. 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
BREAKING: Pentagon says 34 US troops have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injuries from the Iranian missile strike on Iraqi air base earlier this month. 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: "I believe John Bolton." 
Bernie Sanders, his wife Jane and her daughter Carina Driscoll have all gotten rich while he spouts commie rhetoric #CorruptDemocrats #DemocratsHateAmerica #NeverBernie 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics | 
"In talking to some of my [GOP] colleagues after the session... the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide'" - @SenAngusKing 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' That’s the evil vile &amp; nasty Chuckie Schumer 
You’re exactly correct @JaySekulow! Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
Tammy Bruce: Chelsea Clinton is worth big bucks -- Here's how she managed to make all that money | #NepotismBarbie 
SFO Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru, the San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested arrested on suspicion of accepting bribes for airport concession contracts. FIGURES - DEM socialist corruption abounds #KAG 
What's Eating America: A New Limited Series on with Andrew Zimmern 
@cindyhydesmith Hey Cindy! Did the GOP spy on you???? 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC #SmartNews Absolutely... 
You know things are bad when I agree with the @LincolnProjct 
@realDonaldTrump @wef Oh, Honey! Gosh that's not good news, is it Impeached Resident Trump? 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
I’m sure you’ve all heard about it. But this is just insane. 
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends heres FOX: “What is required for removal of the president? A demonstration of presidential commission of high crimes and misdemeanors, of which in Trump's case the evidence is ample and uncontradicted.” Judge Napolitano 
I’m guessing “Mr Clean of San Fran” is gonna have to change his name @Knowita47918362 @DawsonSField @Avery1776 @DilleyShow 
James Carville: Trumpism greatest threat ‘since fall of communism’ 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' U GET DUMBER EACH DAY. AINT THE LAND OF HAND OUTS. IF I WENT 2 THEIR COUNTRY WOULD I GET FREE HANDOUTS? HELL NO! REAL CITIZENS R 1ST. GO F URSELF 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Will the Trump White House try to file a motion to dismiss? #11thHour 
San Francisco official "Nuru, who goes by “MrCleanSF" on Twitter, who's in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets; arrested by the FBI. 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran 
Dems stop making up rules as you go along, We the People are sick of your dirty tactics. Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees. 
6 episodes. 6 themes that separate the winners from the losers. @'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out tomorrow. Subscribe now. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare #CUTS On The Table! Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron TYPICAL WAPOOP "REPORTER" 
Julián Castro on Warren’s outreach to people of color, more 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Huge crowd braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution #GOPCorruption 
@JRubinBlogger THOUGHT THAT WAS STORM? Thought she had the goods. I mean, she really has the goods. When I say goods, I mean the GOODS. I know goods. Those........are goods! Whole ammo dump of grenades, hun! All turned out to be DUDS! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH‼️ WE MUST VOTE OUT ALL RINO's. THIS 💩 SHOW NEEDS TO END. YESTERDAY. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Sources indicate that Trump's plan gives Israel the Palestinian land they are currently occupying. This is wrong and defies all international laws. Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
What century are we in? 
Sen. Coons on Democratic goal for impeachment trial question process 
It’s not comparable America. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump announces platform for his second term. He’s going to slash benefits and protections for all the poor and working Americans who support him! 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Republicans aim to suppress your vote; how you can stop them 
Screening for coronavirus to be expanded at 20 US airports “If people can be transmitting and infecting without any symptoms, that has a major impact on how you screen people,” #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus #Coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Stop bitching about fake news and then spreading fake news.. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
YES-DO IT “Amb” Bolton-show your crooked hand now publicly for ALL of us to see! You JUMPED at chances to be on Fox-don’t hide now! Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@senatemajldr says @GOP doesn't have votes to block witnesses, despite fact impeachment case unlawful @SenatorRomney booted #2022 @SenatorCollins voted out #2020 @SenAlexander will be hated in #Tennessee &amp; must move @lisamurkowski voted out 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
Thank you American HERO!!! Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
@TheRickWilson She won’t. She needs the Trump base to get re-elected. In 1996 she pledged to serve only two terms, she’s now on her 4th and running for her 5th. 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues More sense than the fucking government.... smh Cancel flights to CHINA already! 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
@realDonaldTrump With your plans, our children are inheriting a $1+ TRILLION per year deficit for the next decade. 
WATCH LIVE: Trump, Netanyahu announce Mideast peace plan 
.@realdonaldtrump @senategop Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes #PresidentPence less drama for your mama! 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' ⁦⁩ is wallace mocking Nadler obesity? Wallace needs to go 
@badger7_7 @Big_crusher1000 @Burt1Lafleur @ccinthemiddle @CheeksGrammy @ClareFriedman1 @Consofcooking1 @DavidWo12971740 @DrSMDHdaily @Dzor22 @FrankPayton13 @fretsward @Gimpmaker @goober65 @HaymanWood @jase_1972 @JAT1967 @JD03328312 @JeffriesAllen @kelting430 @Kessol @KHart51489408 @LauraWhitt32 @LongBeardBobby1 @nany_halaby @OwenAbso @PamelaBenefiel4 @PennyPo47428324 @plozr10 @Quiet_steph @real_pat_henry @RealLonestarTX @RegulatedWell @Suzanne54837213 @TheSandmanSlim @TXwoodworker98 @USA1stWins @VILVNV @Vincenz42493578 @VoiceOfReasonNW @wcwinc Pres. Trump has done or pledged many terrific things, so has PM Netenyahu. But I completely disagree with this offer. These people dont want a #TwoStateSolution, nor do they deserve it. They had Trans Jordan, and abandoned it. They only want bloodshed. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@realDonaldTrump Watch the tape 😁 
@dbongino @realDonaldTrump When you say "nobody cares," are you referring to the 66%-69% who want to see witnesses testify, and documents released? 🤔 That's a national consensus. 👉 It must not stop with Bolton either. Mulvaney, Pompeo, and Parnas must testify too. 👌 #Impeachment 
👩🏽‍⚕️Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
If good arguments fall in the Senate, do... 
The morning joke calls lawyers dunces. Do you not wonder how they are still on the air spewing hatred and stupidity?? Laugh your ass off while listening. 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
When she says “sick to their teeth”, I FELT that. Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ @NBCNews 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
@VincentCrypt46 I guess a Tsunami be another distraction. 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
The Senate GOP are worthless bums. Particularly Pierre Delecto and Collins. Bolton, well, he is a traitor to every conservative in the nation. NO ONE should buy his book or invite him to speak. 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan | 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
.@MaddowBlog: Why Bolton’s book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' ⁦@SenSchumer⁩ 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary That's because this was likely done on purpose. 
US airlines extending travel waivers for passengers scheduled to fly to China amid coronavirus outbreak | 
😂 180° ↩️ W. Virginal was formed by those against succession from the union. 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@senatorlankford @jiminhofe "On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
Remember this when you go to vote. "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
If @AmbJohnBolton Is anything, he is a master grudge holder. DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
Poll @GunOwners @NRA @NRAblog 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears | 
GOP: The party of lies and distortion #DumpTrump #FakePresident @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ WAR HAWK BOLTON✔️✔️ 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation #news #breaking #fox 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Breaking: China nixed CDC team’s help as coronavirus broke out: Azar #tcot 
Cc: .⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Holocaust survivor, 94, forms unlikely friendship with NYC middle schooler over German language 
@SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenRickScott @SenatorBraun @SenJoniErnst @SenatorLankford SMOKING GUN! 
Schumer is a lying ass at best. 
Most #viral News Now: Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachmen.. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Trump 2020!! 
On calls for more witnesses, Senator Chuck Schumer says, "A majority of Republicans, close to 60% of Republicans, think witnesses and documents are fair." 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff | 
Malcolm Nance: This is ‘the dawn of the DNC hacking 2.0’ 
Betting that ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ is telling the truth here. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | Crooked,liar and part of the cover-up! 
@RoyBlunt @POTUS 7 out 10 want witnesses! 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Schiff summarizes why The Worm needs to go. Here's the whole ball of wax on the impeachment...... 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
"The idea that this guy can say, 'Well, I can shoot people'...that, to me, is a precedent," @HardballChris says, referencing a line spoken by Trump during the 2016 campaign. "It may not be in the law, but we're going to show it again and again in history." 
@PrisonPlanet xenophobia??? British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
I have a deep respect (militarily) for John Kelly, but he didn't serve the country well under @realDonaldTrump's Chief of Staff. 
Disgusting ALL about $!The travel ban should have been done way before now!]WTF only 5 cases no fatalities! Yeah yet why do we wait until people die to take action! #banchinatravel As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Did these senators listen to the same explanations than you watch? Dershowitz gave all of us a Constitutional course on the Impeachment,end this sham#MAGA 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script GET ON THIS ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ America is disgusted and tired of this ! Our President is innocent and you know it ! 
Fmr. Sen. @clairecmc to current Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) who criticized Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman: I think you meant to criticize Pres. Trump. Watch more: #11thHour 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought Yes This Is Very Serious! We Need Fact Witnesses to testify &amp; All supporting documents &amp; evidence to be submitted #IMPOTUS @GOP @AP @Reuters @BBCWorld 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Chris Matthews: It's a 'LOL' that Trump didn't abuse power 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument #AAG #AAG2020 
@AnonymousDenGuy Agreed, this POS @realDonaldTrump needs to stop brokering the next generation to fund his current fixed economy. There’s no reason for deficit spending when the economy is “great.” 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
They know better and better is expected of them. You have one job, and you need to learn the truth. Share. Repeat. Reflect. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #ReligionOfPeace right? #Moronic Sharia law should fade into history and looked upon as idiotic just as the #SalemWitchTrials are today. 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes is taken down on @amjoyshow Thx, @DavidJollyFL @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom 
@B_rrraaad @benshapiro Listen to the 1.5 hour talk Trump had at a small meeting including gangsters Parnas and Fruman. Interesting given Trump repeatedly said he doesn’t know them. Trump demandes the US ambassador be “taken out” when Parnas told him she was bashing him. 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
Pam Bondi: Hunter Biden's decision to join Burisma raised red flags almost immediately | 
New ad from conservative group criticizes Sen. McSally 
(Trump scrambles after sharing Social Security plan (If you don’t think #IMPOTUS &amp; ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ would cut Medicare &amp; Soc. Sec., you’ve been watching only ⁦@FoxNews⁩ ) ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦@courierjournal⁩ ⁦@AmyMcGrathKY⁩ 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Obama speaks up as Trump targets Dreamers #동 #아가다경자홍문 #당 #홍경자 #홍 #경자홍 #트리플8 #홍홍 #홍문 #홍홍홍 
Hillary wants to sweep in last minute if Trump is impeached and removed... that's her wet dream anyway. Lol Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@mjs1935 @JoseCastilloJr Yes. June 2018. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
: Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters. @GoogleNews 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@cnnbrk Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Little Don “ lemonade” Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Best recruiter for Donald J Trump reelection in 2020!!!! 
.@JoeNBC had some thoughts on Ken Starr this morning: 
American Voter's Now We Know The Real Republican Story. This Time We're Gonna Get It Right.🗽🇺🇸🗽🇺🇸🗽🇺🇸 
Steve Cortes seem to be a strong tRump supporter when in fact he's pushed by tRump to speak up and defend me or else! Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. San Francisco’s head of Public Works, in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on #CLIMATE change #GlobalWarming #climatechange 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@bknelson83 @AndyOstroy @realDonaldTrump Nope... 
@mitchellvii I agree. Bernie will win. 
WATCH: Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Oh but Trump assures us everyday he doesn't lie &amp; he doesn't know him as he uses his power for personal gain and now we have recorded proof! Care to lie your way out of this one? @POTUS Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Impotus scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plans. His White House Budget plans have proposed tens of billions of dollars 💵 in cuts to Social Security. 😐 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script @senatemajldr Unacceptable 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Imagine my shock! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Lies lies lies and more mies -Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
It's really called Social Democracy, and she nails it!! 
@ItoniLl @donlemon is twisted in many ways! 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
A joyous affair as USS Lincoln arrives after 10-month deployment, sailors meet babies for first time👍👍👍 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law — what an archaic religion and practice - where is liberal outrage about this abhorrent treatment of women? 
@vexedinthecity @ezraklein Yawnnn... Old tired argument. You guys need to start coming up with new bull$iit 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ Absolutely 🇺🇸 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
"Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation" He's right. What Schumer did is typically despicable. Watch 
This is horrifying. It will be a communist shitshow if @SenSanders" is elected. Shutting down people you disagree with is pathetic and anti-American. &gt;&gt; How Bernie Sanders supporters shut down a Donald Trump rally in Chicago" 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse a Democrat from #RI doesn’t believe a crimes has to be committed to be impeached #WalkAway 
Rep. Demings: ‘Take her out’ line usually comes from mobsters 
“the president and his team have had months to come up with real-world examples of the House utilizing an improper process. To date, they’ve found nothing coherent to complain about:” 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Has anyone ever called for a moment of silence for the kids killed daily in Chicago? 
And if they don't... They're in on it! And we are Russia 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff Democrats' mood sours after Trump defense team wraps up arguments. 
ICYMI►"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede Virginia residents, no matter the long shot, should start a petition drive if they really do NOT WANT their rights stripped. The invite/support is there 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize The old double standard strikes again!! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | he’s on a roll... better than Obama ever did! 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@SenateDems⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 🧐you should be careful what you wish for 💯💯 we all want Biden’s &amp; Schiff 2 testify 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify Explore the apps that are right for you at 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested He is a democrat and a Muslim two red flags! These cities are corrupt and filthy! 
@SenCoryGardner @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @LamarAlexander @MittRomney @SenThomTillis @DougJones @SenMcSallyAZ @sendavidperdue NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials. WE WANT WITNESSES!! 
"During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory" 
Jessica Simpson admits she always had alcohol cup 'filled to the rim' with her before sobriety - 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. Coming to America, soon. 
@pryboy @samstein Actually, Lev admits he made this up; and now regrets it. 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment' 
Trump supporter Graham panned by Senate candidate for SC Harrison 
Schumer criticizes Republicans for their handling of the impeachment trial 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
@kim20drain @RepAdamSchiff On top of that, Trump lies about knowing Parnas, tasked in the scheme to get rid of anti,-corruption Amb. Yovanovitch, putting her life at risk, assassinating her character. Which was caught on tape. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus' 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Yes, #Trump's afraid of running against #Biden, so he curses Biden. Trump probably curses God. Nearly everybody knows where Trump is going to. Trump is going down. 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Does this mean more fires? Paul &amp; Nancy Pelosi Charitable Foundation. Q 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
A press release from CNN today announced Lemon's show would have another clown as guest host while he sought medical treatment. Lemon's head had apparently spent so much time stuck up his own a** that his nostrils and ear canals were clogged with sh*t. 
@senatemajldr get to damn work !We are sick of this shit show it’s an embarrassment this is your Senate!The House doesn’t dictate the rules!Pressure @SenatorRomney @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCoryGardner and whatever weak Repubs r on the fence! 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', 'made points for us' 
The American people do! At least 2 thirds of us do. 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' Romney is a raunchy rino who will be voted out of office for going against the President’s agenda for our country. Romney blew his chance! 
"Is Ken Starr being misleading on purpose? Yes. We know that because he pushed for impeaching Clinton for abuse of power." @AriMelber breaks down key moments from Day 6 of the Senate impeachment trial. 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
This is REALLY REALLY great. Thank you @KatyTurNBC! On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #YangGang @AndrewYang 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" The murderers, of Ambassador Stevens, are still at large! WHY?? 
`Former Senator Claire McCaskill: @realDonaldTrump's Lawyer Just Stood In Front Of The Chief Justice Of The Supreme Court And Lied #TrumpsRemovalTrial 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 GO NEW JERSEY 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Gun rights activists rally against gun control legislation in Richmond 
@senatemajldr Moscow Mitch, this one's for you... 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Because the CCP doesn’t want people knowing the truth about the outbreak... which I would wager they are directly responsible for. 
Wednesday's Mini-Report, 1.22.20: Today's edition of quick hits. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" that would steal money from the poor. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
"Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas" 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
@neal_katyal @gtconway3d Especially when Trump openly boasts about intentionally hiding all the evidence 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
White House budget plans proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to Social Security. **Read Trump’s budget plan, repudiated by lawmakers 
SNL takes on the impeachment trial with former SNL cast member Jon Lovitz and the night's host, Adam Driver, making appearances. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
——— SmartNews Don lemon is a total leftist lunatic asshole 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza . Trump is awesome but don't get your hopes up. I don't believe the Palestinians want peace. 
NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci on efforts to contain, combat the coronavirus | 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you | 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Wendy Williams and Kevin Hunter finalize divorce: reports 
..Psychiatrist: Trump's projection on Chairman Schiff is ‘primitive’ 
Smile @PamBondi ! 
Joe Biden: I have nothing to defend, this is all a game Biden couldn't get out of that interview fast enough. You never see Trump run from a tough question. Would you have done nothing wrong politically there's nothing to run from 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Easy solution... Gas up the drone... Got another target! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
"We have evidence here... that [Pres. Trump] is aware of the fact that Ukraine very much needs American military assistance," says Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, of audio appearing to show Trump asking Parnas about the value of US aid to Ukraine. 
@atrupar does retired Marine Corps General, AND trump's former COS, John Kelly suffice, randall? @RandPaul #youpussy 
Hi @montie I saw this, and thought of you ... 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO #AAG #AAG2020 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering... 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
From Discover on Google 
@RodsandReeds @BarneyR54068603 @cornisgrass @Biden_Front @BernieSanders Lol, these pathetic efforts are really doing the job. 👍 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Never Trumpers fight back! Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Cal is getting just what they wanted! Be careful for what you wish. 
Rep. Demings: 'Take her out' line usually comes from mobsters 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a "homework assignment" 
Sen. Klobuchar on Bolton book manuscript: "I literally do not understand how our colleagues can justify this." 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Bolton was a disgruntled fired employee with the motive of money and trashing Trump for personal revenge. 
#mssNews #MITAM Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
"Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics" @kfrancisco @davebangert @szygmunt @Hoosier47906 @qbgtwo @mostlyataloss 
What's worse than government? Tech companies.. 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
On-Air Quote From CNN's Don Lemon in January 2020: Ask anyone who knows me, they'll tell you- I don't believe in belittling people, belittling anyone for who they are, what they believe, or where they're from." On-Air Quote From Don Lemon in... 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
The feud between Trump, Bloomberg heats up 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@JudiciaryGOP @SteveScalise @FoxNews This is our corruption fighting president. 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' “? U don’t have a clue what he said but even if he claimed it, the $ was released w/o pre-conditions so that makes it moot. BIG nothing burger 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@dcexaminer @donlemon @TheRickWilson @WajahatAli @realDonaldTrump Profiting off the presidency? Nahh. Not #donald. #MAGA #Pompeo #ConfederacyOfDunces #Bangladesh #SenateCoverup. 
@CNN @cnni This is an understatement and long overdue. #boycottCNN #boycottDonLemon He's a hypocrite, divisive, racist, sexual harasser. Can't trust. Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
U.S. Senators playing games and drawing during Impeachment Trial. #MoscowMitchTraitor #FakePotus @marklevinshow @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews @RealMuckmaker @TeaPainUSA @crystalline_02 @DearAuntCrabby 
Real news is deficit = $2.5 trillion in 2030. $1.8 trillion in current law baseline. Plus 0.7 under alternative (realistic) baseline scenario . US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
@TheRickWilson Rick owning Steve Cortes 
Podcast: Bolton book revelations reverberate as Senate weighs choice; Pompeo boots NPR from plane; Avenatti googled insider trading 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
@SpeakerPelosi DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ the United states is screwed up because of the man the people put in office, the other Republican Presidents was better 
Is there still trust in the Media? #EnemyOfThePeople Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
I wonder why the fox news channel's sound is not working while the Democratic Party make their case to the American people... Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president seriously where are the #bodies buried ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ and the rest of his #party are making it clear! They will keep the bodies hidden for a slimy donthecon! The bitch that grabs! SMDH 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight the App. Be scared losers, be very scared 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
💥San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
China is hiding the real extent of the Wuhan virus epidemic. They don't want the world to know how badly they fucked up, again. #Wuhanvirus #Coronavirus China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew - - 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ -you’re not only a RACIST BIGOT but a LIAR to!!! 
Don Lemon is getting old, his round baby cheeks and died hair are looking grotesque, the coquettish manner with 5 o'clock shadow clownish. That's the best CNN can do. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Face it ⁦⁦@BernieSanders⁩ you are going to be #Clintoned AGAIN. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
I have been following the impeachment trial. I like this interview because it really shows how the GOP has NO defense for tRump. 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn't want a fair trial 
@realDonaldTrump Correct URL: 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump. New polls. Hmmm, Interesting information. 51% more think impeachment and remove from office. What do u think. 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
This what I keep trying to get across. 
It's the little things that make me smile. 
@realDonaldTrump unveils peace plan between Israel and Palestine .... 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
Marathon first day of Pres. Trump's impeachment trial goes past midnight 
@NHMommy1 @BluesBrother91 @RMachArts @wmahoney5 @blcartwright @ja1rad @SpicyNoodles2 @SassExtra @mizdonna @salty_dawg69 @weebutmightiest @WilhelmDerErste @DrPainsInfo @chriswray3 @Joe_Logical @TexasKelGirl @HankMullaney @TheRand2025 @ByronFackenthal @birockin @coco_bean88 @jellen805 @mom_grateful @AllanKirkhart @JonAdam24656739 @unseen1_unseen @sportsmom9433 @jskielb3 @politicalwilli @KellySunshineT1 @sc_lorraine @JayVanorman @textranquilo @ModBond1 @LeighStagger @olystubbies44 @blc3428 @BS2KZ @TurntableKittah @is_contagious @AuntieVodkahhh @Debbie22210 @SonofMan__2 @RickCrainium @Boozy2B @RadGeekpartduex @PlimouthOutWest @markjohnt2 "As of today, 50 U.S. service members have been diagnosed with TBI [traumatic brain injury]," Defense Department spokesman Lt. Col. Thomas Campbell said in a statement. 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 100,000 ticket request for Facility that holds 7,500. Just one of many reasons I don’t trust polls. 
CONFINE THISE IDIOTS-/-Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Too many egoists only trying to impress each other. No one else cares. Junk them all. Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Meadows won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
@AltNellGwyn Oh my God! I just rewatched it. The questioning by the entire panel was brilliant! Here-you’ll need to play the 3 or 4 separate segments in this link (couldn’t find the complete segment on YouTube yet) 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS / 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Peter Schweizer on media bias, his new book and the 'two sides to Joe Biden' 
@joano24 @KellyO @NBCPolitics let's share this: 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
Thousands of NJ voters have been waiting more than 48 hours to hear from @POTUS. Why? Because they know full-well that @realDonaldTrump’s policies and strong economy have put more money in their pockets. Socialism creates poverty, not prosperity. #KAG 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views. Yet the LGBTQ says nothing to Muslims and Muslims are the ones throwing them off roofs. The LGBTQ is a Christian-phobic bigoted hate group. 
Adam Schiff-Ukraine connection comes under scrutiny | 
@annableigh @JGlenn0819 Sanders has more female donors than any other candidate. Also, 
"His silence is one of the most defining and problematic features of this entire issue." Joyce Vance comments on Sec. Pompeo's response to evidence that suggests Giuliani associate surveilled fmr. Amb. Yovanovitch. 
Golly gee whiz, I sure do wonder why corrupt, criminal, traitor Trump keeps blocking Bolton &amp; other witnesses from testifying. You have to be severely mentally challenged to believe that Trump is “innocent.” 🙄 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
#ICYMI-Former Republican member of Congress @CarlosCurbelo: ‘I find #LevParnas credible’ @amjoyshow 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
He did, and we’ve known that for months. 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
Sen. Blumenthal: ‘Proof is overwhelming’ that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 
Hey Comrade Bern aka @SenSanders aka @BernieSanders, Does it feel like 2016 deja vu getting ROYALY SCREWED by @HillaryClinton &amp; @DNC all over again N 2020 NO IFS, ANDS R BUTTS They're FUCKING U OUT OF THE NOMINATION again &amp; U R just taking it N the ASS 
From Discover on Google 
Democrats continue their #ImpeachmentCircus, @CNN calls million's of Americans dumb, illiterate, deplorables! Meanwhile, Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally! That's ok, we're going to make #LiberalsCryAgian on Nov, 3rd #Trump2020 
@EngineDaveTTV @AndyOstroy @realDonaldTrump Of course, and they manufactured the entire website and all of the stories contained within. It's an awful lot of work just to post a photo on Twitter... 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede | 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
🇺🇸🇺🇸🃏💯I think the ratio strategy is brilliant. Let’s do 3 to 1! GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Fmr. Amb. Susan Rice discusses how President Trump has used foreign relations to "advance his personal political gain." 
This one "Steve" is in the trump-threateners team. He sounded like all those morons do. "Sure article 1 is good, but he wasn't in PA when that happened" @ 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views. They want the borders open to everyone, but God's word is banned. 
@tamikawat @DCotter1 @ChrisCuomo Entire recording isn't public yet. Key snippet was played last night on . Might be here: 
Shiffft is a crook.Full of lies. Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial 
#Socialist @BernieSanders got rich off #Capitalism not #Socialism | wake up Bernie voters - he wants more of your hard earned #Capital | Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
@senatemajldr @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi @gtconway3d @MalcolmNance @RepAdamSchiff @realDonaldTrump @RWPUSA @tribelaw @WhiteHouse @JoeNBC @maddow @joncoopertweets @JerryNadler Hmm...think he don't need to be a WITNESS??? 
@RobHunyady Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Um The Ry-no's need to get it together. 
#ITSoW: Google just created the most detailed image of a brain yet.. 
I Can See How This Is Going Down Already... Clinton's Corrupt Allies, Barney Frank &amp; John Podesta Named To Key Dem Convention Committees Setting Up Her Players For Bernie To Be Screwed. His Supporters Are Fuming! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Joy Reid: Democrats ‘hate the president’ is not a legal argument 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
⁦@LindseyGrahamSC I suppose you are ignoring this too?⁩ trump is guilty as much as anyone can be! Trump must be REMOVED! ⁦@HouseGOP ⁦@SenateRepCaucus⁩ Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
"If compelling evidence falls in a GOP-led Senate, and Republicans don't want to consider it, does it really make a sound? The answer is, maybe." - Rachel #Maddow - #ThursdayThoughts 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Gotta love it. 
.@JoeNBC says a "confederacy of dunces" defended President Trump at the Senate impeachment trial. 
How long under Democratic rule before this comes as a regular occurrence in the USA? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
President Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." @NicolleDWallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Please import this shit to America ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Good. They claim to be so great. 
1-28-20 : 49ers' Jimmy Garoppolo reveals text from Tom Brady ahead of Super Bowl LIV. 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been #SmartNews The only stupid snake in here today is the imbecile of Tucker Carlson, the man is repulsive as Trump 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial CALL F $CKING RUSSIA AGAIN! 
Time for a Travel Ban #KungFlu #Trump2020landslide 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
America's top 5 deadliest cities all run by LIBERALS 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner #SmartNews 
@AdamParkhomenko @Peteydeesmith54 I'd like to know how she explains holding her seat longer than two terms... 
@SenSanders So where did your money come from? 
Bolton testimony would open can of worms that could lead to Trump being put on stand, Judge Napolitano says Napolitano said before that a crime didn't have to happen for the impeachment. It's just funny how that has contradiction. 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@waltshaub @pkehl54 THE SINGLE most alarming thing is that they have been allowed to get away with it from the get go. Barr wasn't impeached. Or even that *America* allows employing a crook as head of American justice when he was disgraced for lying to Congress before. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ⁦@MrCleanSF⁩ shame on you!! Is there no one in politics that are above board?? ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ this is YOUR California!! Turn the state RED!! Better off for sure!! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that ⁦ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" I WILL NEVER CUT SOCIAL SECURITY , MEDICARE , MEDICAID , SNAP , INSURANCE FOR THE KIDS, FREE BREAKFAST AND LUNCH PROGRAMS TRUMP SAID . BUT LOOK AT WHAT HE IS SAYING NOW 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Claire McCaskill: GOP ‘twisting’ impeachment process ‘beyond recognition’ 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Video: Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Forget Uber I may apply to be an Oscar Mayer Wiener Mobile driver 😜 Oscar Mayer now hiring Wienermobile drivers for 2020 class Explore the apps that are right for you at 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors - - 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
As the first day of Democratic opening statements ended, Chief Justice Roberts gave senators a new “homework assignment.” 
Let’s be clear. The only person ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ cares about is himself. He’s used his positions to line the pockets of himself and his family. Wake up! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him rich 
"BREAKING NEWS" Sanders Supporters Piss-Off As Clinton Allies Named To Key Dem Convention Committees. 
Journalist @mehdirhasan alleges that the #Trump administration is “taking gaslighting to new level” @amjoyshow 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
@RepMarkMeadows Yeah genius the facts haven’t changed , your President is a criminal and Republicans are traitors!! 
msnbcTV Lawrence, Nadler is not cut out for that which you speak. We should have nailed his ass. You can't take your foot off the throttle with these thugs. They will smell weakness immediately and go in for the kill. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Neal Katyal: Trump trying to use executive privilege to hide from American people 
The Trumps should sue for defamation @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 
Congenital Liar &amp; Serial leaker is furious Trump lawyers called him a liar to his face But #, #ChrisMatthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ ICYM # is the network that said: impeachment started on day 2 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been #SmartNews 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Why do other states have to pay for crime in other states? 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Give ‘em heck #Ivanka 😍#CNN #DonLemon &amp; his cretinous bosom buddies are lowlife Losers pretending to be “NewsReporters”. “Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Sen. Romney's global opportunity defending the U.S. Constitution and Rule of Law for Trials and Impeachments. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | #JumpShip #RedWave #TheWinningTeam #TrumpPence2020 
Is @SenAngusKing so old he too didn’t read all of the proof and watch tRump indict himself?’This is more serious than I thought.’ #Doh 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #SanFrancisco ~ 
@realDonaldTrump Guess What? Your lawyers lied to the Senate today! 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump. Wow, .........:::::::........!!!!!!! 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@SenSanders For a socialist, you sure do like to make your money using Captialism and must really enjoy enriching your family. Interesting how you funnel campaign money through LLC's getting family kickbacks on media buying using those funds. 
Media expert: The GOP has divorced itself from reality 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been | 
Palestenians are objecting, proving the don't want peace. 
#QAnon Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo 
Bovis, was arrested in 1993 and charged with second degree robbery and use of a firearm in commission of a felony. Convicted of second degree robbery in 1996 and sentenced to five years in prison. Shortly after he took over the city’s iconic sports bar. 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Buttigieg: ‘This election process is about what happens after Donald Trump’ 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
@sempai_studios @Bavasser11 @RaheemKassam @PamBondi Now trump 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza "This is a great deal," Trump said. "And the Palestinians may not have this opportunity ever again." 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Quite interesting is the seeming timing of “bombshell” books that profit some who have been among the most dishonest and damaging authors of US policy. #US #books #timing #profit #bias 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
@realDonaldTrump Fifty percent told that Trump should be convicted and removed, and 44% said he should not. 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" @realDonaldTrump We believe BOLTON. NOT YOU. 💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣 
Given the dire rhetoric of Sanders, Warren and others, you might also be surprised to learn that the federal government already has numerous student debt cancellation programs. 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others Yes if they don’t we the millions of voters will show them in donations &amp; votes at poll what we really think of them 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Arrogant trash 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Patrick Mahomes' Texas Tech coach gives Super Bowl ticket to quarterback's high school coach - 
First, the idea that Democrats – who created Social Security and have spent the better part of a century championing it – are “going to destroy” the social-insurance... 
17 states submit proposals to host Hyperloop certification center #RenewableEnergy #SolarPV #SolarMasons #SolarEnergy 
Today's homepage features 47 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments... 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
@Talkmaster Apparently you could benefit from a little education. 
Bernie Sanders is looking indestructible: Financial Times 
Where are they now? 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 😮😮😮 
NBC%2520News%2520Poll%253A%2520Trump%2520losing%2520support%2520among%2520women%2520voters 
"If it's authenticated, what bothers me the most ... is this line, 'take her out,'" Rep. Demings said. "As a former law enforcement officer, that line usually comes out of the mouths of gangsters or mobsters or gang members." 
Chris Matthews on message to GOP senators: 'Not only did [Trump] do this... he will keep doing it' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
CNN? Propaganda and ONLY propaganda. Tulsi Gabbard rips #CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Oh give me a break liberals. From Discover on Google 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' You must be proud. @SenFeinstein 
Hannity: The American people are the ultimate jury 
I'm running away from the forest so read #FishingForRobots #ServiceDesign #AmWriting #Hockey #GuildBulletin #Freebies #GreenNewDeal #Freebies #TrenRoca #Eris #HealthyRecipes @FMC_RTs @BlazedRTs #NonExecs #PHP #Eventi @DNRRTs #MachineLearning 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators he doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses | 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | 
Because they're traitors and not patriots. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Senate Dem #VanHollen: 'Impossible' not to summon Bolton for testimony after bombshell report Fact witness my ass. Did congress have any ? #hypocrisy 
I admit was WRONG when was excited about Bolton joining Trump Admin-Bolton ended up wanting 2 use Military force in BIG WAYS &amp; could have started Wars! Trump WAS RIGHT TO FIRE! Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
On third day of opening statements, new audio appears to confirm Trump's role in Ukraine plot 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
"This was about a political operative doing the work of the president as his personal lawyer and the work being for the political, personal benefit of the president as opposed to in the interest of national security," Sen. Harris says of Rudy Giuliani. 
@CFlyingBanana @_The33 @SHAQ @kobebryant Keep worshipping those false gods 
So True, Newt... So True!!! Newt Gingrich: Ocasio-Cortez is vicious, cruel and dishonest – And determined to destroy the America we know | 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
OMG! I CERTAINLY HOPE the Trump lawyers' lies cost them! 
describes Ken Starr as "the independent counsel who investigated Bill Clinton's affair with a White House intern." Wrong. He investigated Bill Clinton's potential perjury and obstruction of justice over a White House intern. 
They will never be a more pro Israel President in history 
Waiting for the third way meltdown to begin. 
Benjamin Netanyahu: 'A lot' has changed after killing of Iranian terrorist Soleimani 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Nuclear fallout exposes fake 'antique' whisky 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments - - 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@JerryMoran @SenPatRoberts @lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins @SenAlexander @BenSasse @MittRomney @SenCoryGardner @WalshFreedom #rightmatters Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 are ALL counting the days 🗓 when we🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
The people will revolt because they can vote. Republican Senators are self-serving just as the President of the United States is. Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
@prageru OF COURSE, Can't have the CDC investigate Communist Corruption! 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Former Watergate prosecutor slams Trump lawyers’ arguments 
#impeachment Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
CNN panel under fire for trashing Trump supporters #AAG #AAG2020 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Let us investigate Diane Feinstein who is owned by by China. Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
GOP senator says his colleagues haven't read up on the Trump case 
.@MaddowBlog: Pres. Trump’s curious trial boast: "We have all the material." 
It's good to have Rand Paul on our side right now, he was written by #NRWP Founder to consider his future in the #RightWing. Hopefully the #FLI (#FarLeft Infiltrator, pronounced Fly) Mitt Romney follows his lead... #RomneyIsDone #RightWingWorldUnite 
President Trump appears to be seen briefly on cell phone video @NBCNews has obtained from Les Parnas his attorney. The audio recording is over an hour long. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied Claire McCaskill, Chuck Rosenberg and Michael... 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@BruceBartlett That's why Republicans became Putin's ally when he passed his anti-gay law in 2013. 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Test drive: The 2020 Chevrolet Silverado diesel is a smooth operator 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid the impeachment fight. Not one Democrat can do this. Not one. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
Pursuant to @maddow reporting of POTUS position in doing away with the FCPA (Miller's Executive Order)... What countries are the Trump Org. currently or wanting to be bribing? Yes, the children have been vocal about foreign prospects. 
ESPN anchor's touching tribute to Kobe Bryant goes viral 
@TedCruz #RussianAsset resume: 
Varney makes bold prediction ahead of Iowa caucuses: 'Huge problem for the party' 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
"Friday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.24.20" 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say #news 
"...the idea that Democrats – who created Social Security and have spent the better part of a century championing it – are “going to destroy” the social-insurance program is plainly ridiculous." 
WATCH OUT, ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ THEY’LL TRY TO “screwwwwww you again” &amp; put in another ‘Chosen 1’! I don’t really ‘gas’ as ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ WILL WIN ANYWAY! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
.@AriMelber: 'Constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
@terrimore1 it's really important that everyone has a basic understanding of what's going on. So I found an article for you explaining the charges. Please read it. It's from Fox news, even, so you won't immediately dismiss it. 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' - @GoogleNews 
@bennyjohnson One man's "spy" is another man's "whistleblower". Not just recorded ….. videotaped 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
"The emerging case against Trump, presented on the Senate floor, a case reverberating around the nation." @AriMelber breaks down important moments from opening arguments of President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Vote this f☆☆kers out of office, actually vote them out and then lock them up for effectively being #traitors acting against 🇺🇸 national security due to their support for 🍊🤡 Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
The police had to Ketch-up to him😃 And then they were Frank with him 😃 ...then they probably told him to "Get a long little Doggy"😃 👇 Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Impeachment trial is a 'dynamic' situation for GOP senators SECRET BALLOTS LET CONSCIENCE VOTE NOTTTTT THREATS TO GOP+FAMILIES 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear 2 support acquittal. Well, that'd be good &amp; while I can respect that. It's what should've done in the 1st place, but didn't. Playin' nice with these dems puts U in this place! 
In this week's episode of #WITHPod, @chrislhayes speaks to ESPN writer Howard Bryant about the intersection of racial politics and a very lucrative professional sports industry. 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war... 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
49ers' Jimmy Garoppolo reveals text from Tom Brady ahead of Super Bowl LIV 
NPR reporter says Pompeo shouted, cursed at her after she pressed him on Ukraine during interview 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan #news 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica #cuba 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call | Video 
This behavior by @SecPompeo is disgraceful on so many levels. @NPR is respectable and its journalists have integrity, unlike this administration that is mired in so many scandals it is difficult to keep track. @NPRKelly, I wish you continued strength. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Trump has told 13,435 lies while in office 
Republicans aim to suppress your vote; how you can stop them 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
This is what it is all about !!! Rev. Franklin Graham on the importance of preserving faith 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source If they vote for witnesses then I’m ok with plan B with a one for one trade off but I don’t see Schumer doing that. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
49ers' Jimmy Garoppolo reveals text from Tom Brady ahead of Super Bowl LIV 
@ABCPolitics ABC News' George Stephanopoulos cuts short Trump lawyer Q&amp;A with throat-slash gesture 
@MarthaMcSally @SenatorSinema Speaking for 4 of your voting constituents, we agree with the majority of Americans - allow witnesses to testify at the Impeachment Trial!! #ImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrials #WitnessesAndDocuments 
@ Yes, but the Dems could have taken a day to acknowledge the nepotism of Hunter Biden, and spent most of the time trashing the nepotism of Trump's spawn.. Now it will be 3 days focused on the Bidens.. - Dems succeeded in debunking the 'perfect phone call' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
This is very reasonable and workable plan. Thank you ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
*In my Daveed Diggs Voice* *ahem* “You don’t have the votes! You don’t have the votes! Ah aha ah ah ha! You’re gonna need majority approval, and you don’t have the votes!” 🤣 #ImpeachmentTrial #Trump #Hamilton 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
@realDonaldTrump @wef National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ 
@mistrrhappy @Bakari_Sellers Where have you been? This has been all over the news. I am trying to find the actual video. They cut the video to not include Biden’s entire comment. This lead viewers to take his statement out of context. 
West Virginia governor urges Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government to join his staff #AAG #AAG2020 
@rancho_steve @jodgusdonway @ewarren @DMRegister Way to step up the unity message. And way to overinflate the appetite America actually has for a freak like Nikki Haley who couldn't get more than 50 people to attend her Tea Party "rally" 
This is ridiculous! "By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
It's shameful to see Republicans who would rather score points with the left than support our president. It's time to end this partisan sham, and move on. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan Shameful! Media only interested in vilifying President Trump! 
Rep. Schiff on possibility of witness trading in impeachment trial: "Trials aren't trades for witnesses." 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial 
"GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns" 
Schiff is a lying, vindictive individual not worthy to be in Congress. America is tired of the lies &amp; those in the media who condone his abhorent behavior. Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
SUICIDE ATTEMPT: Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll #AAG #AAG2020 
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @GOP @foxnation @foxnewsalert @cnnbrk @cnni @TheDemocrats @senatemajldr @GOPLeader @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerPelosi AND AGAIN ITS SAID OUT LOUD!! IS THE GOP HEARING OR JUST STAYING STUPID? 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
WATCH: @mayawiley says Democratic impeachment managers are presenting evidence in a way that reminds senators and the public of all the facts, and how those facts paint a picture of "corrupt intent" by President Trump. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change “go vote for someone else” 
America's top 5 deadliest cities DEMOCRAT cities ALL!! 
Murdosky ,Romney,Collins,Garner, McSally, are Rhino's and should be voted out of the Republican Party.Obviosly they are grandstanding and this one will bite them Party.Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Mr.President and Mr.Netanyahu Why the Palestinians are not PRESENT? PITY. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Almost as curious as @joniernst tonight, almost. 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' #ConvictTrump #WhitewashMitch #MoscowMitch #TrumpUkraine #TrumpRussia #IMPOTUS 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Sen. Blumenthal: ‘Proof is overwhelming’ that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation head on a pike.. 
This Senator from #Oklahoma is betraying his oath. Also, lying about #GOP economics and its effects and how economics works in general. GOP senator: New audio tape 'not really relevant' #LankfordSenate #OKGov #OKCPolitics #OKSen #JamesLankford 
Of course @JoeNBC thought Pompeo was going to be good. Remember he was a part of the Tea Party aka Freedom Party. #MorningJoe 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Bloomberg greets dog by shaking its mouth. What's wrong with these people? 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #Topbuzz 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Steve Benen's article on The Maddow Blog are usually terrific. Like this one. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #MAGA #trump2020 Best President ever 🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash RIP Kobe &amp; daughter Gianna Larger than life In your 2nd chapter with coaching your daughter your academy You even won an Oscar #MambaForever #KobeBryant RIP Kobe @nbcnews 
Media expert: The @GOP has divorced itself from reality 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
@HawleyMO Maybe you can find a way to pimp your kid out on this one too. 
Humungus Editor-in-Chief John Devore talks about the reaction to Space Force's new camo-print uniforms, saying that the uniforms are "getting roasted on Twitter, because there are, of course, no trees in space." 
Trump’s impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #SmartNews 
Schumer: Bolton testimony ‘goes right to the heart of the charges against the president’ 
Very good interview with # reporter. On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Journo alleges Trump admin. is 'taking gaslighting to new level' 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Hey @MarkTLive at least they have the best of the best in charge of cleaning up SF! : San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. @GoogleNews 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@BernieSanders BREAKING NEWS: The Clinton allies named to the key convention committees I called this long ago, Obama trashed Bernie, Hillary trashed Bernie now they are stacking the committee to out him regardless of votes 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
@FunkneeTelly @BlackNewsPortal You know what's worse? 3 days before Kobe was charged, she was seen by more than 5 people bragging about her encounter with Kobe. 
The Week in Pictures: Marine One above Davos clouds, a dust storm bigger than the U.K., a coronavirus outbreak and more. 
Coach K remembers Kobe, berates fans as Duke beats Pitt 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@POTUS Your VP is going Rogue! Gee, that's too bad! 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office I can't see the American people wanting Trump removed the economy is doing well! The only people who want him gone are the Democratic socialist in office! 
.@realdonaldtrump I disagree, I think you KNOW you are destroying America. Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
6 of 10 Americans believe Trump abused his power. Nadler explains why that matters so much, and flat out calls Dershowitz a liar. "House Judiciary Chair, Rep. Jerry... 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Bolton's Chief of Staff at the National Security Council published an op-ed at FoxNews expressing his horror that Bolton submitted his book for security review to the "leak-prone..." [reads next words] "National Security Council"🧐 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Why are they so scared? Allow witnesses to testify. #WitnessesAndDocuments #AdamSchiffHasMyRespect #AmericansWantWitnesses 
@RepLeeZeldin The “whistleblower” should be called as a “witness” first! “WB” has disturbing, shady dealings that must be investigated. Let’s go! Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff 
: Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves. @GoogleNews 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses @lisamurkowski 
@FrancisTheSailr @davidmweissman @realDonaldTrump It's pretty telling that the only thing he thinks helps him is the version of the "transcript" they didn't decide to lock away in a top secret vault. 
"He was in Congress for years," Clinton says in the soon-to-be-released 4-part documentary "Hillary." "Nobody likes him, nobody wants to work with him, he got nothing done. He was a career politician. It's all just baloney, and I feel so bad..." 
Shutt up Joe, Trump made more in three years than others in 24 years. Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
@senatemajldr Smoking gun, here! 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Rep. Schiff tells Meet the Press that he thinks President Trump's tweet this morning asserting that Schiff will pay a "price" for his role in the impeachment effort "is intended to be" a threat. 
During a break in the Senate Impeachment trial 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
#Trump #ImpeachmentTrial Defense Day 2 Cldn't watch today's #ImpeachmentTrial, so just learning @Maddow &amp; her excellent panel that #Bolton sez his ppl not responsible for MS leak, so it must've been leaked by #WH. Wow. TRMS clip: #ImpeachmentTrials 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
#CCP #coronavirus #SARS #China2025 #China2049 "Azar said the Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with outbreak responses." 
Rep. Zoe Lofgren on the new Bolton revelations: 'A game changer' 
Speaking of #RoeVsWade, we should all be aware of Biden’s evolutionary stance on women’s reproductive rights. It’s troubling. Even for msnbc. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
: San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. @GoogleNews 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@sfpelosi @GOP The #ENABLING and #COMPLICIT🙈🙉🙊🖕🏻#GOP👹 STILL “CAN’T HANDLE THE TRUTH” about 🖕🏻#tRUmp👹🇷🇺 🗣 #WhistleblowerComplaint #UkraineGate #SecretServer 🤬 cc: #ConcernedSusan #TroubledSusan #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ 📹 🎞 👉🏻 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Yes! : Supreme Court allows Trump administration to enforce 'public .... @GoogleNews 
Republicans aim to suppress your vote; how you can stop them 
@bluebristolian @dangnainan Ok then work out this hypocrisy by the Right. Deficit are bad yet Trumps says 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? #CNN #MSNBC 
Went wrong or Went very Right.... Trap Set. #BoltonBait 
Chris Hayes in front of a live studio audience 
@Barnes_Law @greg_price11 "Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
#TrumpRallyNJ , at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument, right #JaySekulow ??? It's Propaganda... has nothing to do with FACTS. Please carry-on with Incompetent rhetoric. 
Miniature horse rides #SanFrancisco #BARTtrain There has to be a better way to help these people..it is so discourteous to force animals on people in public places..smells, #coronavirus, unsanitary, allergies..we banned smoking...⁦@RushLimbaughEIB⁩ 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Well what do you know crooked bunch Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine | 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
#BlackWomenLead #BlackWomen2020 Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Trump nightmare: Rebelling ex-aides testify at trial 
#SanFrancisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #California nut cases. #homeless 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Elizabeth Warren confronted by Iowa dad over student loan plan, saying people paying for tuition would get 'screwed' She laughs at him for exposing her idiotic plan. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Peter Schweizer: Elizabeth Warren used the same DC swamp 'tactics' she now bashes, 
The GOP are giving boar tits a run for their money. 
lil Justice for her. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | This is who Dems support in the US. ⁦@IlhanMN 
.@JoeNBC: Sen. Blackburn is attacking "the patriotism of an Iraq war hero." 
Can someone tell me what “color” tulsi is? Wtf? 
"In odd defense of Trump, @GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Puppy Bowl 2020: Where to watch and what to know 
Keep this sh¡t out of America. Notice the deafening silence from Democrats everytime this crap is exposed. 
Dems pounce in the D.C. Circuit court after Trumps' removal after impeachment lawyers contradict Trumps' DOJ McGahn subpoena lawyers _/¯😎_/¯ #RightMatters⚖ 
"Justice Department suing five companies over robocalls" FOX NEWS 
.@HardballChris’ new podcast “So You Wanna Be President? with Chris Matthews” will have six episodes covering six timeless themes that separate the winners from the losers. The first two episodes are out now! 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday - @GoogleNews 
Sen. Kennedy defends calling Pelosi 'dumb,' says impeachment is rigged like pro wrestling 'Smackdown' | 
"I believe that people are listening," Sen. Klobuchar "Adam Schiff's plea to our colleagues was, 'you know this isn't easy, but at some point, why are you here?' ... you're here because you're supposed to protect our Constitution." 
@ Peeps, it was Mary Louise KELLY not Mary Louise Parker as the article suggested. NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Damn Bernie gets screwed yet again! Bernie must not be very bright to come back and get screwed yet again! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Ari Melber: 'It's legal to lie on the Internet' Yes. It's called weak morals. You're not an Anglo-Saxon American in the tradition of George Washington, it's ok for you to lie. 
Why gun violence continues. 
@SenToomey The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence (w Sondland) regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
"Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock'" ~ DonTheCon is a lying pathetic doofus dotard! 
This should be a reminder of the morons who were against the killing of Soleimani and basically supporting Iran and their Sharia laws. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Good..👍👍 
Australian scientists grow copy of #coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 😳Wow, they grew a copy! 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book | . Even your ex chief of staff says: DON’T RELEASE THE BOOK!! 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
: #Trump admin threatens to revoke federal funding from #California over #abortion coverage mandate. @GoogleNews 
Islam being Islam Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Dr. Amesh Adalja: Coronavirus - addressing the potential of pre-symptomatic spread 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Let the American people decide. Unless of course, there is something to hide. 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it /r/politics 
Schiff wants a fair trial after running his kangaroo court ? Where is the hours of testimony from Mark Sandy and Michael Atkinson ? Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Finally a POTUS with balls! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
@realDonaldTrump Let's refresh. AGAIN White House announces it will not comply with 'illegitimate and unconstitutional' impeachment inquiry 
"Those waiting for 'the revenge,' however, will apparently have to keep waiting – because all the president’ lawyers had to offer was a peek into an alternate reality." 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
No one wants to watch these moronic #holiewudbubbledwellers trash our president. #Trump2020 #Ivanka2024 Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
From Discover on Google 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Hero of the day. From this morning's @98KUPD Brady Report - Man rescues freezing kittens stuck to ice by pouring coffee on them 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Non Partisan? Give me a break, but then what do I know, 
@BetaPsi77 @RonColeman @JaybeeStewee @walterdellinger I left the Republican Party before Trump. The writing was on the wall during the Obama Admin. The GOP has let the crazies take over. I'll Let Republican @RepPeteKing tell you. From 2015 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
"Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views" #tcot #kag 
@MarshaBlackburn Why do we need @GOP senators who don't understand the LAW? Wow! #RemoveTrump / #VoteDEM2020 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Bolton's book is gonna be a beauty. Don't like the ultra rw loon, but admire his zippitydoda 'get it up yea' Trumpy boy revenge. 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
WATCH: @AriMelber recaps Day One of opening arguments by Democratic Prosecutors 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
"Prisoner escapes authorities at Newark Airport, hides in ceiling: report" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
Of course they have the material because they are being withheld. 
SNL takes on the impeachment trial with former SNL cast member Jon Lovitz and the night's host, Adam Driver, making appearances. 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
@John Bolton to the respectable thing. $$$ not everything. DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
And just in today: 
China builds hospital to treat coronavirus, expands lockdowns to cover 10 cities 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script @jjauthor 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
@neontaster I used to think this, but then some poker player took this bet and did it and was totally fine. Turns out the naïve expectation is more right than the sophisticated one. it’s actually fine, just boring. 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
How dare this Senator want to keep his Oath to uphold the Constitution. 
@BrelandCraig @AineButlerSmith He did NOT win the civil case. He settled with her because he knew he was going to lose the civil trial. The charges were dropped because of his fame and wealth. I’m from CA. Why are you lying about the civil case? 
Dershowitz slams Maxine Waters: Founding Fathers 'expressly rejected' her 'lawless view' on impeaching Trump WHAT A GREAT JOB 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Glad they are getting them out of there. Protest them 🙏🏼. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
NEW: A 2nd coronavirus case has been confirmed in the US, the CDC says; the patient, a woman in her 60s, is hospitalized in Chicago, and is reportedly doing well. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Rem. Joy Reid got this wrong again @TNPatsFan @hawaiisenate @BreeneHarimoto @diego4oregon or @democratmachine @ronnoble59 or @jenniferjnolen @pepo4559 @lindaloew @thetatman3000 @RichardNStark fl @verityplayer @funkybuddhabead @AliciaHyndman ny 
Homeowners given $20G bill to clean up former California homeless camp - 
Yay! Another feather for the cap: 1. Deplorable 2. Uneducated 3. Flyover country 4. Racist . . . 78. credulous boomer rube 
Nicolle Wallace: Mitch McConnell 'playing with lit matches' during impeachment process 
Lemon lies; he enjoyed our denigration. It’s on tape: “I needed that”. We know he hates us: Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters ⁦⁦@KurtSchlichter⁩ 
@bloodrootholler @Andy_Levin @ewarren RIGGED by the DNC to make sure Bernie does not get enough delegates!! Why? Bernie wants to get rid if dirty $$ in politics but corrupt politicians like the bribe$. Warren can make promises but if money still runs everything then nothing will change! 
Despite Trump's rhetoric, more troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Trump slides in poll, even among Trump voters 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
@realDonaldTrump WATCH THE LEV PARNAS TAPE, IT'S BETTER THAN YOUR TRANSCRIPT! 
@JimInhofe @realDonaldTrump @ArthelNeville Truth 
"Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees" #tcot #kag 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears #coronaviruschina #neuromarketing #Health 
Former FBI Assistant Director Frank Figliuzzi says Parnas is unlikely to be a witness in Senate impeachment trial 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation # #TrumpsRemovalTrial 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Kobe Bryant's life and legacy 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
WARNING TO ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ &amp; ⁦@GOP⁩ SENATORS: This article is a MUST READ on ‘politicizing’ our ‘democracy’ that should SCARE the s**t OUT OF BOTH! Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
"The removal of Michele...comes days after Secretary Pompeo harshly criticized the work of an NPR host. We can only conclude that the State Department is retaliating against National Public Radio," the association's president said in a statement. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
How Iran imposes strict adherence to Islamic law with severe, inhuman punishment 
@RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump @SCOTUSblog @Scotus @tribelaw @SenateGOP @CREWcrew @NormEisen @GOP @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @OfficeGovEthics @JRubinBlogger @TeamPelosi @gtconway3d @HouseGOP @Tam_Resist @jaketapper @BradMossEsq @BrianKarem @Doh_Doh_Burrd @AdamParkhomenko @sfpelosi @lauferlaw @mrbromwich @PeteButtigieg @HouseJudiciary @Rosie @SoyBoyManBun @joe_kidder2 @JAlessandra9 @lLadyBing @HamillHimself @howroute @HoodlumRIP @stonecold2050 @billyjack2016 @jasonbaum @1213Shane @freddyatton @davidhogg111 @David_Leavitt @DonaldJTrumpJr @SenatorCollins Trump wanted us to get Ukraine to dig up dirt on Biden, it had nothing to do with corruption! Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 1 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
@realDonaldTrump Bummer for you, #ImpeachedForLife Spanky. 
CrazyJoe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Go figure! 
👍 👍 👍 As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #maga #kag #wwg1wga #greatawakening 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
.@JoeNBC: Sen. Blackburn is attacking "the patriotism of an Iraq war hero." 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga | Video ⁦@TuckerCarlson⁩ 💯💯 spot on !!! 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
With the new evidence, it’s not about getting removed from office anymore... It’s “What time?” 
Tucker Carlson asks why the media is ignoring more important stories in favor of impeachment trial 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied Isn't he a Trump appointee? He owes!!! 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@JRubinBlogger OH. SO HE DOES HAVE NOTHING!! Guess this the Posts way of issuing a rebuttal to previously published LIES!!! Between this, and that suspension, Post really treading water in that cred pool! 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
MAGA, right? 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Another setup ...... Go Trump 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
JUST IN: Plane carrying about 200 Americans from coronavirus-hit China lands in Anchorage in Alaska. 
John Bolton's book says Trump tied Ukraine aid to investigations 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@realDonaldTrump OK. Only if you and your cult watch this and reconcile how (per your remarks) "You don't know this Lev Parnas. You never met him. You don't know anything about him..." 
@jaketapper Conversation starter for today’s State of theUnion. 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
@realDonaldTrump Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
@GOP Which poll are you talking about? 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says #AAG #AAG2020 
@Mychellemyhart @LeeHolly81 @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN Here it is. I found it 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
"Rapper Lexii Alijai's cause of death revealed: report" 
Your guy lies about everything he possibly can. Even when he doesn't have to. Check out his actual words about one single deal. Why does he keep changing the $$ and no. of jobs? He literally cannot help himself. 
Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat Republican Rep. Doug Collins, who has been one of President Trump's defenders through the impeachment process, announces he will run for U.S. Senate on ‘Fox and Friends.’ 
Chris Wallace says he's struck by how Republicans have turned on John Bolton 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump In case you missed it. This is the people’s business 
Trump supporter Graham panned by Senate candidate for SC Harrison 
Chief of Staff Gen John Kelly states he believes John Bolton. That clears it up. Trump is lying. Kelly is also an honest man of integrity. 
Good to see the UN human rights council is working the way the members want it to. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
#WTAF→ #Female #flogging force unveiled in #Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate #Sharialaw, #ReligionOfPeace→ 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens'. This is excellent. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Justin Bieber admits he questioned if he could &amp;#039;be faithful&amp;#039; to Hailey Baldwin before marriage proposal... 
Yes, lets do that so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
Giant spider hauls away man's pet goldfish for dinner #PestControl #Spider 
To sum up, ken Starr is A TWAT chasing his own A hole! Enough said! Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Schumer: Republicans 'don't want to hear the true facts' during impeachment 
(FOX NEWS) - "How will Trump's 'public charge' rule affect immigrants? - Majority of illegal immigrants in US receiving taxpayer-funded government benefits." The rule, announced by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in Aug… 
Nuclear fallout exposes fake 'antique' whisky 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
legacy of one corrupt party rule in California San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Joe: Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
We don't hate Trump, we hate his lies, we hate his lack of humanity, we hate his character, we hate his criminal activity, we hate his his continuous pattern of deceit. Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
Well, it's the @TheDemocrats who made the rules. He can't just show up @nbcsnl style like #fredarmisen w/a #bigGulp so 'voters can evaluate him.' That'd be funny tho. #democraticdebate #rules #Bloomberg2020 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan “Last week, Trump abandoned his 2016 rhetoric and put entitlement cuts on the table. Now, he tries to clean up the mess.” @ 
#Republican #Senators. Oh! Look! Obstruction! Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight. Just awesome! 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries Do you think there will be witnesses and documents allowed in the Senate trial? Meanwhile Trump is in denial about the information released in the apparent Bolton book transcript.. 
: McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch'. @GoogleNews 
Abbas, the speed reader. #DealOfTheCentury 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
@GovMikeHuckabee @realDonaldTrump Oh, and this is so respectful. You self righteous hypocrites have zero credibility with me. 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
Dirty and crooked is no way to run a city!!😜😜😜San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Communist China refused CDC’s offer to send team to help contain the deadly coronavirus. 
Hillary, Obama &amp; Soros still pulling the strings at the @DNC This just shows that no mater what happens in the Democrat Primaries @JoeBiden is the chosen cantidate. 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Schiff: Senate will 'give no refuge' to witnesses who claim executive privilege 
This crazed anti-American, anti-Israel lunatic needs to be reeled in. Full stop. ASAP. She needs to be held to the same standards they do POTUS. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
Jesse Watters says 'it's over' after watching Trump legal team's opening Senate impeachment defense 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
#Patriots #MAGA #KAG2020Landslide Patriots! You know what to do to this NBC poll!🙂 
In 2015, Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Mysterious shipwreck discovered in river may be 700 years old 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump picks Epstein lawyers for impeachment WOW! 
New York Times Editorial Board breaks with convention and endorses two candidates 
McConnell tells lawmakers GOP doesn't have votes to block impeachment witnesses, source says 
@realDonaldTrump So true Mr Brennen. 
@CocoaMonoi @B4661N5 @KlasfeldReports Nearly every witness in the House hearings was a current or former Trump administration official, and 3 were chosen by the GOP members themselves. 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there&amp;#8217;s &amp;#8216;new evidence&amp;#8217; daily 
3 U.S. residents die when firefighting aircraft crashes in Australia 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #uspoli #IStandWithIsrael #cdnpoli 
#Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 🙏 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP 
New evidence calls for answer on cancelled Pence Ukraine trip 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Full audio [&amp; video]: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@Lawrence: Dem House Managers doing ‘flawless job’ in opening impeachment arguments 
#China spurned #CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: #USHealth Secretary $SPY $SPX $DIA $DJI $DJI $DJIA $QQQ $IXIC $IWM $IWN $IWO $GDX $GLD $TLT $IEF $TX $VXX $VIIX #CoronoVirusCoverup 
As Democrats Try to Impeach @realDonaldTrump He unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza This Man Continues to Work as Democrats continue to throw Rocks. Just as they have since 2016. 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just #tcot #ccot 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@: .@JoeNBC takes a look at new poll numbers finding 75% of voters are in favor of witnesses being able to testify in the impeachment trial. "Why don't we look into the crystal ball? How bad does this look for them?" 
Trump rollback could leave waterways vulnerable to pollution 
@SteveGuest @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @WajahatAli @TheRickWilson There are about 160 million other people who share in that contempt of #nincompotus. 
"The lyrics apply to this false choice between boredom and accountability ... As Lizzo says, 'truth hurts, needed something more exciting.' So beware those asking you to trade excitement for truth—in the end it might not be a very good trade." - @AriMelber 
Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
Sen. Sanders surges in Iowa just ahead of the state's Democratic caucuses, according to a new CBS News/ YouGov poll. 
More manatees were killed by Florida boaters in 2019 than ever before @RobertShermanTV 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
The SCOTUS on Monday allowed the Trump administration to enforce its "public charge" restriction, a sweeping rule that would deny permanent residency or entry into the United States to certain immigrants considered likely to use government assistance. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
They are all yelling like their bank accounts depend on it.. sad #Trump 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Jerry Falwell Jr.: My Trump endorsement was correct — here's how he restored American Greatness 
@rubydiana Fight? I thought he was making a pass at a guy that didn't like the approach, hence sexual assault? Security doesn't generally get involved unless there is violence? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
2/ Rally tonight in NEW JERSEY! On the opposite shore of the Delaware to Trenton, NJ, where Geo Wash and his troops crossed Christmas, 1776 to engage the British and Hessian forces. VICTORY then. VICTORY now. 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Pure propaganda Dems aren't voting for aquital unless it's Joe Manchin who really has never been a Democrat 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @GOP @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @cnnbrk @foxnation @foxnewsalert SEEMS PRETTY SIMPLE- YOU ARE ABOUT YOUR COUNTRY U DO THE RIGHT THING NO MATTER WHAT!! USA 🇺🇸 1st 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
How Russia’s disinformation playbook is being used ahead of 2020 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
Every crook says that the system is unfair. And in #Trump's case, it actually is. A truly fair system would've seen this life-long criminal broken and rotting behind bars many years ago. #TrumpCrimeFamily #ImpeachmentTrial #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just | 
Silicon Valley scramble to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Adam Schiff says Trump's defense team made effective case for John Bolton's testimony ⭐️ WHAT BULLSCHIFF!! 
Boy you really gotta hand it to these CDC clowns. They’re days late and dollars short, but they try. #CoronaVirus Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case | 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@benh007 @CBSNews @tedcruz Skip to 1:31. Food for thought. 
In case you missed #PresidentMobBoss this evening ordering his staff to "take out" Ambassador #MarieYovanovitch , here is the clip. #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW #TraitorTrump 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
New Ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Rapper Nicki Minaj is known as one of the biggest Trump haters out there, and she hates Trump so much the Dems want her to run for office! Yet she still isn’t as bad as her brother Jelani Minaj, who was just sentenced 25 years to life for child rape! 😠 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
China spurned CDC’s offer to send a team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@OldNorthEnder @davidsirota @AnadReets @Ah_occ_o @ChicagoGonzo @BadAssShrink @disruptionary @EverMama8 @max_vertical @BethLynch2020 @ojoscriollos It didnt happen and wont happen. 
@amyklobuchar @JoeBiden @ewarren In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ O 
Peter Schweizer on media bias, his new book and the 'two sides to Joe Biden' 
July 1974, Gallup released a poll 11 days before Richard Nixon was forced to announce he would resign. The survey found at the time that 46% of Americans wanted to see the corrupt Republican removed from office. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
No he said he understands that SHE didn't think they had consent. Also, she got a rape kit done right after the incident, but evidence supports DNA DID NOT match Kobe's. Thirdly, she admitted to luring him for $ to pay for breast implants #ShesALiar 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
“Adam Schiff’s appetite will never be satisfied, and we have to have some discipline on his long we extend this nonsense,” .⁦@SenKevinCramer⁩ said. He’s right! A malignant narcissist like Schiff: The more you throw him, the more determined he gets! 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" Asked by CNBC’s Joe Kernen whether “entitlements” would ever end up on his plate, Trump replied, “At some point they will be…. And at the right time, we will take a look at that.” 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' CNN is a rag! Calling good Americans illiterate and rubes! 
Politics Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
“If you call John Bolton, we're calling everybody,” Graham said. __ _ McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
DRONE HER! 👇 Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ WE AGREE! Chris Matthews says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Be good to see CNN go down in flames for keeping this racist jackass on the payroll. 
@realDonaldTrump @wef "GOP Senators may vote to acquit, but there is something truly cleansing to the national conscience to see Adam Schiff walk into their chamber and shove a full dose of truth down their throats before they do," fmr. Rep. David Jolly wrote on Twitter. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #foxnews 
Go Can anyone tell me why during these statements are not taken by SWEARING IN? 
Who wants Sunday expunged from the face of the Earth? 
TaxCut Triggers StockBuyback Explosion GOP Eyes SocialSecuity/Medicare Cuts as Deficit Grows McConnell Blames Entitlements, Not TaxCut, for Deficit FAILURE of Trump/GOP TaxCut Promises 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Agree!! 
@MarshaBlackburn You know who's running our foreign policy? Lev, donors, etc... Our President is pushed around so easily! 
#d06b563637fa5e8fa0fd92b2bc4896ac #foxnewsnewseventssuperbowl Chiefs embracing loose locker room culture on Super Bowl run 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
President Trump denies new details from Bolton’s upcoming book saying aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats including the Bidens. 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
I agree with AGs around the country: "Impeachment should never be a partisan response to one party losing a presidential election." Let's end the games, stop the attacks on @realDonaldTrump , &amp; get back to work for those we are blessed to serve! #gapol 
THIS IS A START Military contractor awarded compensation for burn pit exposure while deployed in Iraq 
You Can’t STOP the #TrumpTrain2020 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
President Trump's legal team to argue he 'did nothing wrong' on Ukraine 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
@SethAbramson FULL AUDIO: The #drugdeal origins Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
#LyingLiberal Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' . @TheEllenShow is so full of #Shit! 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Well, John? @AmbJohnBolton Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
@JoeBiden #JoeBriben Pretending you're morally superior to president Trump when you're far outclassed and outmatched is ridiculous. 
@FoxNews 34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
Adam Schiff: “The President’s team basically has admitted that Donald Trump acted corruptly, withheld this money, tried to cheat in the next election, used the money to coerce or extort the leader of Ukraine into doing his political dirty work.” 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment All you need know 
He wants to say he is “Independent”, then wonders why ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ don’t give him voice? “Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees...” 
"An employer who wants to cut health care and parental leave costs could choose a transgender person over a woman of child-bearing age and still get credit for the “woman hire.” 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
. Good. 
Oklahoma district attorney auctioning counterfeiter's classic Ford Mustangs 
@SenateGOP @SenJohnBarrasso @politico Just for you ... something new? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Woo Hoo!!! #maga #kaga #trump2020 
Alan "Big Guns" Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment | 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' #GOPTraitors #GOPCowards don’t know which is worse 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' They have egg on their faces! The legal team, "The Stoogies" are all morons. 
Lev Parnas is in Every Family Photo of the @realDonaldTrump Family going Back 50 years.But they Don’t Know him‼️ NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Kick her ass out ! Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
I must say that i love these women. They’ve got it. @JillWineBanks @K_JeanPierre @MariaTeresa1 @JoyAnnReid @amjoyshow Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial 
The everybody gets a trophy generation doesn’t understand rebuke: Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Retired Admiral James Stavridis on Qassem Soleimani's death: "Strategically ...we are pouring gasoline on a smoldering fire with no structure or strategy for where we're going to take this thing next." 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senator's to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses | 
Schiff warns of Russian attack on US mainland, as Day 2 of Trump's Senate impeachment trial concludes | Unbelievable.. 
Partners in Crime against #Humanity #Israel #US #SaudiArabia #DealOfTheCentury 
Pence chief of staff says he never heard Trump tie Ukraine to Biden investigations 
Chuck Schumer: 60% of Republicans think witnesses, documents are fair 
@SteveScalise @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump Hey Steve, Really? We don't think so! You don't speak for me! The only think shameful is a defense based on lies! 
Experts reject Trump lawyer Dershowitz's claim abuse of power isn't impeachable 
Waiting on answers by @SenAlexander @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenatorRomney @senrobportman &amp; others. @AmbJohnBolton is making money off of the Ukraines. #ConflictOfInterest #COMPROMISED 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
@WordswithSteph @TheDemCoalition PLEASE RETWEET! TRUMP OUT PENCE IN! Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
: Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment. Munchin-Manchin, why don't you go ahead and switch parties you POS!! Stand for something for goodness sake. @GoogleNews 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
From Discover on Google 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️Trump DOJ settles lawsuits over Tea Party targeting by Obama IRS | 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse will somebody, ANYBODY, please in form this ignoramus of the truth! "Trump's tweet this morning included five claims, each of which are the opposite of the truth." 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
This is incredible news #Bernie2020 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | . This tweet is insane.👇 
🤷‍♀️Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | ❗️Mohammed Nuru.... 
To all the naysayers, let it be known that hundreds of thousands of Arabs are living and working in #Israel, yet we can't say the same for the otherwise, or even in the general #Muslim world. So let's hope this plan works 
@marklevinshow Do you think we don't remember this? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Vegetarian food company develops nicotine-like 'meat patch' to help curb cravings 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews ⚙️⚙️⚙️ 
Jared Kushner: Israel took a giant steps towards peace, Trump's built a trust with the Israeli people #AAG #AAG2020 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
If @donlemon wants us to believe this bull schitt, he really DOES think he is a legitimate journalist! 🍑 Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
@Cie2011 Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Huge crowds braves the cold ahead of Trump's New Jersey rally - #GoogleAlerts 
They were widely published because no one wanted facts, just libel. He should go after all the papers. Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
"Jenna Ellis: Trump Senate impeachment trial – Here's where things stand now, what should happen next" FOX NEWS 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
China must stop their immoral, illegal, dangerous, and toxic wildlife trade. How dangerous is coronavirus? ⁦@SCMPNews⁩ 
Ignore everything when it's a RETHUGLICON. FROM 2017: Report: Russian mob money helped build Trump business empire 
Can’t believe this filthy traitor - Bolton was privy to national security intel...and now he’s writing a tell all book?...what a traitor ...what’s the punishment for treason? Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
.@Beleafer1 Just another lie!!!!! 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich And this crook and his criminal family is running for president again... 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source STOP WASTING OUR TIME AND MONEY OVER A PARTISAN ATTACK...END THIS NOW! OR NO DONATIONS MITCH! WE STAND WITH @POTUS TRUMP! 
People are watching and realizing it's a complete coverup by the Republicans which will come back to bite them in the ass when voting time comes !!!! 
Should just shut down @Oakland entirely. Yuck. 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 💔🐢❤️🍀🐢 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him 
@SenTedCruz and the man you sold your soul and integrity to is innocent? Really? 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza He continues to fight for us even when under attack from the darkness 
What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier 
I can't believe we have that many Sucker, Fool, Chumps in America. OMG. Well, over 100 million in three Axis powers in WW2 went for hitler...so its possible to BRAINWASH the MASSES. 
@JRubinBlogger LINDSEY warming up hun. Week or so before March 3, 2020. 
#Disbar these defense lawyers for #Lying! All of the lying is 100% #Intentional 
In 1998, then-Rep. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) was an impeachment manager against Bill Clinton, urging senators to remove the Democratic president from office. The South Carolina Republican adopted standards at the time that he seems eager to abandon now. 
Trump to Muller: My personal finances are a ‘red line’. July 21, 2017 
Poll---Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Canadian teen calls cops after fake ID doesn’t arrive, prompts police warning on identity theft scams 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Adam Schumer Nadler Polesi and Democrats are quite shameless on what they are doing.. I wish they get kicked by their constituents.. 
What's it gonna take for people to stop voting Democrat? -&gt; "The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption." 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Clinton fixed a primary before, is she doing it again? ⁦@GOPChairwoman⁩ ⁦@FBI⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Christen Limbaugh Bloom: Three questions to help you turn the other cheek 
on Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters @donlemon BS you liar — YOU DIDN’T MISS ANYTHING... You’re just trying to avoid getting canned! Guess who the next ⁦@POTUS⁩ is going to be? #TRUMP2020 I 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Ken Starr punched himself in the face! Starr is a partisan hack! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Its becoming very clear how the world views us now. Worse yet, how many of us view ourselves. Never before has corruption, lying &amp; evilness been so in your face. And some ppl think thats great 
👊🇺🇸 Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
From Discover on Google 
Sen. Sanders surges in Iowa just ahead of the state's Democratic caucuses, according to a new CBS News/ YouGov poll. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ..while the Rat’s[Pelosi]away, the homeless fester in decay..typical democRAT politicians squandering opportunity at taxpayers’ expense🤬🇺🇸 ⁦@DeAnna4Congress⁩ 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Asked on @Morning_Joe about his late son, Beau, Joe Biden appears to fight back tears: "Beau should be the one running for president, not me." "He walks with me. I know that sounds to some people kind of silly." 
@thehill He just admitted he Obstructed Congress 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
"Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording" - 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
@SpeakerPelosi your city district in CA also managed by your nephew @GavinNewsom tells us all how corrupt you’ve in @DNC become, we no longer believe a word you say! Even the people you hire to cleanup the filth in your streets are arrested! 
Innocent people cooperate with nonpartisan investigations. Liars who got caught, on the other hand, do not. #TrumpIsGuilty 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Thank You Sir we can't afford another World War. 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out 
@JoeBiden is real. #makeit #Purpose. Joe Biden: Beau walks with me 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
@Vballkid77 @ @HardballChris @WalkerBragman @briebriejoy @davidsirota From Chris Matthew's own damn company 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
WTF !!! : Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. @GoogleNews 
Familiar story. Could replace name of Bernie with other moralizing Dem lecturers like Barack, Joe, Liz, Maxine, Nancy, Chuck, etc. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
No, Chicago isn't on the list. America's top 5 deadliest cities 
I would love to find the video of this. We are living this now. It is a must read. This is what her media is doing to Trump. 
So this makes it better how? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Yup. McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
"We are now expressing how close the world is to catastrophe in seconds — not hours, or even minutes," Rachel Bronson, the Bulletin's president and CEO, said in a statement. "We now face a true emergency — an absolutely unacceptable state of world affair… 
We have reached the point of dusting off the guillotine and setting it up or building a gallows, I don’t care and setting it up where all can see.... 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Trump = MOB 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' | Video 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru was arrested and Nick Bovis, the owner of a sports bar. Nuru was arrested on suspicion of accepting bribes for airport concession contracts 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Awesome ad 
.@AriMelber breaks down important moments from the first day of President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. 
Legal regulated opioids could help prevent these tragedies 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell Bolton just farted 
During trial, Team Trump returns to... 
@LindseyGrahamSC to @AmbJohnBolton: 'Hold a news conference' It would be too bad if #BoltonsBook got leaked online in pdf format for everybody &amp; anybody to read⁉️ Sunlight is best. Put this bullschiff to rest. @WHNSC @realDonaldTrump @parscale @PressSec 
Two faced 
"Six-time Oscar nominee 'Parasite' now yours to own" 
Parnas suggests VP Pence was 'in the loop' on Ukraine scandal 
Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Good results for the truthers 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Trump’s impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods #SmartNews 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
🥳 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party 🎊🎈🎉 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
I am on vacation from Infowars so please yell at instead #FishingForRobots #Hockey #GiletsJaunes #DesignThinking #Economist #HealthyRecipes #Freebies #TrenRoca #Hunting #Pittsburgh #HealthyRecipes #ImWithHer #NonExecs #Freebies 
Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the first place 
⁦@POTUS⁩ unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Listen up, Sekulow.... #SekulowLies #ImpeachmentTrialRules Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
This is what makes Trump a great leader. He put in effort to solve problems. The solution may not be perfect and may need some tweaking. Give Trump 4 or even 8 more years and the world will be more peaceful. 
@SenAlexander @SenCoryGardner @SenSusanCollins @SenMcSallyAZ @SenatorCollins @SenatorRomney @lisamurkowski Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Officials are now reporting that two bodies were recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan. .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump #PatriotsAwakened #FlynnFighters #WWG1WGA #AdjunctProfessr 
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenatorRomney @SenatorLankford @SenAlexander @SenMikeLee @SenPatRoberts @SenCoryGardner @SenAngusKing @SenThomTillis @SenatorEnzi @SenateGOP #AmericansWantWitnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Breaking... Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Every single one of these people are going against their own words they have said in recent years. YOU CANNOT HAVE A TRIAL WITHOUT EVIDENCE OR WITNESSES. 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
LGBTQ Community have a deep routed fear of the Word of God and those that preach it, Why? 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start | 
.@NicolleDWallace on Republican loyalty to Pres. Trump: "I actually think Republicans are being given too much credit for how hard it would be to accept the fact pattern." 
Flight diverted to Air Force Base. #KAG 
Sen. Tim Scott: The real motivation behind Dems' impeachment push 
Giuliani associate Lev Parnas tells maddow: "It was never about corruption. It was strictly about Burisma, which included Hunter Biden and Joe Biden." 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier 
John Bolton #ButtHurt too! Didn't get his little War in Iran! 😭 
Lawrence: Dem House Managers doing ‘flawless job’ in opening impeachment arguments 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Pretty much 
Well, his uncle George strongly dislikes @realDonaldTrump. He made negative public comments about Trump &amp; never said anything negative about Obama. Pathetic. George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' After the rigged House Impeachment hearing what did he expect? 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says #Fox #News #Politics 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' #WitnessesAndDocuments #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW #RightMatters 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ ~ #RemoveDonTheCon 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@senatemajldr @SDNYnews @ManhattanDA @NewYorkStateAG PUT HIM UNDER OATH IN FRONT OF THE GRAND JURY. LOOK AT HOW MUCH RUSSIAN MONEY FUNNELED INTO HIS POCKETS AND CAMPAIGN. HES COMPROMISED. @AmyMcGrathKY USE HIS CORRUPTION AGAINST HIM. KY CAN DO BETTER 
“An apology is overdue,". Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Please proceed &gt;&gt;Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch 
Jimmy Kimmel honors Kobe Bryant, performs without audience because 'a comedy show didn't feel right' 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods | 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
Just the fact these left wing liberal idiots disagree with us Trump supporters means we are right for supporting him . 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #Yang2020 #YangGang #HumanityFirst #AmericaNeedsYang 
‘Take her out’: Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador’s firing #SmartNews 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' From Discover on Google 
President Trump on Friday became the first sitting president to attend the annual anti-abortion March for Life rally in Washington, DC. 
Go Then STOP our intelligence sharing with Britain - period. No more Five-Eyes and intelligence sharing...communist Government linked company....let the Brits see how much intelligence they get from China government. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source #AAG #AAG2020 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | Not on CNN 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Click the link. Take the poll. 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
GOP @RepDougCollins to run for #Georgia #Senate #Seat :::: (Please run) @GOP 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Are Trump's attorneys actually attorneys? Did they truly graduate from law school? If so, they are REALLY bad at their profession. 🤷‍♂️ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash captured on Nest camera 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial 
Pathetic. ⁦@GOP⁩ #FakeImpeachment #VoteRinosOut 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Another Democrat stunt... Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
@writer_mikem @NRA There are tragedies everywhere. Criminals dont need a gun. 
@realDonaldTrump Hmmm... ok little Boy. 👇🏻 we know the truth. Your pathetic compulsion to lie doesn’t change it #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #TrumpCoverUp Best # - #ImpeachedForLife 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn't want a fair trial 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Terrorist. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize BLOOD LIBELs in USA? ANTI SEMITES TLAIB &amp; OMAR must NOT BE ALLOWED TO TALK in the name of OUR GOVERNMENT about allies; impeach them! @PressSec 
Is Trump mad at GOP for not saying Zelensky call was ‘perfect’? 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
@realDonaldTrump It takes the guts of a New Englander to speak the truth. Integrity. The other GOP assholes are as stupid, or more so, than DDump himself. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
NO REAL TRUMP CRIME JUST BIASED PARTISAN DESPERATE DEMOCRAT CONTRIVED CHARGES YIKES VOTERS SNUB?? NOT 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk @ @TheJusticeDept @lawyerist @AmericanLawyer 
Voters credit @POTUS Trump for record economy: poll! How do you impeach a very successful and a great President! 
Remember In November Another example of how @cnn @msnbc and the partisan liberal media think of President @realdonaldtrump and his supporters. Does it remind you of the other 2016 candidate? @loudobbs @dagenmcdowell @danaperino @jessebwatters @greggutfeld 
#Politics : "Justice Department suing five companies over robocalls.” #Tech #revolutionary #innovation #business #influence #future 
Ambassador John Bolton's team tells NBC that they supplied the White House with a single copy of Bolton's book manuscript so that it could undergo a security review. They say copies of it were made, and that any leaks of the book did not come from them!! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
First 3 women to be impeachment managers say public will see trial as 'rigged' if Trump is acquitted 
.@UNISdirect @UkrCongComAm @tufkaa SILENCE IN NOT GOLDEN #Ukraine 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' #NewsSuite 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
WATCH: @ChrisJansing speaks to voters in Maine about Sen. Susan Collins and impeachment. One voter says Collins "tries to play both sides." 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Wallace: In opening argument, Schiff attempts to convince GOP senators to 'be something better' 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense | 
"The Trump White House is so concerned about the possibility that the public will hear testimony from John Bolton that they considered the idea of moving his testimony to a classified setting so it can't be revealed to the public." 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Lol lol lol lol filthy mouth anti-American Muslim. Rashida Tlaib says she’ll ‘strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
I'm amazed he didn't skip the country. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
As #Trump's #SenateImpeachmentTrial gets underway, he'd love to have the American public behind him. But that's clearly not the case. #Trump must be removed from office ASAP to #SaveAmerica! 
Really? Unprecedented obstruction aided and abetted by this GOP Senate and this is the top line on 
@SenSchumer @GOP @RepAdamSchiff @RepAdamSchiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" @ 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
If the only way to remove Trump is to have a secret vote in the Senate then make it happen. Seriously. By any means necessary get him the fuck out. 
@SenateGOP aren't really interested in getting to the truth! Trump's lawyers spend the first full day of their opening statement targeting Joe Biden with bogus attacks. @SenJoniErnst said something she wasn't supposed to say out loud. 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Bovis has a criminal past. The Chronicle learned he was arrested in 1993 and charged w/2nd degree robbery &amp; use of a firearm in commission of a felony. He was convicted of 2nd degree robbery in 1996 and sentenced to 5yrs in prison. 🙄SHOCKING, ISN'T IT🙄 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify The usual group who should be on board. 
Monday January 27 - The Rachel Maddow Show: Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start; Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims Via @maddow @ 
@PARISDENNARD President Trump indicates that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare. 
This is Islam! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Explore the apps that are right for you at 
⁦@senatemajldr⁩ WTF ARE YOU DOING!!! #RINOS 
@GOPoversight @RepMarkMeadows You sure this is the hill you want to die on? Cause when do &amp; the Good Lord asks you to explain your position in this impeachment and you tell him this..He ain’t gonna buy your shit! 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | 
@JoeBiden @thygergirl ... "except 'black' people" Signed, - @JoeBiden 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law . what a disgrace to humanity-OMG 
@realDonaldTrump Suck it 
@RoyBlunt @HawleyMO call the witnesses and get the documents. Your constituents demand it. Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
How does America lets Donald trump gets away with such foul filthy language The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
#TrumpRemovalTrial Those documents belong to the #taxpayers 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
State Department advises Americans to reconsider traveling to China amid coronavirus outbreak 
All the witnesses in the world will not move corrupt Republican senators. Democracy is dead. - "Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant" #WednesdayWisdom 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, congrats on spending the USA into bankruptcy - just like your businesses. Under your direction, deficit spending has crushed prior records and now stands at ONE TRILLION DOLLARS per year!!! 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" 
@marcushjohnson damn this is unhinged, my guy 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 51% - 45% 
So, nobody listened to Dershowitz? #disappointing McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
What a total hypocritical wanker this piece of sh*t is... "Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
show a clip of @JudgeJeanine asking @RudyGiuliani about Parnas. Rudy admits he didn’t know Parnas at time of recording of Trump &amp; Parnas which proves Trump introduced Parnas to Rudy not the other way around as Trump would have us believe. 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20 
LOVE 💕 President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
So this is what #donlemon brought to #cnn network- A segment MOCKING and INSULTING #AMERICANS to the LOWEST LEVEL. THIS Is what a NEWS OUTLET NOW DOES to AMERICANS and we are to stand for this?? 
#Maddow: Ken Starr - yes, that Ken Starr - believes it's a shame that we're in an "age of impeachment," in which trials occur "all too frequently." - The hypocrisy is staggering, but that's only part of the larger problem with his lament. 
A 11 year old girl man that's just wrong. 👎 #NickiMinaj #brother 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Forecast: more Republican shenanigans around Donald Trump impeachment trial 
It doesn't work like a criminal trial because it isn't, it's an ethics tribunal. The Senate cannot and does not acquit them of the charges and only decides whether removal is warranted. 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
# Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | While it’s encouraging to read of China’s relatively rapid response &amp; transparency vis-a-vis SARS, it’s beyond disheartening to read they refused CDC assist. 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters | 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@SenTedCruz Because he's a lying sack of shit? 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Breaking..... Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #Israel #PeacePlan 
Left-wing feminist will love this... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Charles Payne: Bernie Sanders 'is a juggernaut right now' and Trump should not underestimate him 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
#TrumpImpeachmentTrial “The second article of impeachment was for obstruction of Congress: covering up witnesses and documents from the American people. This morning Trump not only confessed to it, he bragged about it.” 
Joe fact checks Donnie's Davos news conference 
America's top 5 deadliest cities THESE CRIMES ALL COME FROM ASIAN MIDGETS 🎱🎱🎱🎃 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@FloofSpikey @amjoyshow @maddow (I rarely use my cell phone, but I have been successful using it for this...but once in a while it seems that the material is out of date, but I think rebooting helped) 
SCHUMER: “I think we got a shot [at Witnesses and Document production], I do.”🧐 (Cullinan💎’s in Trillions) #GABRIEL🌎#THOMPSONvAmeriflex👨🏽‍⚖️#Vtb🏦 #Gazprom⛽️ #DeutscheBank✅ #BARCLAYS #CreditSuisse⚖️ #ZALES💎#LondonSqMile🔥 #LucisTrustDIVESTITURE💵💷💶💴 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
It suggests something else. trump just about slipped when he said”I don’t care”,of course his mobsters knew he meant[how you do it].ANY other person who said something like that would be meeting with the FBI for possible murder conspiracy charges. 
I agree with you 100% but I see deep hatred in their heart. JLN 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Hate to say this but fuck sharia law and anybody who follows it 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #CorruptTrump 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
The Spotted Pig closes following settlement announcement, 'rape room' accusations 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Trump picks Epstein lawyers for impeachment 
@equalearthling @DonaldJTrumpJr LMAO, I don't think Trump gives a damn what CNN states, their ratings are lower than Sponge Bob Square Pants. Put on a MAGA hat, go out and get beat up, then you'll understand where the hate is coming from 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
China virus toll rises to 17 as officials tackle growing epidemic 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Kasie Hunt’s exclusive interview with first-ever female impeachment managers 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
- Breaking News Updates | Latest News Headlines | Photos &amp; News Videos 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump is a pathological liar! His 2016 campaign pledge was it he would never touch Social Security or Medicare now he's changing his tune! If he wants to cut the deficit quit spending so much money on the military!😳🤮🤬 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense 
Coffee to the rescue! 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
In SF the sidewalks are dirty, the parkss are dirty—and the government works are dirty.  
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
Here's an explanation you were and are insensitive asshole. That covers it. 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
From Discover on Google So professional. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments @nuzzel thanks @11thHour 
⁦@IlhanMN⁩ We can't hear👂🏼you...why aren't you speaking up and condemning this evil?!? Why aren't you speaking up for these women? Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Claire McCaskill: GOP ‘twisting’ impeachment process ‘beyond recognition’ 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest @carlitos1777 
WATCH: @SRuhle talks to voters in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, about impeachment and their 2020 concerns. 
From - Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
@ COMPLETELY misleading the public again....Rudy is clearly referring to trying the Biden case, not being on Trump's team. Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
@realDonaldTrump 75% of registered voters say witnesses should testify in the Senate impeachment trial, according to a new Quinnipiac poll. 
Conciousness of Guilt. 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown @nbcnews 
.@mayawiley on Senate impeachment trial: "It's also a murder conspiracy, and the victim here is the Constitution." 
@HillaryClinton if I were you, I’d sit on the toilet and flush that “urge”. The term “not a chance” comes to mind...or maybe run to further disrupt and divide an already decimated party! Tu cant touch this! 
Democrat accepted religion Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation #ImpeachmentTrials 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot #SmartNews 
Shiff is the enemy of the elected President . Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
@3L3V3NTH @ungubunugu1274 When you are backing Trump, the gift that keeps on giving, no further "digging" is necessary.. 
@LindseyGrahamSC @cspan Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
@RepRutherfordFL @jaxdotcom @MelissainJax Here's an account of the 2014 BLM march and the purported chant. I encourage anyone to do their own research. The Sheriff is also being disingenuous about the nature of that protest, who did the chanting and what was recorded (11/n): 
@RealTBONEHusker @donlemon @CNN CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize TLAIB U WILL LOSE THE NEXT ELECTION. YOU DON'T BELONG IN CONGRESS. YOUR COUNTRY IS NOT AMERICA. 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
House managers on impeachment: 'Not about Donald Trump... It's about our Constitution' 
During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory | 
politics the backstabs and snide phrases used by your “reporter” do not go unnoticed by WE the deplorables. 
👍🙏🇺🇸Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there’s ‘new evidence’ daily 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Africa locust plague worst infestation in decades: ‘Even cows are wondering what is happening’ Important 💥 
Bankruptcy King Says What? -- As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@CGTNOfficial Better assessment 
Every generation needs an Edward. #england Meghan Markle ‘never really came to terms with what was expected of the royal family,’ source claims 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
@IlhanMN This is your religion and you apparently support this. Not a word from you to stop this from happening to women. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
.@MaddowBlog: On impeachment, polling points to some "national consensus" 
⁦@TulsiGabbard⁩ and ⁦@AndrewYang⁩ independent ticket! Let’s face it neither is part of today’s ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦ Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@SenAlexander how can you allow this travesty? If trump's Russia friends and trump's unqualified, security clearance failures children has access, why cannot Congress? You created this monster Senator. Pray hard, 
DIMocRATs will try to impeach ⁦@POTUS⁩ overview this. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@SecPompeo Is human scum. He has no moral fiber I can see and lies almost as often as @KellyannePolls and @realDonaldTrump #TruthMatters 
Sleep changes with aging but it doesn’t just change with aging - it can also start to explain aging itself 
Gay people in Tennessee who wish to adopt will just move because jobs and families will move too. 
Interesting! 🧐 Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #leadership #publicservice #ethics ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ 
Watching this has me finally sold on @AndrewYang I’ve been watching the election season unfold and ready to join the #YangGang to beat 45 &amp; restore integrity to our government 
@seanhannity John Brennan says, "Well the book provides rich detail of what we have seen everyday for the last 3 years: That Donald Trump is the most ignorant as well as incompetent individual who has ever held the office of the presidency. I worked for 6 presidents." 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
hidden leaves #coronarvirus the mission the mission .... still have to complete the mission . 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Hannity warns GOP senators: Don't give credibility to 'repulsive, corrupt political stunt' of impeachment 
WaPo: Trump lawyers, GOP allies work to ensure Bolton from testifying 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out 
I was asking why this hadn't started a week ago. It's time that it did. As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' #coronoavirus #Quarantine 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Behind the scenes: How House managers prepped their days-long trial presentation. A small army of staffers spent weeks crafting the case — working to prepare elements long before the House managers were even named. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements I lost count is this lie number 16,001? 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Kaine: White House impeachment lawyers avoid making an argument on witnesses 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table #SmartNews 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Breaking: Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn't have the votes - NBC News @nuzzel 
@LarryWoolfolk2 Flashbacks -- Uncanny return of Agnew's politics the basis of 'Bag Man' podcast 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought Those who do not both to remove them are voting to enable him to run wild @lisamurkowski 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
This is just a shock! Mohammed Nuru arrested! 
Awesome! I'm all in for Doug Collins Senate run. We must have Conservative Senators that will support our President! We don't need more so-called "moderate" Senators like Susan Collins, Murkowski or Cory Gardner! .@RepDougCollins 
This is very telling, that China doesn't want the world to know the truth. 
@NickforAstoria @stalenate @ryangrim @BernieSanders @AOC @DemSocialists Unless it's 2018 it wasn't yesterday 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought Where have you been Angus?? 
I didn't think that #CNN could get any lower, but they have. For some time now #DonLemon has been off the rails, pvt life and pro life. Along with #acosta they are killing CNN. Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
The most brilliant closing statement in a Senate Impeachment Hearing,, probably ever heard 
Baseball coach killed with Bryant honored at team's opener 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders Bolton is a liar 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment ⁦@SenSchumer⁩ 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
This article about the "criminalization of politics" is a bit ludicrous. Trump has done just that: first with his campaign battle crises to lock up Hilary and then pressuring a foreign government to prosecute Biden (neither with due process) 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views @LdnLGBTQCentre are racist 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Vote him out! We don't need loud mouth politicians that dont support the constitution 
@chrislhayes You make comments in this interview Bolton is unfit , extreme, will start wars, islamaphobic ....LOL... 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
President Trump's Mideast peace plan calls for two-state solution | 
Go HEY CHUCKY CHEESE,,,while the Republicans tell the truth,,, it has been the Democrats that can't except the truth for 3 years,,,,,FOOL,,,LAIR,,,,,Socialist Communist, Playing pocket pool with Soras?? 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
BULLSHOTMcConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Hey @SenJoniErnst remember this? 
.@dangainor: CNN host @DonLemon and guests openly laughing as they mock Trump supporters shows the news media still don't understand how we got here. 
@iancborsuk @shujaxhaider yeah this garbage. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan The Lemon has gone rotten....not sure if could help clean the disposal so just throw it in the garbage. 
DNC Perez: John Podesta–Clinton’s 2016 campaign, former Rep. Barney Frank of Mass.–who was a surrogate Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign-as co-chair of the convention’s Rules Committee Patricia Piccinini-Podesta is a fan 
Our new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now. Download the first 2 episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
This is an ordered hit. #boom Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Richard Engel explains why it’s misleading for Trump to equate Gen. Qassem Soleimani with Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Lordy, there are tapes! Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Where is #JusticeRoberts 
The most controversial ads that have aired during NFL's big game 
Homeowners given $20G bill to clean up former California homeless camp 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ...New Jersey? Just shows that the love for Trump is GROWING! !!😊 
Chris Wallace: Bombshell claim by John Bolton has Trump defenders 'spinning like crazy' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight Meanwhile, the so-called mainstream media says "nothing to see here, move along" 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' (@louiscasiano / ) 
Trump’s “lawyers” and Congressional Republicans have already ruined Trump’s “defense” by blatantly lying to the American people live on national television. #ShamTrial #GOPComplicitTraitors #TrumpLies #TrumpCrimes #ThursdayThoughts #VoteThemAllOut2020 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@zinfandelfortwo @BradMossEsq Facts matter - 
‘BERNED’ OUT? Bernie Sanders is surging in Iowa and New Hampshire, but reports say the DNC could be working to keep him from the nomination. Democratic Strategist, @KevinPWalling, explains why this could be a catch-22 
@JoeNBC @ @JoeBiden @aseitzwald What man? ... THIS man??? ... 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Thank you for your #ProLife witness @BenjaminSWatson! 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
💥💥💥Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ...the same district where Dem Congressman Flipped to Red ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
#Recording appears to show #Trump interest in #value of #UkraineAid #News #LevParnas #TrumpLies #Ukraine #TrumpUkraine 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@CNN @TulsiGabbard HEY CNN, what gives? #LetTulsiSpeak #StandWithTulsi Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Republicans develop new approach amid Trump impeachment trial witness drama, source says 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | . 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office t poll should be 80 to 20 for impeachment what else is needed to know. all lies from president and republicans corruption obstruction lying disrespect for the constitution.enough. 
Nice. From Discover on Google 
: CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes'. @GoogleNews 
D.C. attorney general charges Trump inaugural committee enriched the family business 
I just love this clip with @AlanDersh it perfectly describes the stupidity the world is watching in real time from Trumps defence team. Maybe @JaySekulow @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC have no integrity, shame or conscience but the world see corruption 
your post needs an edit...It was Mary Louise Kelly @NPR not Mary Louise Parker 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Senate Dem weighs possibility of Biden for Bolton 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it': 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
America says it wants to see the truth ... fighting uphill against Whitehouse lawyers and a strong Russian Intelligence Disinformation Campaign. #ImpeachmentTrial #SenateRepublicanCoverup #MoscowMitchCoverUp 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters Three stooges just guaranteed my vote for President Trump in 2020! 
Vote to acquit and get it over with!! GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Sen. Chris Van Hollen says Bolton claims are major test of whether senators want impartial impeachment trial who are you kidding, this is going to go on for the whole next term if trump wins again 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Spent many a summer in Wildwood NJ! So happy to see the tremendous crowd there! 
Trump unveils Space Force logo #readify #news 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Why does this strike me as a very effective approach? Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@realDonaldTrump And what about this boo? What say you? 
Carol Roth: The American Dream is alive and well -- Let's be thankful for it 
@ericawerner @MsMariaT This from the man who recommends you “get small” to avoid death in #massshooting?! @johnthune get real! 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
@Inkling61 Did you find it? The whole segment appears to be broken into two parts here: 
#IMPOTUS briefly appears on cell phone video NBC News obtained from Les Parnas his attorney. The audio recording goes on to capture him saying “Get rid of her! Get her out tomorrow. I don’t care. Get her out tomorrow. Take her out. Okay? Do it.” 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth...THATS WHAT HE DOED TO PEOPLE AS WELL 🐕🐕😂🎃 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
@Inevitable_ET Wait!! There’s a puppy bowl too!! ‘Will make the super bowl look like the puppy show’ It’s on the same day as the super bowl!! Did we get a time and a day??? #QAnon 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
@Cocoa_Bean10 @USA4DJT @BernieSanders The only people who have benefited from Bernie’s policies is Bernie and his family. 🤔 Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
The communist state Peoples Republic of China spurned the CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus. Now, thousands worldwide are infected and over a hundred have died. Probably more deaths have occurred but not being reported by the Communist. 
@ally_harp There are beginning to be a few of these tragic stories, highlighting the mental health impact of being involved in drone operations 
Irrefutable Evidence ! Trump is a Liar and Gangster. Sounds like he was Ordering them to Kill Her . . . A Woman !!! ⁦@realDonaldTrump @GOP⁩ Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ISIS ???? 
And the country goes "DUH"! Anyone who didn't already know that, feel free to take your heads out of the sand. 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology - #GoogleAlerts 
Surprised? 
What's Eating America: A New Limited Series on with Andrew Zimmern 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
IF SO, THESE "NEVER TRUMPER SENATORS HAVE TO BE REPLACED ON THE TICKET BY LOYAL REPUBS., IN 2020 &amp; 2024. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@realDonaldTrump Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly Indelible ink would not be healthy to a babies blood stream, only an imbecile would do something this stupid 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the #Constitution 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid...So Does His Mother🕷🐊🎱🦄 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
CDC warns against traveling to China as death toll eclipses 100 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
@GrayHuze Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
The tolerant, compassionate left hates you. CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
She’s back......from Outer Space....... 
@BrutonRayford You must have been sleeping when this propaganda outlet actually slipped in some truth. 
Physician. Told u this one month ago.....Hillary will be nominee after a brokered convention #US #UK #France #Slovenia #Hungary #Russia #Germany #Spain #Colombia #Nashville #Moskva #Prague #Japan #Franklin #Denmark #LeipersFork #Mexico #LA #KSA 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
This is the best offer Palestinians have ever been offered. And it's the best offer they will ever receive. If the Palestinians reject this offer, they will be making a huge mistake that will ultimately be the end of Palestine in any form. 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
Some good advice @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Wow! Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Why Trump says give Middle East peace a chance. By @JJCarafano 
You can't win a defamation lawsuit if the allegations you're basing the suit on are true. The only national Russian new paper endorsed her and a number of high profile Russians have spoken favorably about her including Putin. 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Heading towards ...???? reason religion ....Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script If true I am so disgusted with this entire BS sham and these weak ass Republicans that can’t support our wonderful President! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Sen. Cornyn says President Trump's legal team was 'precise and persuasive' #AAG #AAG2020 
YES and IT WAS GREAT! 
CALLING ALL WITNESSES 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Lara Logan: Mainstream media is not acknowledging Schiff's credibility issues 
@sambalatteman @greta This is a shorter version with just the audio. 
"Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer talks with Rachel Maddow and an panel about House manager Rep. Adam Schiff's ability to hold the attention of... 
After new Bolton allegations Trump defense team to continue day two of defense 
Oh. Impeachable, for sure. Do the right thing, Senators. 
Trump,The Impeached President, Unveils His Two State Solution Deal. He Told Palestine ‘This Maybe Your Only Chance’! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ #ResignNancy #DemocratsTheEnemyWithin 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods | 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ | A ruling on the McGahn subpoena is expected any day now. 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ #SmartNews 
From Discover on Google 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
@toddstarnes @MarshaBlackburn Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
Hmmm WHAT ARE THEY HIDING? #China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@LindseyGrahamSC If you ignore this you ARE complicit “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump 1. "Parnas on Maddow: , 1/16/20 2. Ibid. 3. "White House hold on Ukraine aid violated federal law," Washington Post, 1/16/20 4. McConnell A 'Perjurer' After Senator Takes Impeachment Oath: MSN, 1/17/20 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
⁦@SenSanders⁩..please tell me how history doesn’t repeat itself?? Looks like you’ll be getting a YUGE mansion on Sell Out Lake this go around.. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Ifill: Kellyanne Conway's excuse for Trump not observing MLK day 'embarassingly incompetent' 
Police with too little real work to do. Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Look out America. Coming to a town near you. Enforcement of Sharia Law. Men and women can face floggings for a range of offenses, including gambling, drinking alcohol, homosexuality and extramarital sex. 
@WhiteHouse The lying White House (I wouldn't expect anything less, when its current inhabitant is a criminal: Trump): "AP: Ukraine felt Trump admin pressure (and US officials knew it)" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses 
Al Sharpton: Parnas tape 'very bad' for Trump 
Of course San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" 
.@MarshaBlackburn, that’s a good question, you dog. Why attack someone who has done more for this country than your human garbage self? Don’t forget...less make-up is more. #youareugly 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children who are truly the great Fredos of children 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
The Twitter in Chief will exode over this. : McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. @GoogleNews 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica An earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 struck between Cuba and Jamaica Tuesday afternoon and triggered warnings of a tsunami, according to The U.S. Geological Survey.  
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans . It’s time to assassinate this pig. 
Priceless! This Day in History: Jan. 29 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
AND This is WHY CNN is FAKE NEWS MEDIA !! And NOT TRUSTED n DISGUSTING n DISGRACEFUL !! YOUR NOTHING !! YOUR PLUG Should Be PULLED !! For the CRAP you ALL Do EVERY day !! THANK goodness WE Have FOXNEWS !! Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Here we go again. They shouldn’t be given any aid! 
.@MaddowBlog: Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Pres. Trump. 
@DailyCaller @realDonaldTrump Really? 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@RandPaul nice video 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Harvey Levin dishes on what he learned while filming TMZ’s special ‘Harry &amp; Meghan: Royals in Crisis’" FOX NEWS 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ #CNN #MSNBC 
Accurate! - You people at FOX really think that GOD is going to welcome you into his kingdom? 🤣😅😃😀😁 ok. 
She still has the controller in her hands: Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
John Bolton's book says Trump tied Ukraine aid to investigations 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
There's a reason West Virginia has a thousand "Trailer Park Trash" jokes. 
Easy .@Sen_JoeManchin. Look at the case that was presented by the prosecution, the House managers, recognize its deficient &amp; vote to acquit. Otherwise you’re a fraud just posturing right keep your job. 
⁦@donlemon⁩ I don’t watch ⁦@CNN⁩ even when it’s the only thing on at the airport. So you are a non-issue to me 😂 
Ok great I can't go get infected, but I'm kind of more concerned about THEM COMING HERE! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
⁦@POTUS⁩ British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears. This seems reasonable 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
President Trump offers to help China combat the deadly Coronavirus, as the disease spreads to Germany. Chief Clinical Officer for Providence St. Joseph Health, @amyleecp3 explains why the world needs to act now. 
Flash top entertainment headlines for Jan. 29 | 
🦅B🖖🕊️Pelosi reminded us Freedom costs. My father's POW stories were about surviving the Nazi Death March. He had dark moments. I can't imagine how you survive when you don't know whose side will win.Thank you Sen. Bennet for seeking the Moral Compass 
Jason Johnson of The Root explains why the first day of the Senate's impeachment trial is like 'Wheel of Fortune,' and the second day is like improv comedy show 'Wild 'N Out'. 
@justinamash Many Repub Senators told reporters they would NOT be watching the BRAVE FACT WITNESSES (who endangered themselves) testifying on live tv -testimony that they would need to hear to be an impartial juror/judge in the Senate trial. SHAME IN THEM! 
City run by dimocrats. Is this a surprise? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Clearly her allegiance is not to AMERICA so why is she still in office? Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
The Beat Breakdown: Trump on Trial On the second day of opening arguments from the prosecution, tensions are escalating as one Democratic Senator tells her colleagues "the truth hurts." 
This is HILARIOUS, #KennethStarr totally CONTRADICTING himself, Starr versus Starr! #ABUSEOFPOWER #EXECUTIVEPRIVILEGE Like #AlanDershowitz, #LindseyGraham, .. What a bunch of HYPOCRITE #PROSTITUTES! #WITNESSES #JohnBolton #MitchMcConnell #impeachment 
Finally...a break maybe... Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
"Pompeo blasts 'shameful' NPR reporter, claims she broke agreement reached before interview" Are you going to believe a member of one of the leading "Resistance" organizations (that we pay for), or SecState Pompeo? 
President Trump in Wildwood NJ. Now that's a crowd. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Chuck Rosenberg on reports that Senate GOP may attempt to "trade" John Bolton's testimony for that of Hunter Biden: "You don't trade relevant witnesses for irrelevant witnesses...You don't trade relevant witnesses for relevant witnesses. You don't trade." 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Grilling the wafflers 
Perhaps no one has benefited more from Sanders’s career in politics than his wife Jane. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics" FOX NEWS 
Who is Dmytro Firtash? The man linked to $1,000,000 loan to Giuliani ally has a shadowy past. 
Conservative critics of Pres. Trump launch a PAC to defeat him in the next election. Cofounder Rick Wilson says the current GOP "is dedicated to the sole defense of a man who is overtly criminal, overtly corrupt, and who has diminished the office" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
By seeking facts, Romney, a life-long conservative, accused of trying to 'appease the left' 
GREAT NEWS! I hope ALL OTHER AIRLINES FOLLOW SUIT! British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Hey fella’s stock up now because you’ll need those tissues come November!! CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
NSC official who attended Pence Ukraine meeting quits 
Republicans turning on their own: 'By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' | - #WitnessesAndDocuments #TuesdayThoughts 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Rundown Extra: Trump Campaign Manager Brad Parscale Sizes Up The 2020 Competition 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | #TrumpIsALyingPOS 
Everyone knows McConnell &amp; the Senate are violating Rule of Law &amp; have changed their interpretation of impeachable offenses to protect Trump when they used it to impeach Clinton &amp; Nixon. We cannot trust GOP to adhere to the Constitution &amp; protect US. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Related "Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that" @dangainor with more info on the stupidity of Wilson, Ali and Lemon. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Weissmann: GOP playing ‘hear no evil, see no evil’ because they don’t want to find it 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
Here are a few common ways to identify and STD. Just remember, that many times STDs may show no symptoms at all, so it's always important to #gettested 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
🚨🚨BREAKING NEWS🚨🚨 National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office immediately. @realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr #ImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachedForLife 
Sen. King: It's 'bizarre' if Bolton is not brought in to testify: Sen. Angus King, I-Maine, thinks it would be "bizarre" if John Bolton and other witnesses were not brought in to testify for the impeachment trial of President Trump. 
Schumer is an awful person and needs to be taken down along with his phonie cronies Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
This is absolutely Spot On and verifies so much of what we see on a daily basis working as Boomer escorts. Had been thinking abt writing similar for NVS but this guys done it for me, enjoy... 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Bet Newsome wanted to use this as a tool to get more money from the Gov. by claiming their where passengers w/the virus so he could get $85mil. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Friday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.24.20 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment 
Brian Williams: "You'd be forgiven if you tuned in and thought you may have stumbled upon the impeachment of Hunter Biden ... the day was overshadowed by the new and explosive revelations from a forthcoming book by [John Bolton]." 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Alan Dershowitz claims abuse of power isn’t an impeachable offense 
@realDonaldTrump The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Kobe%20Bryant%27s%2013-year-old%20daughter%20Gianna%20also%20killed%20in%20helicopter%20crash 
@realDonaldTrump Wow, you being the judge of brilliance is like Hitler being the judge of compassion.: 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Mollie Hemingway: Joe Biden's brother also involved in scandal and media ignores it 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
Well, this is pretty fucked up! 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
isn’t helping their standing with the Don at all. 
Washington Post political reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
From - LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
so peaceful....Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Flash top headlines for Jan. 29 | 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with... 
Trump campaign to flex muscles in Iowa on caucus day 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness'" 
Mississippi inmate becomes ninth from troubled prison to have died in January 
#PutinsPuppet #Schiff: #TrumpDefense #forced to #FallBack on ‘#SoWhat?' #News #GOP #Corruption… 
@RepGosar This senate is one of the most revolting things to accost we the people... 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
#acquittal #Trump GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
I Invite You All to Watch or Listen to a *Special Edition* Of #AMJoy @7 pm on... Live Audio 
Barbara Boxer compares leadership of Clinton impeachment trial to that of Sens. McConnell and Schumer: "In those days, we had Trent Lott and Tom Daschle...joined at the hip and working together." 
#mssnews Man rescues freezing kittens stuck to ice by pouring coffee on them 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' Opinion well and Trump's opinion Jerry Nadler is this sleazebag but I say Donald Trump is a scumbag 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that @CNN is #FakeNews ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Jon Favreau on how Democrats can beat Trump 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders #tcot 
To all DemRATS….."This Is America"! Get used to it! Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Kanye West tells 12,000 students how Jesus changed his life: 'The devil had me' 
Politics Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
AOC never mentions Bernie Sanders' name as she and Michael Moore pinch-hit for candidate at Iowa rally 24/7 farting -Her everything is free for all 
"This has been an absolute screw-up on the part of Donald Trump." — @DrJasonJohnson discusses President Trump’s impeachment trial. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied All of TRump's Senate Lawyers need to be disbarred for lying before the US Senate! 
@realDonaldTrump "You can trust he will do what's right for Donald Trump," Rep. Schiff argues. "This is why, if you find him guilty, you must find that he should be removed. Because right matters. Because right matters. And the truth matters. Otherwise we are lost." 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks . He should pay a price he's a freaking criminal he needs kicked out of office and locked up no I'm not talking about some Adam skaff is a liar and needs held accountable 
@femme_phememe @donlemon Do you know how to use google? 5 more reports: These accusations where made immediately, not 40 years after the fact like Kavanaugh who was assumed guilty 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that . #FakeNews #EnemyOfThePeople #DemocratShills @CNN @CNNPolitics @cnnbrk continues to keep #Pervert @donlemon on the air. #BoycottCNNAlways 
The national popular vote "is an idea so dumb Madison never even bothered to worry about it!" 
1973 was the year. $Vietnam War formally ends: This Day in History - #GoogleAlerts 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump Why aren't you able to keep up with real news? John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid Plus, a Peace Plan without all parties is NO plan! Plus, you know they are #HateRallies 
@Bencjacobs #PeteButtigieg is more of a baseball guy which I guess is why #KevinCostner (#FieldOfDreams, #BullDurham) backs him. 
I m all in 4 Rep Doug Collins #WINNING GA Senate race. He has been A strong, articulate, respectful, bright, supporter of ⁦@POTUS⁩ &amp; We The Ppl in his lead House Role! Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Ive never heard about this before. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
WHAT A GLORIOUS RALLY AND WHAT A GLORIOUS TIME TO BE ALIVE AS WE WATCH GODS HAND ON TRUMP BRINGING THE ENTIRE COUNTRY BACK TO WHATS IMPORTANT FAMILY FAITH AND HONOR Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Even conservatives are calling #MarthaMcHack a loser. That's got to hurt when your own party and entire state calls you out. Trump's lap dogs are going to regret their decisions in November New ad from conservative group criticizes Sen. McSally 
Oh good China can handle this themselves. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
When oh When is Bernie gonna get it.... They are NEVER gonna let him win. How is he gonna take a dive in a convincing manner this time? . Are his supporters gonna buy it - or are they gonna BERN it down like they said? 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
British lawmakers approve Boris Johnson's Brexit plan; UK to leave EU by January 31 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Glenn Kirschner: ‘Vladimir Putin owns Donald Trump’ : Take Note Fellow America!!!! 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Michael Levin: 'OK, Boomer.' Really?! -- Here's what needs to be said to the younger generations   @60sfolks #1960s #seniors 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga | Video 
Varney makes bold prediction ahead of Iowa caucuses: 'Huge problem for the party' 
That clever, savvy Lev Parnas and his attorney released another video that shows Trump; however, we all know that Trump said he didn't know Parnas, never met him: Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at NJ rally: He had enough of Dems' socialism 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Stephanie Grisham: Timing of John Bolton book manuscript leak is 'very suspect' 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
@SenToomey What lots of different recent polls have all been showing is that Americans of all political stripes are interested in actually getting to the factual basis of what happened and getting to the truth. Watch: 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Facts matter 
Most #viral News Now: China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Sanders has clear lead in second straight poll in first primary state 
Bernie Sanders is Number 1 with non-white voters! 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president JERRY...JERRY..."GIVE US...NO DRUG DEAL...GIULIANI IS A GRENADE WILL BLOW US UP...THE ONE AND ONLY...AMB. BOLTON"...SOON TO DROP A TELL ALL BOOK...TOO LATE FOR CONSTITUTIONAL JUSTICE. 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This is what Indian opposition Parties wants for Indians Muslims women 
Trump has been corrupt his entire life and has been paying bribes on all his projects! Now he wants to do away with the federal law that prohibits bribing foreign officials! Why am I not surprised?😳🤮🤬 
Sen. Warner says the relevance of John Bolton as a witness in the Trump impeachment trial is clear, he was in the room during Trump's phone call.But he says Trump's defense team hasn't proven why Hunter Biden's testimony would be as relevant to the trial. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
From - Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Trump is a peacemaker. Best president! 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' It’s about damn time! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@afrommi @daffi515 @ @slpng_giants This was on not “on” msnbc. They have control over on the air ads, but the online ones are a little trickier! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
After bullying reporter, Pompeo basks in... | January 29, 2020 #news 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@FitBusinessman @MeghanMcCain @CNN See a recurring theme here? 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine A little egg on the face over the map. She knew where Ukraine was. These are not the idiots at Fox News. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
"career" lol Meghan Markle "really regrets" giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
@realDonaldTrump "All the #Facts are in the #Transcript of the #PhoneCall." How could Putin stand to gain from the Trump Ukraine scandal? Former U.S. Ambassador to Russia and International Affairs Analyst Prof. @McFaul joins @mitchellreports to discuss. 10/7/19 @ 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
Hey Don - When did you apologize? When did you say you got it wrong? "We're not perfect. When we get it wrong, we say we got it wrong, we apologize, and we move on," Lemon said. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner w/ #Trump. We must hear from all relevant witnesses &amp; documents or else it’ll be looked at as #RepublicanSenators were #Complicit. ⁦@SenatorBraun⁩ ⁦@SenatorLankford⁩ ⁦@SenatorBurr⁩ @ABC 
First of all whoever printed this needs to spell analyzed correctly? 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
Sen. Harris says President Trump's defense focus on Joe Biden "distracts" from the issues before the Senate. 
In case you missed it. @clairecmc speaks TRUTH. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Ha... Ha.. Ha.... CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial 
[Earth calling Sen. King; Earth calling Sen. King!] Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
The first sentence was promising, after which the article nosedived into an opinionated and bias rant on stereotypes. Let it go! 
More #Poison from @CNN @CNNPolitics @donlemon #FactsFirst #FakeNews #CNNisFakeNews 
The Des Moines Register executive editor why it endorsed Warren 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse #SmartNews 
Cruz’s senior foreign policy advisor during the campaign was a woman whose PhD was in Italian Renaissance art, so, not sure he’d have shown better judgment in choosing his closest advisors. 
So boasting about #ObstructionOfCongress #GOPComplicitTraitors Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill So they finally ADMIT there WERE WMDs that our guys were tasked with burning to dispose? 
White House's top Russia official put on leave pending security-related investigation 
.@chrislhayes reacts to arguments presented by President Trump's legal team: "You start to feel your brain cells die when a Trump lawyer says, 'Well, we didn't want to bring up Burisma and Biden, but the House managers brought it up, so here we go.'" 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Remembering Jim Lehrer: Fair and balanced before it was a slogan 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
"Everything to know about the 2020 Oscars" 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Frankie Two Face is a Hateful and Vile Human Being. 
Senile Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Mysterious shipwreck discovered in river may be 700 years old 
Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them 
WHAT? @SenAmyKlobuchar to reports that senators have been caught sleeping during #TrumpImpeachmentTrial: "I just don’t know why they would have this job and come here if they’re not going to protect the #Constitution" #SLEEPINGsenators @Morning_Joe @GMA 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets #dog by shaking its mouth 
@politico Depends on the poll. The latest results from SSRS/CNN = 51% for conviction/removal vs. 45% against. 69% want testimony from witnesses who didn't testify before the House &amp; a plurality of GOP voters want the Senate to consider new info from witnesses. 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Patrick Philbin rejects accusations that the White House tried to cover up Trump's call with Zelensky #AAG #AAG2020 
It is statistically impossible that every time, every scandal, every person who dares to show trump’s lies, is wrong &amp; Individual Impeached with a 15000+ lie history is the one telling the truth. Same smear tactic; different target. Every. Single. Time. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Not just ‘headaches’: 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
@suzannebuzz @mkraju @maggieNYT @RandPaul @RepJerryNadler Your pity &amp; outrage are misplaced. The both sides shenanigans are getting increasingly stale. #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
State Dept. releases docs that show how Giuliani's smear campaign vs. Yovanovitch reached Pompeo 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
@JoeBiden Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators are entertaining themselves during the trial @nbcnews I DON'T BLAME THEM. THE SAME "OLD" STORY COULD PUT AMERICA TO SLEEP. SCHIFF AND NADLER SOUND LIKE "BROKEN" RECORDS! 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
@senatemajldr @SenateGOP @SenateDems @LindseyGrahamSC If you vote to acquit that piece of sh*t The ads of masterful flare will absolutely air and your poll number tally will plunge like that of Martha McSally. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Donald Trump today raised five complaints about the House impeachment process. Each one is the opposite of the truth. He's convinced himself that the House process was unfair, but can Trump figure out why he thinks that? 
@washingtonpost Tired of the Fake News from WP Try some real news. 
Proud to work for @JohnBelforLA and have a great story to tell that Criminal Justice Reform makes for good policy AND good politics in Louisiana - and across the US “Second chances at the intersection of sports and politics in Louisiana" 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording @realDonaldTrump #LevParnas 
Even Feinstein know house Dems are stupid! Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote | 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments Don't forget about calling "whistleblower" and @RepAdamSchiff . 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
What? Puerto Rico corruption happening in San Fran? Surely not @DNC and @SpeakerPelosi San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
WAIT TILL THE CANCELLATION CULTURE VISITS THEM! Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant 
USA offered to help since Jan 6. 
House managers on impeachment: 'Not about Donald Trump... It's about our Constitution' 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump tweet attacking Adam Schiff analysed by legal experts 
Canada's first coronavirus cases are confirmed in husband and wife: officials 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #SmartNews ⁦@RandPaul⁩ a more disgusting bunch of lackeys and sycophants the likes of which we have never seen. ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
Schiff: "You cannot use executive privilege to hide wrongdoing or criminality or impeachable misconduct, and that is exactly the purpose for which they seek to use it." 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid the App so what?! 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Get rid of him already! CNN 👎🏻Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Please this boorish buffune would climb a tree just to tell a lie, remember he's a chicken shit draft dodger a gutless coward imbarres me to be presedent. 
Former Democrat lawmaker welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' 
@Nursesleadwell @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
The only trouble here, UpChuck, is Schiff is trying to convince your Low Info base on lies not truth. Pathetic‼️Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Wonder if he's related to Maxine Waters? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
The eyes of the nation are on Richmond, Va., as lawmakers consider a package of authoritarian gun control bills unlike anything our country has ever seen. 
Multicultural America likes Bernie. 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 👍🇺🇸❤️👍🇺🇸❤️👍🇺🇸❤️ 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
@griffbos @AnyRealDem2020 He has some explaining to do: 
'C'mon... Everyone understands the president wasn't acting in good faith': Hayes 
@CessPoolBoy @ByronTau @jdickerson He was on with Ari Melber in Dec., after report of mistakes in his FISA came out. 
@DrDenaGrayson @SenateGOP @SenatorCollins @SenCoryGardner @lisamurkowski “Your fear of Trump has now become a suicide pill.” -@TheRickWilson 
Crime surged in South Bend, Indiana under Mayor Pete Buttigieg 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a 'homework assignment'. @GoogleNews 
#2020Grammys tv ratings drop to new record low with 6% smaller audience than last year &amp; 53% smaller audience than 2012. #GRAMMYs #music #broadcasting #pr #marketing #media #entertainment #musicbusiness 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Schumer: Republicans are 'inventing' outrages to distract from vote on witnesses @nbcnews 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution #SmartNews 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Watergate prosecutor: Trump is worse than Nixon because he has no ‘shame’ 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | #RightMatters looks like #IMPOTUS is #GoingFullFox opps caught out by #Karma again! 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
#JasonJohnson, politics editor at #TheRoot: If #Senators continue to lack independence and integrity, #Trump becomes a #Dictator. Johnson discusses the lack of trial witnesses and evidence at #SenateImpeachmentTrial of #PresidentTrump. #RepublicanCoverUp 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Iran vows 'harsh retaliation' after US airstrike kills Iranian Gen. Qassem Soleimani 
Rashida Tlaib is foul-mouthed and has a foul morality demonstrated by a don’t-judge-me ethos that justifies her lies as long as it is against someone not considered clean. Despicable. 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | The people have spoken! If senate fails to do their job, they along with #CriminalTrump will be retired from office in 2020. This is a promise &amp; will be a reality. 
Americans want to know the truth. Republicans want to hide from it. #CallTheWitnesses 
What is democratic socialism? 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections Ukraine did interfere with our election just not to the extent&amp;sophistication of russia.because obama/biden admin meddled in theirs 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" #DonaldTrump #Impeachment #ImpeachmentTrial #NeedToImpeach #CoverUp #RepublicanCoverUp #AmericansWantWitnesses #CrookedTrump #IMPOTUS 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Journo alleges Trump admin. is ‘taking gaslighting to new level’ 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered 
W.H. considers classifying Bolton testimony to conceal it: WaPo 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
How humane! Truly peaceful. Let’s hear from the supposed #Feminists like @Alyssa_Milano. ⁩ ⁦ Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says Why are the US citizens that are being flown out of China to CA not being quarantined for two weeks considering we now know it can be spread w/ symptoms??⁦@CDCgov⁩ 
⁦This can’t be ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ , it sounds exactly like John Barron to me! #ImpeachTrump #LetLevSpeak #LevParnas #TrumpTapes 
Trump tweet attacking Adam Schiff analysed by legal experts 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Over an hour of audio on this one. Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
"Queen Elizabeth's first public engagements announced amid royal family drama" FOX NEWS 
LATEST: Death toll from a new flu-like coronavirus in China rises to nine with 440 confirmed cases. 
US Supreme Court seemed prepared Wednesday to rule that states violate the US Constitution if they prevent religious schools from receiving some state benefits. - Pete Williams 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
LOL FIX IS IN ! HOW STUPID ARE YOU @BernieSanders ? supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"With election-year implications, Supreme Court punts on ACA case" 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #SmartNews 
"Toure: The waning power of Lee Atwater's racial code" RE: This is how it started in the GOP 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
@dadank1 @tribelaw @dadank1 try defending this... 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case Lindsey Graham in new witnesses 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' It takes gall to call Trump and his supporters as causing divides in this country after seeing this. This is just vile, hateful and spiteful behavior 
#Impeached #PresidentFUBAR #Trump.....is going off the rails on a crazy train!! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
The demoncratz had their chance to call Bolton &amp; others but didn’t. You should vote on existing articles &amp; testimony. Let’s end this coup! It’s MY tax $$$! Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr 
Biden pushes for witnesses in impeachment trial but says of his Ukraine role, 'What is there to defend?' #SmartNews 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
This should be mandatory viewing for all. Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments... About time Lindsay!!! 
So will they allow her to continue cus. at the end of the day the Senator works for them. 'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' #TrumpsObstructionOfJustice 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@BernieSanders our country is doing just fine. besides, we don't need your wife, jane, to become the new hunter 
Pompeo blasts 'shameful' NPR reporter, claims she broke agreement reached before interview 
Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during impeachment trial 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | .⁦@GOP⁩ and ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ are both sad. Both sides calling for an official to completely ignore executive privilege. Sad. 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
'you just want to support another old white man!' 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Climate activists bring shipping to halt with bridge protest 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied Just wow 
WATCH: "Okay, Sen. Blackburn, I think you meant to criticize Donald Trump in that tweet," fmr. Sen. McCaskill says, excoriating Blackburn for her criticism of Lt. Col. Vindman. "Don't you lecture anybody about how patriotic a veteran like Vindman is." 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
@slconine @merlins_girl Why? Because it is worse than they are reporting. That's my theory, at least. 
It's not often that New Jersey gets a campaign stop from a Republican president. Judging by how people were camping out the night before, sounds like it's going to be a party! 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador #Bolton, withdraw your book | 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Love this idea! 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
@DeadEMG @nahmias @BuzzFeedBen It's far from a slam dunk, but far from Disproven either 
OUTSTANDING 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Jane knee as much about media as Hunter knew about oil and gas. Liberal democrat scams. 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
They still don't get it...These people are carriers if they don't have the disease most likely. It is like one of these alien movies; The alien only decides to come out when it is ready. 
Sure majority of Americans do not agree with @RoyBluntMO @GOP @GOPLEADER @senatemajldr @TheDemocrats @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @JoeBiden @MikeBloomberg @CNNPolitics @ @POTUS @VP @PamBondi @TheView @MittRomney @johnroberts_CJ @AlanDersh 
Brennan: Trump* is the most ignorant, as well as incompetent, individual who has ever held the office of the presidency. I worked for 6 presidents. #ImpeachAndRemoveTheStableGenius 
Sen. Murphy: 'I don't support bringing in Joe Biden or Hunter Biden' 
International collaboration is essential in global outbreaks but politics &amp; mistrust between nations can stop progress. #GlobalHealthDiplomacy is needed! China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary #Biodefense 
Easily the MOST HYPOCRITICAL statement ever made by Putin friendly FOX. 
To beat Trump, our nominee must be able to unite and excite a broad, diverse coalition of voters. @ewarren is putting in the work to connect with voters of all backgrounds. 
@SenatorCollins Please read this Senator. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
Is it any wonder criminals get all the love in CA? 
Ken Starr provides contradictory arguments for the impeachment of President Clinton in 1998 and against the impeachment of President Trump in 2020. 
It's worth nothing that there's a substantial number of Republican voters who both (a) believe Trump did in fact do something wrong and illegal and (b) think Trump should still stay in office. 
Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations #news 
Let's flip this poll! 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper #SmartNews 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Where is the @UnitedStatesBar in this? To allow this hack onto @SenateFloor and violate every principle that your alleged “oath” is supposed to stand for? This lying ambo chaser should be disbarred, &amp; expelled from ever setting foot in the senate again. 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Warren: Senate atmosphere reflects serious, historic impeachment 
Venice may put glass wall around St. Mark's Basilica to curb future flood damage 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
REPUBLICANS WANT A COVERUP !!From Discover on Google 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Teams open up ahead of the big game on opening night" FOX NEWS 
#MoscowMitch and team at their finest! Wish they were as energetic towards the USA, the Constitution, the American people and the rule of law as toward Putin's Pup Trump and the... 
Pentagon says more troops injured after Jan. 8 rocket attack in Iraq The Pentagon on Tuesday updated the figures of the number of U.S. troops injured in a retaliatory airstrike on an Iraqi airbase following the death of an Iranian general.   bit.… 
Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says #AAG #AAG2020 
@rbmarchi40 @cspanwj @POTUS @SpeakerPelosi @senatemajldr @WhiteHouse @TheDemocrats @JoeBiden @SenWarren has a front row seat to the biggest event in a generation. She can be on TV nightly commenting on the day's events when all eyes are on DC. @SenSanders is leading in the polls now. Doesn't seem the "plan" is working. 
Democrats senator who vote for impeachment are not honorable and party people. Some Democrats are mature and honorable people will vote NO. Republican who vote for impeachment are Trump hater. It is personal and not logical or honorable. Lets see. 
Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle knew 'fairly early on' royal life 'just wasn’t working out,' Harvey Levin says 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" THIS IS A MUST READ. NOT ONLY DOES TRUMP OBSTRUCT IN PLAIN SIGHT BUT HE LIES IN PRINT AND BY HIS OWN WORDS. NOTHING UNUSUAL ABOUT THAT FOR HIM. SADLY , HE BELIEVES HIS OWN BULL SHIT 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
Democrats lay out case for removing President Trump 
Yo I'm running into the forest please watch #FishingForRobots #HR #Jobs #FreeCalifornia #Python #HealthyRecipes @GamingRTweeters #100DaysOfCode #HealthyRecipes #TrenRoca #Anonymous @SympathyRTs @DripRT #HealthyRecipes #Eventi #NonExecs 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
@realDonaldTrump I thought you didn’t know Parnas?? This 90 minute recording of you together says differently 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 How are you gonna soon that lie? 
Barstow, Calif., shaken by magnitude-4.6 earthquake: preliminary measure 
2. Dems in 2020, “it’ll work this time” 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
DEATH really brings out the best in people. Why do people not gush over the living? Does dying vanquish all bad memories???? Kobe Bryant receives emotional tribute from friend Justin Timberlake: 'Your legacy is with us' 
.@CNN .@USATODAY .@WSJ .@60Minutes How can this be in the best interest of our country or democracy in general. Are we not better than this? 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Who says he said it? Oh yeah, The NYT and we believe them, NOT! 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Just another example of where her loyalties are and they do not include the USA 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty #Baron #WaPo pretty bad when the news makes the news- her callous statements should be cause for firing on principle 
Your daily reminder that @donlemon is a douchebag. 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Cipollone AND ALL THE REST OF TRUMP'S LAWYERS ALL LIED. THEY CAN BE DISBARRED. @realDonaldTrump IS GOING TOO PRISON. @SDNYnews @NewYorkStateAG @ManhattanDA OLC IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL. INDICT TRUMP NOW. I WILL FILE DISBARMENT COMPLAINTS AGAINST ALL OF THEM 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins #ArrestBarr Barr is shady and dangerous as hell 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
#Grammy ratings were shite. Why? 1. The talent is weak &amp; plastic. 2. The music &amp; production is generic. 3. The subject matter, with few exceptions, is degenerate. 4. Fans don't like being shamed for their politics. 5. Musicians are no longer relatable. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Dear MAGA Land: Donald Trump just said you’re doing great financially, better than ever before in history, in fact, so right after the election will be a great time to cut your Medicare and Social Security! So happy for you! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
You rock, @realDonaldTrump! The Palestinians would be downright stupid not to take a 2-state solution. Watch your six, though. Obama &amp; his shadow gov't-at this very moment-are trying to undermine this. Anyone seen John Kerry-Heinz &amp; Val-the-Pal-Jarrett? 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" @realDonaldTrump @secpompeo 
"It is just so unfair that American companies are not allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas, Trump told the group. We're going to change that." 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his' Hannity is a drop out with crazy ideas. He is very dangerous...like the crazies on the radio trying to get money for their own profits..hannity is promoting treasonous conspiracy theories 
"Oklahoma district attorney auctioning counterfeiter's classic Ford Mustangs" FOX NEWS 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law You would think most people would be advanced enough in this world to put this barbaric treatment to rest. But nope, it is as ble as ever. 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters The people who would vote for Sanders don't realize socialism makes your life worse not better! What happens when you don't have taxes because no one works socialism fails 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Here is what @ thought about Good Old Joe jumping into the race in 2016! I assume that they have just forgotten about all this? Funny how they can pick and choose who to push down our throats. 
HaHaHa!! DemonRats trot out same-ol’-same-ol’; NOTHING new from a bankrupt party. “Perez named..Barney Frank..as co-chair of the convention’s Rules Committee..John Podesta..on the committee.”How about Jane Fonda,Al Franken,Moonbeam Brown? #back2the future 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@jentaub @AmandiOnAir @ @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve pretty sure this is it: 
Trump unveils map of proposed State of Palestine 
.@Jstreetdotorg This is a solid take on the #PeacePlan. Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Meanwhile back at the Ranch.....Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@jimsciutto oh no, on Sunday Jan 26th yet another Iranian attack on the embassy in Iraq. Iran clearly does not fear a very feckless trump. 
@Twitter suspended my account and deleted who I was following for a day and a half for linking to the @BuzzFeed article about Kobe Bryant. Why such protection of a basketball player??? @feliciasonmez @ACLU #MeToo 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive... 
For all the dummies that think Kobe raped Katelyn Faber (accuser) all it takes is a lil bit of research! Get ya Googles Up!! 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
China's women's Olympic soccer team quarantined in Australia 
(Tk G I am American! I dare a MF'er to, it would be the last! This is sick!) Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Evil nasty decision by @realdonaldtrump !! "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich What a swamp! 
@tribelaw Trump's Lionel Hutz lawyers mouth the word 'revenge' to please their single client. With facts and skills all on the other side, they could make things worse if/when they dig into Trump's 'self-impeaching' (@SpeakerPelosi) UKR scandal. 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
Growing list of major airlines canceling flights to and from China as part of efforts to stop the global spread of the new coronavirus. 
"If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound?" 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" HE HAD TO HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT THE BUNKERS ON THE BASE WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO WITHSTAND A BALLISTIC MISSILE ATTACK 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Sen. Lankford: President not a role model for my kids #rightsmatter #schiff 
They're so afraid to hear from anyone that goes against them. Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Wiley: 'Corrupt intent' is the only explanation for why Ukraine scheme happened as it did 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Screening for coronavirus to be expanded at 20 US airports: report 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB | 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
YEA! HERO @MittRomney Nothing to hide, nothing to fear! The truth shall set you free! Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Jay Sekulow at impeachment trial: You're being asked to remove a president in an election year 
@SarahHuckabee @CNN Sarah now tell America how ur feelings on the @POTUS praising Sec Pompeo for bullying a @NPR reporter.. days later having another NPR reporter removed from taxpayers plane? @WajahatAli @donlemon @TheRickWilson @PressSec 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
After the presentations by the Trump defense, why do the GOP senators need any witnesses at all. And why are they playing into the Democrat's hands? 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
Mitch McConnell lays out rules, schedule for Trump’s impeachment 
@GOPLeader JFC Steve, does Benghazi ring any bells? 
Bozell &amp; Graham: Adam Schiff's avalanche of media accolades — here's what they conveniently forget 
@donlemon don’t think that the millions of Americans will soon forget how you mocked us and called us illiterate and stupid! #WeThePeople WON’T EVER FORGET! 🤬🤬🤬🤬#FakeNewsDonLemon 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer says Hunter Biden will add "nothing" to the impeachment trial. "They're always looking for a shiny object to divert attention from the facts, and the law, against the president." 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections - Freaking has lied &amp; doctored video just like CNN &amp; all the other internet fake news channels. NO CREDIBILITY AT ALL. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Are they still doing this poll?! 
Maya Wiley: Trump's actions like 'you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution' 
Lawrence: Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
"Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters" Thank you Ivanka! Wilson, Ali and Lemon can kiss this Boomer's rosy red a$$. 
Trump's self-image takes precedence in White House business: book 
Kobe Bryant petition to change NBA logo to late NBA legend receives more than 1 million signatures 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
if Americans want Russia to choose their president, why not? lol 
We are coming for the House, Senate &amp; OF COURSE the White House! Nothing is going to stop this #TrumpTrain2020Express to #KeepAmericaGreat2020 Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
👳🏽‍♂️🧕🏾Religion of Peace👍🏾 
I suggest anyone with #ImpeachmentHoax doubt go watch @PamBondi presentation, Concise information some not seen before because of the #ShiftySchiff sales pitch. @DNC Exciting how @RepSwalwell @SpeakerPelosi &amp; @SenSchumer all be workin to #VoteDemsOut 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Bob Shane, last surviving original member of Kingston Trio, dead at 85 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
A. This is interesting. B. is referencing an ILLEGAL offshore sportsbook C. Place your bets 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Most people say “the U.S. Congress and the #Dems already has enough information!" There, fixed it for you 
Andrew Weissmann, legal analyst, remarks on whether Donald Trump's defense counsel could face any consequences for making factually false assertions in the course of the Senate impeachment trial. 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
“Trump’s complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails”. 🦇💩🤪 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Get this lady out of Congress!! Her Anti-semitic behind has no business representing the American People!! 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing Didn't watch it. No plans to ever watch anything CNN has to say. 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
"United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues" To get associate with Travel Giant Association call +91-999-000-7054 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll 
⁦@AriMelber⁩ asks ⁦Congressman Mark Meadows the questions. It was amazing as usual Ari! Thanks! ⁩ Top GOP lawmaker clashes over Trump's guilt in Senate trial 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Slimey lying libtard Democrat! Vote this clown out of office! 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
The impeachment should be over. It was done against the Constitution starting with Nancy's impeachment edict. Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
NBA postpones Tuesday's Lakers game as team mourns death of Kobe Bryant, helicopter crash victims 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Sen. Marsha Blackburn questions Lt. Col. Vindman's patriotism 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
Up yours you piece of 💩West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer. Pompeo is a disaster. Par for the Trump course. 
"Meghan Markle's sister says she failed to 'fix' family issues, racism not to blame for public backlash" FOX NEWS 
@BernieSanders I'm guessing your father didn't use socialist tactics and election contributions to make his family rich, either. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
.@RepAdamSchiff .@JerryNadler can you get this clip into the hearings? He virtually confessed to obstruction here, didn't he? 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
The next big question is whether @SenateGOP is crazy enough to bite on @WhiteHouse BS that Abuse of Power without crime is not impeachable. It will be their political tombstone in #2020. #RIP Gardner, Collins, McSally, Burr, McConnell, et al. | 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
This isn't a game show, Toomey. Report: Sen. Toomey proposing 'one-for-one' witness swap at impeachment trial 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩, you are such a creep and a deadbeat Senator. Pathetic. Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' | 
@BeingGrateful5 @BabyHumanist @kevand907 I don't care what the admin says about its own actions. The non-partisan government GAO said he broke The law. 
marks 18th consecutive year as number one cable news network 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize A nasty woman disguised as a justice warrior. A vowed Anti-Semite in our Congress😡⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ 
Right on [Q]ue..... McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #ImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentSham #Trump2020Landslide 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@maddow I used to be able to watch your show in its (near) entirety at but now only one to four minute clips are being posted there. What happened?!?🙁 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Let me recommend you this NEWS trump accuse jhon Bolton of liar because trump is a liar trump think everybody is a liar like him if I been jhon Bolton I tell trump let see by subpoena who is more liar than trump or jhon Bolton 
@IngrahamAngle @SaraCarterDC @RepLeeZeldin @SteveScalise @MarshaBlackburn @WisenbergSol @SenSchumer argument is with @RepAdamSchiff, not America. Schiff entered the Senate chamber with empty promises and sloppy work. @RepSwalwell spilled the beans: NO EVIDENCE 
This is nonsense! He’s already cut food stamps and Medicaid without congressional approval smh Lord please help us all! 
Velshi on the fight for truth and a fair impeachment trial 
@latimesent Hillary Clinton, just like in 2020 using the sexism card to try to hurt Bernie Sanders support among women. Bernie Sanders denounced sexism and said he did not want support from people who engaged in it. The receipt: #VotingForBernie #ThePeoplesChampion 
Please get on this #Poll, #TeamMAGA... 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' He’s been fired from his last two jobs. And he just keeps humiliating himself. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
@GOP @LindseyGrahamSC The first day of Donald Trump's impeachment trial was an opportunity for his defense team to bring its A-game. There was just one problem: They had no A-game to bring, It was ... embarrassing. 
Can I email my favorite show or host? 
"cheering on misogyny, cheering on abuse of the press...I'd have been fired if I treated anyone the way he treated her" Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Both sides will need to get along in a true peace or perish! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial scriptcowards! Vote no 
No problems just a bunch of Muslim Sharia zealots publicly whipping women. This is what globalist open borders would like like in 5 years in the USA. Trump!! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Podcast: Bolton manuscript revelations reverberate as Senate grapples with choice; Pompeo boots NPR from plane after fight with host; Michael Avenatti googled insider trading 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters How is this idiot still on air! CNN sucks! #FakeNewCnn 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@steph93065 @WendyLeighS @uelmendrado @senatemajldr Both can be found on the list below, and they were the only two called as they were the only two relevant to the hearings in the house. 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
From - Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans/ 5 Million Dollar Bounty On Her Head. Any Takers!? 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
One sick religion! We will not allow this in America! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
NPR host Mary Louise Kelly says that after an interview with Sec. Pompeo, she was asked to go to another room, where Pompeo shouted at her, asked if she thinks Americans care about Ukraine, used "the F-word," and asked her to point to Ukraine on map. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #SmartNews #Obstruction #TrumpResignNow 
Trump tweet attacking Adam Schiff analysed by legal experts TRUMP IS A VERY SICK &amp; MENTALLY ILL THING HE'S NOT EVEN HUMAN 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
What makes humanity great is that we imagine the impossible — we #DreamBig — that’s how change happens #WinWithWarren #Persist 
Op-ed author: The left is moving forward on nullifying the Electoral College | 
Mercedes-Benz truck climbs volcano to break high altitude driving record 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
".pnjaban: President Trump’s team brought not only tactics but also a compelling overarching theme – the context of the extended and a historically partisan impeachment spectacle in an election year when the people themselves can decide in nine months. 
The teflon Don. Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table “Ahead of the 2016 elections, Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 elections, he's saying ... something very different.” @ 
‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ @SenWhitehouse on the @realDonaldTrump defense @ @allinwithchris 
TrumpUnveilsM E peace plan withTwoState solution,tunnel connectinWestBank&amp;Gaza @shellieblum @RL9631 @itsjustjill @truthgunner @RealErincruz @uberstephanie @TXPoliticjunkie @buckseriously @eavesdropann @cgpb @saconi12 @ericarn4USA @Heidiponyrider 
@TwinklingTania wrong she did 135 for him and endorsed him four days later vs Bernie's 6 weeks She did rallies, TV interviews, doored to doored for him, spoke to labor unions who supported her first, etc 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Trump touts upcoming peace plan following meeting with Netanyahu despite Palestinian objections 
Pompeo berated, cursed at NPR reporter over Ukraine questions, she says 
@RichSementa @realDonaldTrump HERE IS THE SMOKING GUN AUDIO. The documents are with the WH lawyers. 
And in more @sensanders #election2020 news 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Mike Kerrigan: Florida's falling iguanas- Iguana know the truth - 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump GOP Hack and Ethically and Morally Bankrupt Trump Shoeshine Boy Kevin McCarthy is known on Capitol Hill as a Pathological Liar. Like Trump he simply makes up stories. He has been caught in dozens of outright lies. #RESIST 
@ananavarro We already know...McCain voted with #Trump 94% of the time. 🙄 
Imagine. On a regular basis the President of the United States surrounds himself at dinners with crowds like this one. 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@GOP You're kidding, right? Your guys are a joke. 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Douchebag @realDonaldTrump the same one that locks up kids? 
⁦@MacaesBruno⁩ Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Sen. Klobuchar on Bolton book manuscript: "I literally do not understand how our colleagues can justify this." 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Michelle Obama is now a Grammy winner 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
👍🇺🇸👍 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt | He is still a scumbag 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
@realDonaldTrump Con man Trump is lying again. "Don Lemon Scores Big Demo Ratings on Wednesday Cable News" "US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" __________ I am a torture victim of the FBI. Trump is covering up human rights abuse. 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
The problem with this solution, or any other solution which allows Israel to exist is this - the “Palestinians”, and associated terrorists, don’t want a solution. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered 
ALL OUT #MAGA George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Klobuchar: Bloomberg should be on debate stage so 'voters can evaluate him' 
"The seriousness of this moment has mostly meant that people are sitting down and listening," Sen. Warren tells @maddow. "It doesn't have the feel of a social moment. It has the feel of an historic moment—and people are paying more attention to the facts." 
@evalderrama1980 @thecuttman @DanielJ430 @NoirVegeta @cushbomb @JRubinBlogger @Mediaite Democratic socialist. Here, let me help you educate yourself since you have a problem with definitions. They are two very different things: 
Al Sharpton: Parnas tape 'very bad' for Trump 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
#Trump’s incessant whining about the impeachment process wouldn’t be especially notable were it not for a nagging detail: his complaints are getting a little weird. 🤪#ImpeachmentTrials 
@laz000 @cspanwj @NBCNews has now obtained what Lev Parnas, through his attorney, says is the full recording from a donor dinner in April 2018 that appears to be President Trump speaking about Amb. Yovanovitch. We will air the audio momentarily on @. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@SaraGideon Please help @SenatorCollins Keep her promise Susan Collins once pledged to only serve two terms 
Everyone Vote! #FlipThisPoll 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script From Discover on Google 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Truth and facts matter dick head‼‼ Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip... | January 28, 2020 #news 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Tlaib says she'll try to do better. But fails to apologize for retweeting blood libel against Jews. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: President's defense team makes case 
NO MORE RINOS !!! George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Bernie is the candidate who’s standing up for the multiracial working class! See you on the doors! 📋🗳✊ 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
YES. Please! As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Time for another drone strike? 
Trump welcomes Netanyahu to White House, announces new Middle East plan will be released Tuesday | 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran 
McConnell moves to lockdown press for Trump trial 
Must watch 
William Shatner finalizes divorce from fourth wife, will keep majority of $100 million fortune: report 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
What kind of defendant doesn't want witnesses at his trial? A guilty one. #ImpeachmentTrial #SmartNews 
Raw video: Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant seen circling above Glendale shortly before crash | 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@SenKevinCramer @realDonaldTrump @RepAdamSchiff @DailyCaller @amber_athey We the people who pay your salary want witnesses. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Hehe 
Damn well the @SenateGOP SHOULD be ashamed. If they had backbones and ANY regard for our republic, they would throw Trump's #LyingLawyers out on their tushes, remove #MoscowMitch as leader, and remove Trump. 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
From 2015 but still… 
#BluntlyTreason "Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize OK America..it is our fault that a person like Ratsh*t Tlaib got elected...we need to vote her our next election...she is a sick motherfuc*er 
#Maddow: 'Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses' 
Romney: ‘I think it’s very likely I’ll be in favor of witnesses’ 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump FauxNews poll says bullshit. Economy is good. Everything ended is down and he’s losing America. 
"Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments" I agree with Jay. Just watch the video at the top. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@SenatorCollins have you listen to the tape? 1 hour and 23 minutes. If you listen and then still say Trump is innocent then your soul is completely lost and sold to Trump 
We can longer reconcile the balance between freedom of speech and the divisive impact this event is having in our city." Who is being divisive? Who is being hateful? Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"It's absolutely imperative that we have witnesses with first-hand information ... what is the president afraid of?" - Sen. Tester on potential witnesses at impeachment trial 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | #RepublicansForImpeachment #ImpeachmentTrial 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers’ licenses at risk 
Finally. #CornavirusTravelBan As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse 
Christians are fleeing China. they say it is no longer safe for them. China is currently cracking down on religion. They are closing churches and arresting Christians and throwing them in prison. 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls #9d19c36497925f78ac6226ba06184284 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' RIGHT?! ⁦@RandPaul⁩ 
Looks like Hillary Rotten is fixing to waltz in and steal it again. Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Meet the candidate challenging Lindsey Graham for his Senate Seat 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Something fishy in the wharf city. 😉 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
I had no clue officials were corrupt in San Fran... they take BRIBES? 😱😱😱 “San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested” 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
@RepSylGarcia Trump’s lawyers began the impeachment trial with a blizzard of lies. 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' @rhotwire 
We could have our 51st state right here folks. If over half the counties secede from Virginia what does that mean for baby killer Northam? Demise I hope West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial 
#mepolitics : Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
God bless Ivanka!.CNN continues to plummet down the filthy sewer. Shame on AT&amp;T for allowing such garbage to air! Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Well after people come out on trump he always lie never I'm sorry I misspoke or let me check my notes it's always denial. Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@USSenate pay attention. This is a microcosm of what is happening across America. Do not screw our President over. #Trump2020 @realDonaldTrump #WeStandwithPotus Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
If Republicans are serious about pushing this talking point - Trump had a very similar missive this morning - it's probably worth taking a moment to explain why it's so foolish. 
he knew before taking away the aid. 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
The 2020 Ram 1500 #EcoDiesel is ready for any adventure - no matter the terrain. Stop by our showroom in #Georgetown for a test drive today! ⛰️ #RamPickup #RamTrucks 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Mississippi inmate becomes ninth from troubled prison to have died in January 
@Metalm68 @4theloveofgawd @ChidiNwatu @NBAonTNT @SHAQ It's okay, he wants to do it now, let's do it. Let's revisit the fact that she told her friends she wanted to sue Kobe to pay for her breast implants and a koala bear. To top it off, semen was found on her person and clothing that DID NOT match Kobe. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Romney is a leftist moron. Utah has to vote him out. John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
White House hopes to derail Congress' threat assessment briefing 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Fotis Dulos tried to hit estranged wife Jennifer Dulos with a car, threatened her multiple times: documents claim 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Unapologetic, antisemitic, semitephobic @RashidaTlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump Did Trump know him? 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
So inclusiveness is listening to people who agree with you but making sure nobody ever hears someone you don't agree with? Doing this shows you are either afraid of losing or, simply, you're wrong. 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie SENATOR OATH MEANS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING THE REASON WHY THEY REINVIENTED REMOVING THE BIBLE. 
Not just ‘headaches’: 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries #SmartNews It would be no big deal for trump, no one could even tell but for many it’s devastating! 
@RepAndyBiggsAZ @RepMarkMeadows @realDonaldTrump NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
Their frustration comes after Perez named former Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts – who was a surrogate for Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign and John Podesta – who served as Clinton’s 2016 campaign manager. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
@LindseyGrahamSC you seem to be high on the list here. Why have you changed your mind? Rachel includes a lot of others in this piece, I'd love to hear directly from all of you. Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
“Azar said the Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country...offer was first made on Jan. 6” “This is a major public health issue, and we need the best public health people in the world right now [to respond]," 
What is the #1 Food That Will be Eaten During the Super Bowl? Hint: Over One Billion Will Fly Off the Shelves 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' #PhonyPaul 
What could the Bolton bombshells mean for Trump's impeachment trial? #11thHour 
So, this list is bullshit. It’s per capita not overall crime. If you don’t have Chicago at the top of every “worst” crime/murder list, you’re objectively wrong. I wouldn’t have guessed any of these cities (aside from Baltimore). 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
@realDonaldTrump I read them and heard the testimony under oath, you are guilty. 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid John Kelly. Trump fired him, right? Another jilted deep stater. 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Neither side wants her 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
#Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #USA #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Republicans #Ukraine This week, Donald Trump abandoned his 2016 rhetoric and put entitlement cuts on the table. Yesterday, he tried to clean up the mess. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Fixed your mistake, @. You're welcome. Audio recording "100 PERCENT PROVES" conversation between Parnas and Trump about Ukraine ambassador 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ 
The recent polls are showing #Americans want to hear from #impeachment #witnesses or this is a gross r #GOP #coverup. "Perfect" #caronavirus #SaturdayMorning #TrumpTapes #IGotKickedOutOfSpaceForce 
"Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support" FOX NEWS 
Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine @nbcnews 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
FREAKING @GOP!! 😡 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
ME: We're seeing real-time how a #SoftDictatorship is born. It's not by force. It's by the #AcquiescenceOfLegislators operating out of fear. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #JusticeRoberts 
Massive crowds form for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ New Jersey rally #KAG2020LandslideVictory 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much 
The public interest in hearing from witnesses is a remarkable thing. Watch: 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Weissmann: GOP playing 'hear no evil, see no evil' because they don't want to find it 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
@cnnbrk Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Little Don “ lemonade” Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Best recruiter for Donald J Trump reelection in 2020!!!! 
I vividly remember that day. My elementary school principal did an announcement over the intercom announcing the tragedy. My teacher had to sit down for a second while she processed the news before answering all of our questions and worry. 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan | 
On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument 
Lara Trump blames impeachment push on president's economic success | 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
We need to get rid of this #ComplicitGOP! 
Ppl just like Nespresso garbage 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN They also want your head $80M is the current offering 😂😂 
@goldenpdx47 @CBSNews @JonathanTurley @kim_wehle That's not how impeachment works at all. The Senate doesn't review the impeachment. They hold a trial. You are absurd. Who doesn't care about witnesses? 69% of Americans want to see witnesses in this trial. My God you are ill-informed. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base Evacuees should be taken to the military base on the isolated Pacific Island of Midway for quarantine and observation before being returned to North America. 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Lemon is such an arrogant bag of shit. CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
• Don Lemon Man says he witnessed CNN host Don Lemon's alleged assault: 'I was kind of making fun, I feel bad now' | 
@CNN is the Bat Soup of networks: Coronavirus News Network CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Definition of a very unstable 🍊 #moroninchief #nutJobInChief who shouldn't have got within a million miles of political office "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump's relationship with John Bolton deteriorated quickly. • 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Quit while you still can. @SenateGOP @HouseGop #SenateGOP #DripDripDrip #SenateTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #SenateCoverup Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP @ 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
From - GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source SENATE FULL TRANSPARENCY 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth finalize divorce 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump’s Middle East peace plan is an 'opportunity of a lifetime' for Israelis and Palestinians 
"He was not happy to have been questioned about Ukraine, he asked, 'Do you think Americans care about Ukraine?' He used the F word in that sentence, and many others," NPR correspondent Mary Louise Kelly said. 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script LET'S WASTE TAX DOLLARS FOR ANOTHER 3 MONTHS!!! 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Get her! 
From Discover on Google 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@thehill No to investigate his political opponent fool Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... Fact Sheet: DOD Certified that Ukraine Met Corruption ... 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
NFL injuries: How much the league paid to starters who missed games in 2019 
#Bolton #revelations could change calculus on #ImpeachmentWitnesses #News #TrumpLies #TrumpAdministration #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrail #Witnesses 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. @nbcnews 
Rat Man Giuliani should take Trump's case, he would b doing DEMOCRATS a great favor. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Congratulations ⁦@LouisianaGov⁩ ⁦@MayorBroome⁩ ⁦@mayorcantrell⁩ America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Politics Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
I am NOT going to Louisiana! 😲 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Former Watergate prosecutor slams Trump lawyers’ arguments 
The nuns' time-honored pledges of service, chastity, poverty, and obedience seem far removed from the modern orbit in which we live – igniting a vocal push to save nuns across the nation. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Imagine that!!! "Republicans" give Democrat Socialists exactly what they want!!! 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
President Trump takes to Twitter to complain about his impeachment trial defense team starting their defense Saturday. 
After the Iranian missile strike, Donald Trump made a lot of claims that were plainly untrue. But it's the "no Americans were harmed" line that he should most regret. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
@YoSniperGames @realDonaldTrump McConnell has plans. He's always ahead of Shumer. 
"Fox special takes an inside look at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as they step back from royal duties" 
They should lose their license! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@KarenAttiah @legaleagle1952 Trumps got another little trick up his sleeve. Know what I’m stepping in? 
Ron Johnson and Lindsay Graham have certainly not been quiet about the trump scheme. They went full corruption on it. Republicans who stood up for Ukraine aid quiet on Trump scheme 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law So—-It’s ok to treat women this way? 😕 
County to County: Voters in Beaver County, Pa. talk to Stephanie Ruhle about impeachment 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office Let’s do this! #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
Ironic Dems support Bolton now? He pushed 'fake weapons of mass destruction' in Iraq and wanted outright war with Iran! Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
Chris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this 
More lies and hate Dick Don Lemon. You're irrelevant and no one cares about your self righteous BS. Fake news #BoycottDonLemon #CNN #BoycottCNN @CNN Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" #seniors #WakeUp 
Thank you #MAGABrainErnst for helping our case to defeat your #CultMasterTrump 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees ⁦@SenSanders⁩ never learns... 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism | 
Several news outlets are currently reporting that Mitch McConnell said he doesn't yet have votes he would need. 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office ~ please remove this doofus dotard lying pathetic racist POtuS 💩 
Shorter @BernieSanders: "Socialism is great for everyone but me and my family: we deserve to make millions off of public "service" and hiding money" #2faced #hypocrisy 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
The president himself is the best witness, says congresswoman 
"I've seen a few people look down at their shoes when strong cases are made for national security. To me, they look embarrassed because they know very well what was going on here, and so many of them have spoken out against Russia in the past, and... 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
@CindyKendrick11 From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
YUGE MASSIVE CROWDS... Shut your mouths democrats, you’ll catch flies! 
Detroit on the comeback since 1967. So much time and money on downtown while neighborhoods are controlled by drug dealers. Can we make America safe for Americans. Narcos destroying America America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Perhaps including class training on state law and politics will now be needed to assure that hotdogs are not overcooked by vegans, anti Trumpers, media, or any other cause addicted. Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020... 
@willchamberlain Seasons change, Will. Should I post Dershowitz or Giuliani next? 1 #republicanT, 2 republicanT, 3 #republicanT...so, so many. Might as well post 1 on Cruz too Oh! Here's the transcript trump demanded you read. It's pretty good! After the article. 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Audio bolsters Parnas claims about dinner with trump and proves once again that trump is a Liar. 
@Cara_TXZEAL @BluesBrother91 @RMachArts @wmahoney5 @blcartwright @ja1rad @SpicyNoodles2 @SassExtra @mizdonna @salty_dawg69 @weebutmightiest @WilhelmDerErste @DrPainsInfo @chriswray3 @Joe_Logical @TexasKelGirl @HankMullaney @TheRand2025 @ByronFackenthal @birockin @coco_bean88 @jellen805 @mom_grateful @AllanKirkhart @JonAdam24656739 @unseen1_unseen @sportsmom9433 @jskielb3 @politicalwilli @KellySunshineT1 @sc_lorraine @JayVanorman @textranquilo @ModBond1 @LeighStagger @olystubbies44 @blc3428 @BS2KZ @TurntableKittah @is_contagious @AuntieVodkahhh @Debbie22210 @SonofMan__2 @RickCrainium @Boozy2B @RadGeekpartduex @PlimouthOutWest @markjohnt2 This could happen. 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
.@ewarren tells @Lawrence that impeachment is so connected to the 2020 election because, at a base level, impeachment is about corruption and not serving the national interest. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court Other than that, nothing suspicious. 🤨 
These GOP senators are AS GUILTY as the would-be terrorists who would seek to purchase a fire-arm to kill American citizens. Full stop. #StopTheKillings 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
@DonLemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters. This guy should be fired immediately! He is a lying lowlife scumbag. WHAT CRAP!! #LOSER #SCUMBAG #HATER #CRAPSHOW #LIAR #ELITIST 
We have criminals trying to impeach a sitting President on HERESAY 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #IowaCaucus 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #MAGA #4MoreYears 
💥🚨💥China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary What is China Hiding? ...a Bio-Weapon gone wrong? or, A Virus that’s Spread throughout the Country which they’ve Not Reported !!?!! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Without question! 
Bolton's manuscript leaks as memoir pre-orders begin on Amazon; Trump fires back 
Where do We The People apply for a NO EXPERIENCE $80,000+/- a month job? 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
JUST IN: At least 8 people dead, 300 injured after 6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes eastern Turkey, officials in the country tell local media. 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
China has refused the CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus If the CCP has Nothing to hide why refuse help from the World's leading experts?? #Coronavirus 
Senator is an INDEPENDENT! Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 29 Jan 2020 - 12:48:00 am By Madeline Farber | 
The religion seems to be getting more peaceful all the time 🤔 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
Tapes don’t lie, right ⁦@JillWineBanks⁩ ?#watergategirl #LevParnasAudio #RemoveTrump 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Holy shit... A REPUBLICAN president proposing a Two State Solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict??? Wonder what the Palestinians think? Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
THERE GO FELICIA GOING TO TRY TO GET ANOTHER $2 ROCK 
I am on hiatus from Infowars so please watch for the duration #FishingForRobots #FreeCalifornia #Python #DesignThinking #MachineLearning #Eris #100DaysOfCode #GiletsJaunes #RewardsPoints #Javascript #Tunisia #Hockey #Economist #HealthyRecipes 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office #WitnessesAndDocuments 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Good 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
@WhitlockJason @marcelluswiley w/ regards to the story, do you think that some of the others on the chopper might eventually turn to some sort of lawsuit against the estate of Kobe? Wrongful death? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN @CNN TRUTH: 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Corruption in almost every state you have d totalitarian dictatorship Democrats are in control, another example? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
It Should Be 20 Straight Years of Republican Presidents Too - Obama Was An Anomaly @realDonaldTrump @cecki @tbrown83096079 @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @BlueBonnet_TR @pegalomania #KAG #KAG2020 
Sen. Sanders surges in latest round of Iowa polling 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Impeachment has such awkward timing: Did you forget? Durham's investigation into possible FBI misconduct is now criminal probe, sources say | 
@SenSchumer You never cease to amaze me of the depth of your sleaziness Schumer. Be careful as many people have keys to the closets you hide your skeletons. Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation 
Fact is Abbas and Hamas never wanted a 2 state solution, merely the destruction of Israel Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@focused4USA @AlexNowrasteh @Anna_Giaritelli Reince Priebus is a snake in a suit. 
Unfortunately, he has the majority of the republicans behind him and believing that he’s above the constitution and the law, but one day, as the saying... 
@realDonaldTrump 🍄SPOILER ALERT 🍄 The @GOP needs to buckle up. #LEVidence #AmericansDemandWitnesses #amjoy @SenJoniErnst @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @MittRomney @Senategop @SenJohnKennedy 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump #ConfederacyOfDunces 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Holy irony, Batman! 😁 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Weissmann: GOP playing 'hear no evil, see no evil' because they don't want to find it 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change | 
"Country star Chase Rice slams 'Bachelor' producers for ex-girlfriend drama on show" 
Another Disgruntled Ex Trump Staffer! John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
.Joe Scarborough says Rep. Schiff's speech was a "virtuoso performance" yesterday during opening arguments at the Senate impeachment trial. 
@DNC note to dems stop this nonsense you're going to lose hate @realDonaldTrump 24/7 not working start by talking about infrastructure,security and immigration @GOP folks dont care about impeachment they want jobs and security 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
Please Republicans. So you can look in the mirror again. #OneVoice1. #RebelResisters Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" "If that means some Republicans have to try to smear a decorated American veteran, it’s a price they’re willing to pay in service of Trump." 
@realDonaldTrump Not what you said today. Trump puts entitlements on the table post election 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer says Republicans "don't want to hear the true facts because it puts them in such difficult positions" during the impeachment trial. @JohnCornyn @KentKSmith 
@realDonaldTrump You should know your the Perfect Con man 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law #islamistheproblem Lets keep allowing these animals to migrate to America, what could go wrong? The religion of peace my A$$ 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' "Ken Starr was out there shadowboxing with himself... and constitutionally, we just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face and then walk off the floor." 'Mr. Abuse-of-Power' - Ken Starr 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets Mohammed "Tiny Potties" Nuru arrested on suspicion of public corruption. 👉 How can anyone take Pelosi seriously with so much filth and corruption in her own backyard. 
⁦@TheAwards2020⁩ because literally no ONE CARES 👎🏼 Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low | 
Like signing their own death warrants blindly supporting this known criminal and traitor. #GOPComplicitTraitors #KillTheGOP #DeathToTheGOP #TrumpIsGuilty 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
From Discover on Google 
Mississippi inmate becomes ninth from troubled prison to have died in January - @GoogleNews 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
China is desperately trying to contain #CoronaVirus by curtailing internal travel, but is not worried about exporting it to the rest of the world. There are no restrictions on leaving China. Please watch. Dr. Marc Siegel on rapid spread of coronavirus 
Romney: 'I'd like to hear from John Bolton' 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown It’s A Cover Up America deserves to hear from the Witnesses 
Oprah Winfrey's major moments, from 'The Color Purple' to that Tom Cruise interview 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
"Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia" 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
ICYMI: Americans should see evidence Pence has made classified #ImpeachmentTrial 
Republicans ideology flip flops often they wrote Here's why the left hates John Bolton -- and why they are wrong | 
@MarshaBlackburn @donlemon is nobody 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Biden's a counterpuncher. (See the last tweet in this thread.) 
Africa locust plague worst infestation in decades: ‘Even cows are wondering what is happening’ 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
Greece elects its first female president 
Intentional lying in #Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
🤣🤣🤣 Get #rekd losers @DNC 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
⁦@JoyVBehar⁩ is an ass 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
SELF SERVING Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
@loumosartoriale @ReciteSocial @SteveKrak @DailyCaller Let @BrandonStraka explain this video to you. 
Warren endorsement by Des Moines Register explained by executive editor #TeamWarren 
"Wiley Share this - copied Maya Wiley, legal analyst, remarks on the rigor of the case being presented by the House managers in Donald Trump's... 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Schiff%20ends%20day%20with%20powerful%20argument%20for%20Trump%27s%20removal 
Police: Fotis Dulos being treated for carbon monoxide poisoning 
I suspect that he wanted her removed by all possible methods "'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
ROBOCALLS! 😡 READ THIS! These are some of the Americans? whom are DESTROYING our lives w/ the rodocalls, alledgedly! HA~! READ! Copy the names and LET THEM KNOW !😡💩 
This is what people with very low standards and a very high gullibility level do.q 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Probably really a man. 
Thanks. A good way for @realDonaldTrump not to get re elected. :-) 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
NBC News has obtained the audio released by Lev Parnas through his attorney that appears to show Trump ordering the firing of then-U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Limp dick Republicans... Sick of these bone heads.... ⁦@SenRonJohnson⁩ McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
WaPo: Trump lawyers, GOP allies work to ensure Bolton from testifying 
Pride goes before the fall. 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
I hope we get at least 10 ,its kinda symbolic.. Im sentimental for GOD...you know like when he and Abraham talked he said at least 10 but there wasnt even 10 good people 
Great Interview #YangMediaShoutOut thanks for the coverage People &amp; Planet over Politicians &amp; Profit #HumanityFirst #Yang2020 
@Cuck_Todd and @ the belly of the iceberg is Joe Biden and major fucking Ukrainian / US govt corruption so bring it on bitches! Jeh Johnson on the trial: We only probably know the tip of the iceberg 
Sounds very much like murder for hire to me. 
Jeremy Bash: Will Republicans allow a real Trump impeachment trial? NO 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
What 'A Very Stable Genius' reveals about Trump's first years in WH 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Former ESPN host Jemele Hill returns to TV on Bravo’s ‘Below Deck’ 
Harmeet Dhillon: Trump’s Senate impeachment trial team is showing Schiff how it’s done, with facts and class 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Magnificently indignant, eloquent 2 minutes by @chrislhayes last night on Trump and the Republicans and Hunter Biden. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that ;// If Trump supporters and Trump himself are so disgusting, what does that say about the people that oppose him and lose? We call them Democrats 
The Michigan GOP's spying operation: an exclusive report | 
@RavanDawn Your tweets are working!!! 
Romney: &amp;#8216;I&amp;#8217;d like to hear from John Bolton&amp;#8217; 
👀what the hell is going on here🤔China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says If I were on that flight, I’d volunteer to be quarantined for 14 days before being set loose. I mean, just make sure I have some books and food. France is smart. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
@concerned_chi @TheBayAreaBuzz @DJtheGibson @kasie Get yourself educated, you're speaking like a toddler. 
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @LindseyGrahamSC @GOPLeader @senatemajldr @DevinNunes @Jim_Jordan #MattGaetz @vp @SecPompeo @benshapiro @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump Hey Lindsey , Mitch , I guess you Would be in that secret 30😳😬😡😔See Donnie we wish🙏 
"Justin Bieber admits he questioned if he could 'be faithful' to Hailey Baldwin before marriage proposal" 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial | January 27, 2020 #news 
@RichardGrenell @lalauraru777 You are right. The Palestinian authority is addicted to the status quo. 
@Leonard_Misner @nora_germain @JohnFugelsang @richardmarx Well this is awkward 
“This is a rabbit hole I don't think anybody wants to go down, particularly the Republican members of the senate. He's got records you cannot ignore,” says @FrankFigliuzzi1 on whether Lev Parnas will be called as witness in the Senate impeachment trial 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought / #GOTV 
⁦@senatemajldr⁩ explain to the undecided Senators, that if the Dems win and oust our President, the Republican Party will never win again. They will go after Pence next. 
@DOI78784681 @BernieSanders Do You Even Knowledge 
Trump says US has plan to contain coronavirus | 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I... 
Idiots like @Alyssa_Milano who support this barbaric medieval cult should get to personally experience it. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@CBSNews Yeah, well, the DOJ is already out saying Bolton lied: DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Don't miss President Trump's New Jersey rally Tuesday evening at 7pm. 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
LOTS of GOOD in this plan, except LIE 45s 2 Jews-favoring acts bolstered it! It made it likely to be rejected! Corrupt Bibi kissing corrupt Chumps tail! Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@BernieSanders You're a joke and corrupt thief, stealing from the public.. 
please share wide. 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Loved this interview! #YangSurge #americaneedsyang On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad @NBCNews 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Yes. Finally.. Late in life... Before he lived without Electricity, basically a BUM.. 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Glenn Kirschner: ‘Vladimir Putin owns Donald Trump’ : Take Note Fellow Americans!!!! 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses // #TrumpImpeachmentTrial // 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees. Paul Manafort is in jail yet John Podesta is back with the DNC. We cannot continue to have a two tier justice system. The deep state Democrats must pay for their crimes. 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
That response plan sounds very familiar... “China's leaders have made major efforts to contain the spread of the virus, including the immediate construction of a 1,000-bed hospital to accommodate the growing number of patients.”.... 
Dick Gregory: 50 years after the Watts riots - 
.@SenAngusKing on Trump impeachment: "This is more serious than I thought." Learn more: #11thHour 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters NOT accepted. Lee-MON is a peacock, strutting himself while lying and bashing Pres Trump and WE the People. He is derilect- a political hacked up shipwreck. I was appalled to view the childish slanders 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza if Palestinians avoid negotiations nothing ever will be done.If Israel/people displace one of the most effective,hardest fighting PM,this country will fall. 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant 
From the Community Conference Room ... Props to the "managers." A great laser beam focus on the facts. In my opinion, those in the senate who reject the public's right and request to hear witnesses and review documents will do so at their... 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Every once &amp; a while, we get to see a spectacular dismantling of #Trumpism. This 1 minute summary by @DavidJollyFl (end of clip) is brilliant &amp; lethal in it's evisceration of #Republican party. @TheRickWilson &amp; @RadioFreeTom do quite a bit of damage 
#BREAKING NEWS: Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@terri06416154 @Graenni @2600Khz You literally can’t make this shit up LOL 
if Palestinians are serious for peace, Trump can get it done. This solves a decades-old problem. I am also tired of hearing about BS impeachment. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco Democrat Mohammed Nuru — in Charge of Cleaning up City’s Filthy Streets — Arrested by FBI for Public Corruption 
Vice President Mike Pence would probably prefer not to worry about Donald Trump's impeachment trial. But since he's been implicated in the scandal, it's not that easy. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
If You're Able To Call Any Of These "Waffling" Senators, Please Urge Them To Vote (NO!) When It Comes To Witnesses! 
MOSCOW MITCH CONTINUES TO LIE &amp; CHEAT, THIS TIME ON PUBLIC TV. HE'S THE SAME UGLY OLD SLEAZE BAG AS ALWAYS. Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Maya Wiley: Trump's actions like 'you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution' 
Lawrence: Dem House Managers doing ‘flawless job’ in opening impeachment arguments 
Sessions on Bolton book: We don't have enough discipline, respect in our government #AAG #AAG2020 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump Here's what Lisa Page herself said about the insurance policy. Please listen. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
ESPN anchor's touching tribute to Kobe Bryant goes viral 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
If Trump pulls this off it would be Historical. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 👍👍👍👍👍🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
African-American pastor’s incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
@AlanDersh Alan, since you're having such trouble understanding the law, here are at least two laws Trump broke: Illegal to withhold the aid for any reason: Illegal to even SEEK foreign help in an election: 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Kentucky newspaper op-ed calls out McConnell for ‘violating’ two constitutional oaths #MoscowMitchIsATraitor and #Kentucky voters should #VoteHimOut 
94% of the media supports impeachment; totally disregarding, like the many daily handgun killings in Chicago,that an open coup attempt on the POTUS been building for the past 4 years; can’t make this stuff up! All taking place before our eyes on live TV. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
My, my, Americans really are tired of elitist pat-myself-on-the-back-it’s-all-about-me awards shows. Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Nuclear fallout exposes fake 'antique' whisky 
Doesn't surprise me one bit. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Florida police issue Amber Alert for missing newborn last seen at home where 3 women found shot dead 
Our own @carriecordero: "Contrary to tone of some coverage, I'm struck by the *lack* of conservative legal star power on Trump's impeachment team" 
@Gregory4Destiny Military Industrial Complex is run by women. 
🤔🤔🤔 Imagine that, another corrupt Democrat getting rich off corruption 😡😡 👇👇👇👇👇 San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse | “I kept waiting for Trump to say he likes troops who don’t get traumatic brain injuries.” 
Good morning America! Here's @donlemon once again telling you not to believe your eyes and ears. Even though you watched him belittling you for being a Trump supporter it's not what he was doing. You heard him doing it but you heard wrong. Daduq 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
State Dept. releases docs that show how Giuliani's smear campaign vs. Yovanovitch reached Pompeo BAM! 
Rev. Franklin Graham on the importance of preserving faith | Chronicles 7;14 
.@costareports says Democrats are considering a Biden-for-Bolton witness trade: "When they look at the hard line taken by Sen. Majority Leader McConnell, they're wondering, privately for now, whether they should start to talk about a possible witness deal" 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' @nuzzel 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
.@JoeNBC: Sen. Blackburn is attacking "the patriotism of an Iraq war hero." 
Wow, it only took 32 days after the #Coronavirus was discovered for @united to stop flights, or maybe? #OMG how many other airlines are still flying to and from #China? United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Did the media forget Qassem Soleimani was a terrorist? 
As seen on #Hannity last night. Who dis? It's FNC's @gregg_re (follow him) 
~ I would also suggest the App ~ 
@Vote_Trump @marvin_hill123 @evansrc717 @WattzzD @Larry007Legend @Fueldog1 @PPPTCE @ruxcytbl @xXGeJaMoXx @CharlesVanCott @Searchingforth8 @allbikesbiker @_Fat_Nixon @Julie82902847 @side_show007 @Larryputt @jack_pyro @KLHirst1 @TyDonevski @McginnKeven @thomascarolan12 @davidf4444 @Scotsman_Drew @holycrap37 @ForgottenSaint3 @eleanor70001 @USApaTriot58 @Kmanaman3 @spiralwrap @Duwayn55629746 @MarlaHooch2 @someotherperso3 @TC1776 @ClayMMA1 @KeecoWang5 @GemmaTorrent11 @MayorOfTwitr @wasthatholly @IHaveGodsFavor @StillFreeSCOTTY @Judge_Knot @SonOScrutinizer @jewls2245_gemma @Bobbitor1 @DennisH59386592 @vlotorto @FxAxMxBxA @lockrousseau @freedom_gal @seniorveteran Here's some evidence from Guiliani's coworker...you're just dismissing it. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Succinct analysis from the former prosecutor. Sen. Kamala Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected #ImpeachmentTrial 
Important. 
@TCDon8 @JoeNBC Trade d ficit has increas d under Trump US trade deficit widened to $50.1 billion in July | 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
@SenJoniErnst Just a game to Republicans like Joni Ernst who are hiding the evidence from the American people. Their sole concern is to COVER UP Trump's crimes, not to honor their oath. These are not patriots, they are cowards. #GOPCoverup 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
@lettie_cox @steph93065 @realDonaldTrump Sure. Look up to the grifter. 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Trump is a security theat, period. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night Trumpian politics" - #Maddow 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Iowa youth engagement ticks up ahead of Iowa caucuses, survey shows 
#Shocker Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording - @GoogleNews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@maddow has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
@DailyCaller Bondi took $25,000 to help the “Trump U”’fraud case. To clarify, that is the older FRAUD settlement. The most recent: 
More #FakeNews in order to create a false narrative to get rid of @realDonaldTrump The only way this ends is for the dems to be wiped out in elections and liberal media bankruptcy. DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
9 people who died in helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant, daughter Gianna identified 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" #MAGA2020 
Some of the sad news coming from this is the lack of homage payed to "others" who died. #KobeFarewell #BryantKobe 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
So, wasn’t Tlaib elected to Support the American People, she is NOT DOING HER JOB! Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan Lemon is a sad political liberal who hides behind Race and being Homo. 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
I'm walking through the forest so ingest also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #ServiceDesign #GoGoCosplay #Freebies #Jobs @SSS_Retweets @SympathyRTs #AmWriting #AI #DesignThinking #DesignSprint #AmReading @DripRT @FlyRts #Eventi #HR 
Chris Matthews on message to GOP senators: 'Not only did [Trump] do this... he will keep doing it' 
Dems pounce in court after Dumbshit Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
NEW: A 2nd coronavirus case has been confirmed in the US, the CDC says; the patient, a woman in her 60s, is hospitalized in Chicago, and is reportedly doing well. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
This IS defamation and SHOULD beven pprosecuted as such. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
It's one thing for Dems to denounce GOP indifference to evidence; it's something else for Roy Blunt - a member of the GOP leadership - to effectively say Democratic assumptions are correct. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say Excellent commentary by Rand Paul 
Americans should be infuriated at @realDonaldTrump stance on abortion and women’s rights. 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
@realDonaldTrump There are tapes! This is looking more like the Nixon impeachment. For someone that Trump didn't know, he certainly seems to be listening to Parnas' opinions about Ukraine pretty seriously. This is very incriminating! 
Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat | 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript Not just Joe and Hunter but BHO also based on Joe’s bragging 
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's on-air performance on NPR was equal parts evasive and cringe-worthy. Pompeo's off-air performance was quite a bit worse. - "Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
The Dems failed to make their case in the house &amp; want to string out this impeachment trial to damage @realDonaldTrump's re-election. The President has given us the best economy in my lifetime &amp; rebuilt our military--the Dems are just afraid of his record. 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton @niominiomid 
@atensnut Lemon has to do something to distract from his wrong doings! Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
Nuclear fallout exposes fake 'antique' whisky 
America gave Ukraine our word and Trump reneged, just like hes done for 40 years in business His word means crap. #LiarInChief #ImpeachAndRemove #Ukraine 
Love Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
⁦@Harvard⁩ goes beyond liberal indoctrination...how about treason! #AmericaForSale Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
'Danger,' 'despot,' 'liars': See Trump trial opening argument by Dem prosecutors 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
#foxAmerica top 5 deadliest cities Anyone care to point out the common denominator in all five of these cities? 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
House Intel's impeachment report has a 'flood of evidence' against Trump 
Former GOP strategist Rick Wilson says Pres. Trump's angry six-page letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi bolsters a narrative that the country cannot take another four years with him in the White House. 
This was magnificent. Thank you to @DavidJollyFL, @TheRickWilson and @RadioFreeTom for saying what I am a thinking. 
@senatemajldr Listen to the people. 
Another win coming up for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Prayers for ⁦⁦@netanyahu⁩ and success with peace plan Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump’s Middle East peace plan is an 'opportunity of a lifetime' for Israelis and Palestinians 
@lookner perhaps they lowered the numbers to get other countries to back off ? “Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with the outbreak response” 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? . Make NO MISTAKE Peoples Benefits Are On The Chopping Block By the Entire Republican Party . Interview Congressman Kelly Of Pennsylvania He Is In Favor Of These Cuts. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Oh ho! Now this is funny! 🤣 What you think ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ @AOC ? Fireworks 🧨 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there’s ‘new evidence’ daily #SmartNews 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
More REAL NEWS the #FakeNewsMedia fails to REPORT on..... #ImpeachmentHoax #KAG2020 🇺🇸 As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Joy Behar links migrants at US-Mexico border to Holocaust during interview with Holocaust survivors 
#d81910ef0b3059739892a2d6f92f6551 Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Always working, always trying to bring peace ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit All about the money. Kardashian Wannabes ⁦@SussexRoyal_⁩ 
W/o comment...🤦‍♀️ Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that The sentence "The demented outburst went unnoticed for two days because so few people actually watched Lemon’s show." Says it all. 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' #CNN is inline with the @DNC’s preferred candidate disgusting but that’s how CNN rolls &amp; your Clinton lawsuit is making you persona non grata 
PARNAS: After analyzing all the evidence and sitting back and really understanding what's going on, I don't think Vice President Biden did anything wrong. I think he was protecting our country and getting rid of probably a crooked attorney general. 
But the U.S. is getting dangerously close to The Handmaid's Tale... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
I feel more people should be shocked by Trump admitting he couldn't have debated Bernie than him asking for the ambassador to be ousted. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #SmartNews 
Schiff: Senate will 'give no refuge' to witnesses who claim executive privilege 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Saudi Arabia is endorsing Trump Administration's plan for permanent Israeli occupation of parts of Palestine and ethically-based second class status for Palestinians 
@MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump OOPS!! 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@MarshaBlackburn Bless your heart! #ImpeachedForLife 
Covington Catholic bus involved in fatal crash in Kentucky on return from March for Life rally 
Chris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this 
Drumpf whining again, but not too much bc GOP instituted rules he’s crying about. 😂😂😂😂😂 ‘Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense | 
I don't find myself saying this often: Brit Hume is right. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia | 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@JackPosobiec "You don't believe in belittling people, anyone." 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says : RIP Heroes @cnn ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ 
@politico Justin Haskins: Democrats' student debt lies – here's what Sanders and Warren are not telling you 
Keep up the pressure! Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Trent England: Elizabeth Warren wants to nullify the Electoral College -- and silence Middle America | 
Absurd 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
@realDonaldTrump Is this the segment that got your panties in a knot? 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify /// How can we have the COMPLETE truth without witnesses ? 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations 
"Meghan Markle's sister says she failed to 'fix' family issues, racism not to blame for public backlash" 
After the Buzz: Graphic charges in Weinstein trial 
@Noeldsmith @johnlegend @michikokakutani I saw the number here, I forget who posted it, sorry. "Political cancer " was his/her quote. Here's 2 articles for the paper though. 
@realDonaldTrump FULL AUDIO: Here is the 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@rusticbullshit @democracynow It's so obvious what was going on... 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Wow interesting read and reason to be careful.. meanwhile the Dems open border policy places Americans at grave danger.. enough said 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
He’s transparent as a windowpane: look inside, there’s nobody home. First he teases social security cuts, then he tweets that the Dems will make them. Ridiculous. #RemoveTrump Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
@joegooding @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump has alienated veterans &amp; active duty service members by making light of their injuries. #CadetBoneSpurs doesn't deserve their respect. GOP "trial" has alienated even more who formerly supported the GOP. Finally waking up to #GOPLies #GOPCorruption 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Your Wiener is going tooo fast.. Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Honest question... Why would someone pro-life ever vote for an abortion supporting pol? I'd vote for open borders, climate alarmist, tax raising Dem who's stridently pro-life over Rep who held opp positions. Life is foundational to any other cause 
Fmr. Sen. McCaskill: "The Trump lawyers have made rhetorical arguments. I think the House managers have presented compelling case of substance." 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Here's the ad that The Lincoln Project released targeting Susan Collins &amp; calling her out for covering up for Trump. It's really good, check it out. #ImpeachmentTrial 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@SenCapito @DaveandSarahAM Senator, here's a question? You gonna support The Presidents plan cutting BILLIONS from Social Security and Medicare? Please explain why Republicans want my mother and grandmother to die in poverty? 
(2/2) … “The real problem here is the increasingly common practice of trial courts ordering relief that transcends the cases before them.” Hmmm. sounds like a polite (judicious) way to infer that some district court judges are going WAY outside the law 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
WATCH: ‘Legal mumbo jumbo:’ Sen. Whitehouse on the Trump defense. #inners 
GAO busts Trump 'no crime' claim with regard to Ukraine scheme 
Where are the state Bar Associations? The Federal Bar? 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
From this stunning piece of journalism: 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' #SmartNews 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' Also talk to God about your soul! 
NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack 
Trump has to go, impeach or arrest, this Senate trial attitude by Republicans best get serious. No matter, no Republicans will receive votes for decades to come 
FOX NEWS: Test drive: The 2020 Chevrolet Silverado diesel is a smooth operator Test drive: The 2020 Chevrolet Silverado diesel is a smooth operator Talk about a dually. FOX NEWS 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office @realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenateGOP @MittRomney @SenMcSallyAZ @SenatorCollins @SenatorBurr @SenCoryGardner @lisamurkowski @SenAlexander @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr @marcorubio 
@PhyllisCs6 @funder Meanwhile ---&gt; Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally. 
Does anyone really care what Colonel Sanders has to say? Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
NYT%253A%2520Bolton%2520was%2520worried%2520Trump%2520was%2520doing%2520favors%2520for%2520autocratic%2520leaders 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos 
Romney: 'I'd like to hear from John Bolton' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House #totalRot 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
@cabano_thomas @NewDay @greggnunziata Close but no cigar. Take your pick: 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested "The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption." 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
#PoliticsLive My advice is avoid American pork if you want to steer clear of toenails, hair, sexual organs and bladders. 
@Brandulf44 Not sure why you wanted Fox, but ok. Answer the question, what do you mean by "poorly educated"? If that is beyond your ability to answer then just tell me. 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Sen. Murphy: Trump's legal team was 'engaging in a Trump 2020 commercial' 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
FOX NEWS beats competition: JAN 2020 vs. JAN 2019 FNC: 1,690,000 total viewers – UP 28% (294,000 in 25-54 – up 21%) CNN: 751,000 total viewers – DOWN 8% (192,000 in 25-54 – down 18%) MSNBC: 996,000 total viewers – DOWN 12% (156,000 in 25-54 – down 21%) 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Chris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this lähteestä 
Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
And in the middle of all this, let’s not forget older stories which prove @GOP @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @JohnCornyn all vote to supply terrorists with guns and explosives. Probably a nod to Saudis post-9/11. 
I wish someone would stuff a stale Dingleberry muffin in this HEATHEN'S mouth! Nose n Glasses Chuck Schumer is like a wort on a mule's rear. He's always there, irritating as hell, and needs to be lanced off by a medical professional!!! 🙄 #DemsAreDorks🤓 
This guy is an idiot. “Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@seanhannity @RepStefanik Still a case! Would be stronger if @potus was not allowed to block witnesses and documents! He’s admitting guilt in doing so. Slime bag! Once again, he’s admitted his guilt on TV b/c he is an imbecile. 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn't want a fair trial 
Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
@senatemajldr will you face truth or is it to late for you? Was the price worth it to give up your integrity? The truth will not be oppressed and you will go down with him. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
House Democrats to wrap up their opening statements today 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just Palestinians LOSS America Is Being Fair God Bless You President Trump ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG2020LandslideVictory 
@LindseyGrahamSC @VP Just like you said when you were a House Manager for the Impeachment of Bill Clinton. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House. Donald Trump is a vile, vulgar, extremely low quality person. #IngrahamAngle 
@GOP @SenateGOP Please - Trump needs to be held accountable. IF you let Trump get away with this, YOU set the precedent for ANY future President of ANY party to do... WHATEVER he or she wants. 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump... 
Asked on @Morning_Joe about his late son, Beau, Joe Biden appears to fight back tears: "Beau should be the one running for president, not me." "He walks with me. I know that sounds to some people kind of silly." 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight USA🇺🇸, USA🇺🇸, USA🇺🇸, USA🇺🇸, USA🇺🇸, USA🇺🇸, USA🇺🇸 
Trump’s tweet this morning included five claims, each of which are the opposite of the truth. 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
The man who goes by @MrCleanSF has been up to no good. Be sure to bring your poop map while visiting San Francisco #VoteRedToSaveAmerica San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Liar...liar...pants on 🔥 
.@chrislhayes sunk trump’s battleship! @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @MittRomney @LindseyGrahamSC @ChuckGrassley @MarkMeadows WAKE UP! No1 gets to destroy our democracy &amp; divide us, NO1! “We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens” 
D.C. attorney general charges Trump inaugural committee enriched the family business 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ it’s sad that this leaked out. Just shows how aides are just as big a problem. You have a leak and it needs fixing!!! 
@AlxThomp Here's all you need to know about Norah O'Donnell's beltway bubble worldview... 
@Gypsy_Box @JDThomas22 @Laurence5905 @thecjpearson Do you have multiple creditable witnesses who say Johnson used the word daily in normal conversation. Can you prove the same about Trump? 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' - DON LEMON WAS DESCRIBING LIBERALS, BUT HE SHOULD HAVE ADDED THAT LIBERALS ARE "MORALLY DEFICIENT INTELLECTUALS." 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Disgusting. 
@sendavidperdue @realDonaldTrump Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich'. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 🙄Midget Nappy hoping he’s right because he hates Trump since he was run over. I’ve heard this “Bombshell Bullshit” for 3 years. Not even a damn firecracker 🖕 
President Trump appears to be seen briefly on cell phone video @NBCNews has obtained from Les Parnas his attorney. The audio recording is over an hour long. 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Day 1,100: House Dems close arguments with explicit call for Trump's removal 
US quietly sent $221M to Palestinians in Obama's last hours 
@donlemon is under investigation for sexual assault. Let it run its course, he’ll either go to prison or be forced to pay a huge hush sum. 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Dan Loser: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
ESPN anchor's touching tribute to Kobe Bryant goes viral 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad: 
John Kelly believes John Bolton’s account 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
@brianstelter @gtconway3d has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner 
Andrew Weissmann, legal analyst, remarks on whether Donald Trump's defense counsel could face any consequences for making factually false assertions in the course of the Senate impeachment trial. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Jeremy Bash: Will Republicans allow a real Trump impeachment trial? 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad I love this ad from Rick Wilson &amp; some never Trumpers. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags #SmartNews 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews .@MaddowBlog: In reversal, Pres. Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" Thanks Joni, your unawareness is a worn out, God giving gift to unseating you. Have a good day at the impeachment trials, and in November. 
It’s genuinely abusive ⁦⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Nothing to be proud of. #NPR #Deplorables 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Not surprised. 🤨 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say 
@realDonaldTrump "80 percent support idea of impeachment trial witnesses in new poll" 
@Megamandad @NikkiMcR Nothing weird about it. 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
@SenatorRomney @SenCortezMasto @DeptofDefense 54 minutes in listen to that Mitt!! Lol POTUS loves your ass!! 
May it be so... 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Tulsi Gabbard sues Hillary Clinton for $50M over 'Russian asset' remark 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron Screw you. Skank hope they fire your ass 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Sen. Sanders and Joe Biden lead the Democratic field in Iowa, according to new polling. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
This shows that Bloomberg is totally out of touch with real people &amp; real connections. Who the heck would ever handle of dog in such a manner? Only an “out of touch” person would. Pathetic. Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize...HIGHER THAN WHO AKMINIJAB🎃🤬💩 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
This is one of the most disturbing aspects of Cheetozombies ... 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
@realDonaldTrump Straight from your propaganda station. 
@JonathanTurley Except chris hayes blew his arguement out of the water dude.... 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
@Fainora @BCunningham215 @marcushjohnson I swear only Bernie haters couple be delusional enough to try and argue the candidate leading nationally among non-white voters somehow lacks diverse support. You people are nuts. 
So ... biblical Christianity is now forbidden from Liverpool, England? Glad to live in America, where #FreeSpeech and #ReligiousLiberty are still valued! 
She is a sheep and sly and complicit. We must get her OUT! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Andrew Yang explains his healthcare plan 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
F*CK. It's all damning. Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
@BSteve515 @crummyworld @MikeRJohnson777 @putinsgay @CanuckCognizant @jasonbaum @BigTinyBird @Infantry0300 @cm_merlin @jasondmic @GoBigSteve1 @HoodlumRIP @WilliamFPeters2 @RobertCooper58 @jim1036 @TaggartRehnn @Defeat_Trump2 @DearAuntCrabby @airbagmoments @talks2you1 @nicole_bertrand @SoyBoyManBun @Doh_Doh_Burrd @Bill_Maxwell_ @geoff9cow @Tam_Resist @Lcars24 @ProudResister @cms36 @BobbyCr48838634 @BeaudoinCharlie @billyjack2016 @PuestoLoco @funder @Arriadna @YegRiverEdm @psychmd1 @mon_coeur_gay @DougDooganuchi @DesignationSix @BrienneOfSnark_ @BrianKarem @cecekat60 @DrGJackBrown @QuareFellas @joe_kidder2 @lLadyBing @realDonaldTrump @GOP Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 
2021 Cadillac Escalade getting hands-free Super Cruise driving aid 
California just really needs to clean up the crap within their city and state government @SpeakerPelosi @GavinNewsom @KamalaHarris @MaxineWaters @SenFeinstein so they can clean up the crap in the cities. IMO 
staring a cover up right in the eye 
Very satisfying. 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide It is political suicide! They will be voted out of office. RINO Romney will be primaries, and voted out! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 👎🏻😢👎🏻 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Prince Andrew has ‘provided zero cooperation’ in Jeffrey Epstein probe, authorities say 
Whether u believ or not in @realDonaldTrump guilt or innocence here in USA its abt US Constitution. &amp; in my neck of the woods, if u give ur word, shake a hand or take an oath ppl stand by it. Frm the offset @senatemajldr gav Am ppl middle fingr 
Michelle Obama is now a Grammy winner. 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops. Driver was Hot Dogging... 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Tom Homan hits back at AOC for bashing ICE at Sanders rally: Her statements are 'dangerous' and 'idiotic' 
@904patriot @RepMikeJohnson @realDonaldTrump @GOP @TheDemocrats He also “has all the documents” and then there is this 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Huge Middle East Peace Plan Deal with the Palestinians. A great moment in History! Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
I thought Vlady Bats was the one giving the orders. Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Hey @donlemon @TheRickWilson this looks like a BLUE STATE and these folks do not have the accents you two numbskulls were mocking. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Go Away ⁦@HillaryClinton⁩ America Has Had Enough Of The Clinton’s, The Bush’s &amp; The Obama’s No More 
Flash top headlines for Jan. 28 | says Ivanka is blasting CNN for ridiculing her Father’s Supporters? Trump’s defense team has a ridiculous Defense Team?😂 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials!!! Democrats demanding Bolton testify!!!!! 
Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
#MidnightMoscowMitch McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Earlier - Deficits don't matter Now - Budgets don't matter Fault is not with politicians of any hue but population that needs more Guvt expenses and less taxes. Way out is fiscal expansion - here, there , everywhere. 
.@GarrettHaake describes how some senators are spending their time behind their desks during impeachment - from fidget spinners to color-coded note-taking. 
Of course he does, but then again he's lied over 16,000 times over 3 years. I'd take Bolton's credibility over Trump's any day. Trump denies explosive Bolton claims 
Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them | January 28, 2020 #news 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
"Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.21.20" 
Wednesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.22.20 
@LindseyGrahamSC The State Department has released a group of documents that show how Rudy Giuliani's smear campaign against U.S. Amb. Marie Yovanovitch reached Secretary of State Pompeo, the Oval Office.  
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Oklahoma district attorney auctioning counterfeiter's classic Ford Mustangs 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
The Palestinians will NOT compromise....ever. Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza the App 
@SenateGOP President Trump ordering the firing of U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch. NBC News national political reporter Josh Lederman reveals what else is heard on the audio recording. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been Bolton got fired for being a war monger and he went out screaming 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Sandy Hook denier arrested in Florida, accused of tormenting victim’s families, sharing ID info of parent 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon 
MUST SEE TV from @JoeNBC this morning, whose epic takedown of Trump’s discredited conspiracy theories will be required viewing in history classes for years to come 
American Dystopia, Part 5: 'Tucker Carlson Tonight' examines San Francisco's radical new district attorney | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views : What occurred in UK by LGBTQ is rather stupid. Then if the shoe is on the other foot, they yell discrimination. Hmm. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses @senatemajldr 
"Let me repeat: nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, would rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense,” Dershowitz said on the Senate floor. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
McConnell, Sir we get 2 witnesses to their 1 and get to pick their witnesses. McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
This should make all true DEMS want to puke. The DNC is installing donor despots, John Podesta and Barney Frank, to convention committees! Here they go AGAIN! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Not totally sure this will be successful but at least they are trying to broker a deal. Now for the Palestinians to show if they are seriously wanting peace or not. 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
3-year-old girl's Target, Starbucks-themed playroom goes viral: 'This is so cute!' 
Oh, good! At least you'll be beaten to death by a woman.... How considerate of them. 🙄 #ReligionOfPeace Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
I've seen a few people look down at their shoes when strong cases are made for national security. To me, they look embarrassed because they know very well what was going on here, and so many of them have spoken out against Russia in the past, and... 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Interesting. Another "mysterious " death. Whistleblower. Google mogul wife dies in car accident. 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
@ TaxCut Triggers StockBuyback Explosion As Deficit Grows, GOP Eyes SocialSecuity/Medicare Cuts McConnell Blames Entitlements, Not TaxCut, for Deficit FAILURE of Trump's TaxCut Promises 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
When people tell you who they are, you should believe them. 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
Jon Stewart joins cause of #burnpit #veterans lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
California cops respond to 2 homeless men shot with arrows: report 
Truly disappointing that our educational system has turned out millions of people unable to see through this complete farce of an administration. "Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Do you believe in coincidences? Where is the rally held tonight? Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
China spurned CDC help to contain coronavirus? This is no longer about China, it is about global health. #WHO needs to step up to its mandate. In case of global health emergency where does a country’s sovereignty stops? 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
She’s been warned! Dems losing control as censoring their own gets trickier. 
@realDonaldTrump In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table Now everyone will know you have broken your promises one more time! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump impeachment trial opening arguments in two minutes 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters @SteveKornacki WHERE does this poll come from that alludes all us women are represented???? I am 52 years old and have never been polled or asked my option?? 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan Ahmed said. “It creates very innovative financial tools. It will elevate women. It will elevate youth. It will double or triple the GDP 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Connecticut investigates HUD-funded landlord who rented infested homes to poor families; state AG says the investigation is prompted by the US federal government's failure to swiftly protect tenants. - @suzykhimm / @strickdc 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
TRUMP SUCKS AND AMERICA WILL LET THE WHITE MAN OF PRIVILEGE GET AWAY WITH IT. But the rest of us go to jail for a lot less. 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
In case you missed it. @RadioFreeTom @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @JoyAnnReid 6 minutes. Well worth the watch. 
Grow some backbone Senators! At some point in time American's can expect to have a bad president. Obviously that time has come. At least seek out the information you should... 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | Typical CCP response. When Mao starved 60 millions Chinese to death in 1960, he even refused USSR 3 million tons and US 5 million tons of food aid. 
Trump says he avoided 'World War Six' by not listening to Bolton 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
#Technology : "NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack.” #Tech #revolutionary #innovation #business #influence #future 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
"McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt" @LindseyGrahamSC has always been a total swamp scum TRAITOR... He wants Bolton to testify, but no witnesses for us, no Hunter, no Biden, etc. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Questions swirl around AG #Barr as #TrumpImpeachmentTrial begins. And this stooge Barr needs to recuse himself because of his contrived unabashed support for everything Trump. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight | 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth #AAG #AAG2020 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@RoyBlunt @POTUS 7 out 10 people want to hear the whole story! 
“The March for Life is, unlike many protests and marches these days, one defined by love and selflessness....” - @conservmillen read more: 
2 Ohio officers fired for their strip-club arrest of Stormy Daniels. 
@NJSenDems Really? I don’t think so.... #vaccinesdontwork 
Mike Huckabee on John Bolton claim: No one does leaks like The New York Times #SmartNews 
Friday's Mini-Report, 1.24.20: Today's edition of quick hits. 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Lordy..there's a tape..😳 "Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Coming to Michigan's 13th district Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Chris Matthews Trump's Legal team is an Odd Squad. @TheBeatWithAri #ImpeachmentTrial 
Don't we deserve better than these people representing us?? Because as with our AG, they are NOT representing us, they are covering for the most corrupt president our nation will ever see.. #TrumpIsGuilty 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
From Discover on Google 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Bernie Sanders leads among non-white voters in a recent poll by 9 points. 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
How much do we give Israel again? We give Netanyahu more money then any other country. : Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. @GoogleNews 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
@OrchidsUnite He’s got until 3/1/2020 to produce financials.... it’s all connected 
The ONLY solution that doesn't blur the line btw "Impeachment" &amp; "Trial" &amp; doesn't unnecessarily prolong this SHAM is to dismiss it &amp; send it back to the House. Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished #SmartNews 
'C'mon... Everyone understands the president wasn't acting in good faith': Hayes 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Hawaiian Senator @MazieHirono blasts Trump over report he spilled details of Soleimani strike with donors at Mar-A-Lago 
#c65594dfc11f588594d2ee0598cd4a06 As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Could the U.S. phase out fossil fuels by 2050? The real question is Do They Want? 
Lev Parnas's interview on maddow tonight is damning. He's an associate of Trump's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, and implicated Trump in a criminal extortion scheme. How can any Senator argue that we don't need a real trial with witnesses and documents? 
Rashida Tlaib is Anti-American and works everyday to destroy America. Those who voted her in need to get rid of her. Start a Recall process &amp; get her out of office! 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? Im pretty sure this poll is rigged, let's see if we can change that! # #FakeNews #GunControl 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Klobuchar: Bloomberg should be on debate stage so 'voters can evaluate him' 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
WATCH: @SteveKornacki breaks down the latest 2020 polling and notes that Sen. Sanders leads nationally among non-white voters. 
America is not onboard with this impeachment. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@CourtneyM121987 @CharlesTwisted @Alyssa_Milano Mitch and his wife are making boat loads of money, excuse the pun, with trump as POTUS. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Get. This. Muslim. Trash. Out. Of. Congress. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"Graham stuck out his hand and shook his hand and said, 'You did a good job, you're well spoken.'" @GeoffRBennett describes a moment between Sen. Graham and Rep. Schiff after Schiff's closing speech on the first day of arguments in the impeachment trial. 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering... PART 1 
@JaySekulow @ACLJ Polls show that Americans want to hear from witnesses. Why won't the GOP call them? Why doesn't the GOP present evidence? Do they have any witnesses to call and evidence to present? Looks like they don't have a case. 
Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
@EliseStefanik another lie. 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
.@MaddowBlog: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump reportedly picked his defense team based on how they will perform on TV @NBCNewsTHINK 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
So it's ok to attack the president with false accusations? Hummm. Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
@2017Guitarman McConnell said, "He doesn't have the votes to block witnesses." 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
How is your voice so deep when you have no testicles, ⁦⁦@Sen_JoeManchin⁩? Sen. Manchin: I think Hunter Biden is a relevant witness 
THE question shall be pretty interesting. i dont think they will be clamoriing for witnesses after this. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that #CNN 
It's reported that Donald Jr. was in the room at this meeting. Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
☟ Kobe Bryant dead: Teens post disturbing TikTok video that appears to mimic late NBA legend #BreakingNews #foxnews ➽➽➽ 
Schumer on Trump defense team: 'Their whole argument is diversion' 
Trump again denies knowing Lev Parnas despite video and multiple photos FY| @_chris_dorsey 
Steele: GOP Senators should be embarrassed to take oath when they've told us they plan to lie 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Check out. Internet watchdog calls on Congress to revoke big tech protections to counter political bias #tech #digital #data #business 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation Such a shallow world trump presided over. His advisors are his donors ....period. #RemoveTrumpNow @potus 
Pam Bondi: Hunter Biden's decision to join Burisma raised red flags almost immediately | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
How Bernie Sanders Got Rich Off His "Public Service" 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
"and no guarantees that the trial will even allow the evidence collected through the House impeachment investigation to be admitted in the Senate proceedings." 
Joe: #ConfederacyOfDunces Fav backgrounder was @Eugene_Robinson saying, “Preach”. #Epic #WokeAF #GOPCoverup WOW. Did you miss this, @realDonaldTrump ? 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
@frankthorp Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
#Klobuchar sez some of more sensitive #GOP member look embarrassed when violations of national security were brought up. Does that mean other #GOPers don't really care about anything but getting their share of #DarkMoney that still flows? #IApolitics. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods 
McCarthy appeared on Fox News and acknowledged a fact that everyone knew, the GOP’s taxpayer-financed Benghazi committee was all about the Republicans’ “strategy to fight and win” against Hillary Clinton 
This 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Bolton manuscript leak to NY Times creates uproar 
"Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify" #tcot #KAG 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Velshi on the fight for truth and a fair impeachment trial 
#TheAWAKENINGContinues A shameful reality but not a total shock. That's the reward for loving and dying for a country that doesn't love us back. 
Sad, days. From Discover on Google 
This man brings up a good point. Watch!From Discover on Google 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
CNN Don Lemon panel intense backlash mocking Trump supporters illiterate 'credulous rubes' THIS IGNORANT FREAK OF LOWEST OF RATED WEEKS! WANTS 2 MAKE FUN OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS? THE SEXUAL ASSAULTER FIRE! CSHITN CANCEL! THROW IN TRUMP TOILET FLUSH!🤬👹 
Truth. #resist 
Kobe Bryant’s 13-year-old daughter Gianna was among the victims of a helicopter crash that also killed her father and three other people on Sunday, according to Calabasas councilman David Shapiro. 
Trump blames Fed for slowing US economy 
@realDonaldTrump Really? Because the majority of the country thinks you should be removed from office. And even 30+% of Republicans believe you’ve committed illegal actions as president... 🤷🏼‍♂️ 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
@marklevinshow makes some really good points Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
@RudyGiuliani I’ll wait for the book version to come out. 
@SenateGOP @LindseyGrahamSC Then there's Rudy, the "Shiney Distraction" &amp; a "Minor Player" "Rudy is a real smoking gun, because you have Giuliani saying that he’s acting in the president’s personal capacity. That shows that the president &amp; Rudy knew this would be improper." 
Climate strike brings millions around the world into the streets 
Did you idiots not listen to dirty wits? Whatever Bolton wrote in his book is not an impeachable offenseMcConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being ‘duplicitious’ on evidence 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 🛳⛴🚢⚓️ 
Hosting a party for the Super Bowl? Here's 6 tips for cleaning up when it's over 
"There’s really only one class of individuals who speak like that: Mobsters." - Legal analyst Chuck Rosenberg on recording in which a voice apparently belonging to Pres. Trump orders aides to "get rid" of Amb. Yovanovitch. 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
"Remember when Republicans were prepared to impeach Hillary Clinton?" 
What do these cities all have in common? America's top 5 deadliest cities @realdonaldtrump @eric trump @donaldtrumpjr 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
if Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell get re-elected you can bet your bottom dollar they are coming after your Social Security and Medicare in order to pay for the one trillion dollars and massive tax breaks Trump added to the national deficit. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight @govMurphy 
Finally cutting some bloated entitlements 
Bolton revelations could change calculus on impeachment witnesses 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: ‘To me they look embarrassed’ 
Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ I stand with you President Trump !!! Bolton IS a meglamaniac war monger 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew vía 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments Sekulow dismissed those referring to the Bolton manuscript as new evidence. It’s not a coincidence that Bolton’s book statement was leaked..It’s all another setup 
@JoeBiden Understand, Joe just got cocky because a bunch of Hillary Clinton allies was just put in Key election committee positions The fix is in and Bernie will be removed soon. 
Vegetarian food company develops nicotine-like 'meat patch' to help curb cravings. I actually think this is kinda weird🤔 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Mongolia closes border with China. Also closes its schools, playgrounds and universities until March 2. #conoravirus 
Well 💩... San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' #KobeRIP 
Send the squad...Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves / Acquit the President &amp; quit wasting taxpayer dollars! His actions may have been inappropriate, but they were NOT impeachable offenses! 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
As offensive as it was to see far-right figures like Marsha Blackburn try to smear a decorated American war hero, it also matters *why* they're engaged in such a toxic scheme. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion “The more Trump's impeachment trial continues, the easier it is to wonder whether his lawyer, Jay Sekulow, is in over his head.” @ 
From Discover on Google 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rep. Schiff: Why is Bolton willing to come forward now? | January 28, 2020 #news 
Michael Levin: 'OK, Boomer.' Really?! -- Here's what needs to be said to the younger generations 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Senators continue 2 look for ways 2 keep covering up for Trump!Witnesses must be ALLOWED for this trial 2 be fair &amp; allow Americans 2 hear from those involved in the charges before the court!Either way senators are going 2 lose if NOT at trial/reelection! 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Hmmm, what do these 5 cities have in common. 
Justice Department suing five companies over robocalls #AAG #AAG2020 
Listening to @NPRinskeep start coverage - he affirms it will be start to finish, BUT there may be pauses or interjections to clarify OR fact-check. also offers audio at As noted elsewhere in my TL this is going to get real ugly, real fast. 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Trump picks Epstein lawyers for impeachment 
BARR HAS MUZZLED SDNY ON NEW LEV PARNAS ADMISSIONS New York Prosecutors are fantastically, not interested in Lev’s mea-culpa involving Ukraine plot. @kim @JCBua @USJusticeSystem @funder @WHNSC #Barr #corruption 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt 
Just in: McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Hayes: 'The fundamental crime here is not against the Ukrainians... the injury is to the US' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally. Jersey Loves Trump❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Trump scorches Bolton, says 'fired' hawk would have started 'World War Six' #AAG #AAG2020 
"Pentagon says more troops injured after Jan. 8 rocket attack in Iraq" FOX NEWS 
@RepPaulMitchell While you're at it, 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
He was convicted of second degree robbery in 1996 and sentenced to five years in prison. Shortly after he took over the city’s iconic sports bar. 
Angus is an Independent Senator from Maine -- Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@SMcCammon2 @MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump For some reason the direct link isn’t working when copied and pasted. You can find the full audio at 
I am home sick from Infowars so please enjoy tonight #FishingForRobots @FearRTs #DigitalHealth #AmWriting #Eventi #Hockey #DesignThinking #TrenRoca #Freebies #HillaryEmail #100DaysOfCode #FreeCalifornia @FlyRts #RewardsPoints #DesignSprint 
@WhiteHouse "The letter... from Rudy Giuliani is a real smoking gun, because you have Rudy Giuliani saying that he’s acting in the president’s personal capacity. That shows that the president and Rudy Giuliani knew this would be improper." 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Breaking... McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 😳😳 
@JoshuaPotash Joshua, GOP is also the party of the Koch Network. PLEASE read Democracy in Chains on the hard right's Stealth plan for America. Concise, timely 10 min. interview on AMJoy, with Nancy MacLean: 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
New ad from conservative group criticizes Sen. McSally | January 29, 2020 #news 
AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' #AAG #AAG2020 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Senate passes resolution laying out a blueprint for President Trump's impeachment trial after nearly 13 hours of debate between House prosecutors and lawyers for the White House. 
@SenateGOP @senatemajldr You're in a little trouble here and what you are doing in the impeachment process is going to make it worse. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source If everybody want to hear what Bolton had to say, first they should have subpoenaed him and second they can buy his book. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that I'll say it again and again @realdonlemon is a FUCKING WASTED OF BLACK FLESH !!! a rotten racist POS !!! 
@AndyOstroy Maybe not. 🤞🏻 
Rep. Crow: Trump's legal team 'peddled Russian propaganda', ... 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' there's no violation of law, no violation of the Constitution, it's about policy disagreement. 
Parnas: Trump helped push for visa for former Ukraine official 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 🙏🙏🙏 
#China 🇨🇳 spurned #CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus 🦠 : #US 🇺🇸Health Secretary #TuesdayThoughts😷 #TuesdayMotivation🤒 
ADAM GOODMAN: 6 GOP senators hold all the cards in impeachment trial 
Democrats star witness cant be at the trial - “due to something of a technical snag.”-apparently ankle monitors for CRIMINALS aren’t allowed 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
@eWarren on Trump administration: "Corruption. No other word for it." 
"In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily" 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt It’s time to let Trump off his chain so he can take the fight to these DB GOP Senators!! This is bullshit! They need voted the hell out! 
D. Dumdlemon needs to start and pay some heavy prices for his disgusting mouth. CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
@Cubistcastle132 @Gwyn88904784 Some people are talking about it, but they aren't Republicans unless their name is Trump. 
Trump thinking about cutting Social Security and Medicare. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Lots of deplorables lol 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
💥Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with Two-State Solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Crime surged in South Bend, Indiana under Mayor Pete Buttigieg 
'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters Great Ivanka Trump wipe that stupid Smirk off their faces!CNN has no Shame.. there’s no professionalism among the MSM anymore, only BIAS, Fake News, Lies, Hate and Propaganda.. 
@dcexaminer @donlemon @realDonaldTrump @TheRickWilson @WajahatAli Laughing at something while not fully getting it? Sounds familiar. “Gounelas also said he laughed during the alleged incident and immediately mocked Hice as “gross” because of Lemon’s alleged actions – but Hice didn’t think it was a laughing matter.” 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@GOPLeader I wonder how much #Putin is paying YOU? 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Lev Parnas attorney calls for William Barr recusal 
⁦@BernieSanders⁩ fraudulent ways starting to come out. This is Socialism corruption. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
THIS IS NOT OKAY!! We need to DEMAND that our Senators vote for ACQUITTAL with ZERO witnesses IMMEDIATELY!! TAKE ACTION HERE: 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
GOP voters acknowledge AND dismiss Trump's hateful, unethical, and law-breaking practices... OMG!! Ignorant, ignorant humans!! #TrumpFor InanimateObject2020 #EndTrumpsReignIn2020 
Report: Sen. Toomey proposing 'one-for-one' witness swap at impeachment trial 
@benjaminwittes @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @RadioFreeTom @CortesSteve @ Here it is: 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
#7d2d5a4ba8ce5ecfbb14848ab23b1c7a #foxnewstech 5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
🧐China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
I just donated money to ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩, and I hope other follow my lead. Please NOBODY donate to ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ until the impeachment fiasco is over, and NEVER donate to any Repub Senator who wants witnesses. Please no more weak Republicans 
Audio Appears To Capture Trump Ordering Marie Yovanovitch Out, Backing Earlier Report “Get her out tomorrow ... Take her out ... Do it,” a voice believed to be Trump’s can be heard saying about the Ukraine ambassador. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
👁👁 Bolton in A Bomb Shell 🥜 (pun intended)) 
Here is the audio: Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack 
ESTRANGED ROYAL FAMILY: Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script I have t seen one leak yet, that wasn’t a lie. But, that’s how the dumorats roll. How about NJ red! Wow. 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #Topbuzz 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
ICYMI: @RepValDemings on @Morning_Joe says trials have witnesses, documents! #SenateImpeachmentTrial #FL10 #DST107 
Ken Starr then and now: His impeachment arguments for Trump and against Clinton 
Today on : Jan. 29, 2020 
Mysterious shipwreck discovered in river may be 700 years old #SmartNews 
'Learning to #Skateboard in a Warzone (If You're a Girl)' scores #Oscar nomination #girls #FlyFree #Afghanistan 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump #MustSeeTV #IMPOTUS 
: Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize. @GoogleNews 
Regarding new developments that Sen. Mitch McConnell may not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial, Chuck Schumer says "I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play." 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up mils more viewers than original airing No it’s not right but I can see why they did it come on ppl. You are getting conned by a 2 bit bully self entitled brat cares about himself &amp; perception @MAGA @GOP 
Fuck me hard, where is Chicago?? Damnit though, I'm acting like an idiot liberal and going off the headline and emotions. Guess I need to read the article? 
Seriously, this is where our tax dollars are going. Put the toys down and Pay attention! #ImpeachmentHearings @maddow How senators entertain themselves during Trump's impeachment trial 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Disgusting #USA #sharialaw 
Bunch of bamboo beating morons. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme | ⁦@⁩ #ImpeachmentTrial #IMPOTUS45 
@NathanHRubin @SenateGOP Many Repub Senators did not even watch the hearings in the House -- so they didn't hear the fact witnesses (some of whom endangered their lives by showing so much courage to come forward). #RepubCowards! How can they sit in judgment!? 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
.@MaddowBlog: Making the case against witnesses, GOP’s Blunt says a bit too much 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
Oh... what a shame it won't be a sham. 😂 McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Compare these: Ms.Clinton,is a slimy politician,watch both. @BernieSanders stumped for her 41 times. She supported @BarackObama 13when bested. Fight for justice! #PresidentSanders #Bernie #BernieBeatsTrump #ILikeBernie #ITrustBernie 
Babies can't have honey for this health reason - 
Romney is such a GREAT STATESMAN, a TRUE PATRIOT! Profiles in Courage should be edited to add a chapter on him! Don't count on Romney to vote for Bolton to testify. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Even their apologies are lame and they are flat out liars. He didn’t hear all that was said. Yea ok. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
There are 4 Republicans/conservatives in this clip. 3 have chosen country over party. To them I say thank you. Keep up the good fight. @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL 
.@AliVelshi: The lenses through which lawmakers will be seen after this impeachment trial will not be those of the their party and how it performed in the 2020 election. They will be the lenses of history, justice, and the truth. 
"Reversing course, many in complicit GOP say Trump's (obvious) guilt is now irrelevant" 
Sen. Amy Klobuchar to Senate Republicans: "You're supposed to protect our Constitution." #11thHour 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@EricTrump World leaders at NATO gathering mocking Trump. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
From Discover on Google 
@PatUnleashed @KeithMalinak Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
America's top 5 deadliest cities. 5. Baton Rouge 4. New Orleans 3. Detroit 2. Baltimore 1. St. Louis 
Today's homepage features 53 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
THIS DEGENERATE has the Audacity to Mock US While HE OOZES PERVERTED EVIL‼️🔨🔨🌪Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage | 
@SenRickScott @WhiteHouse @RepAdamSchiff Knee-cap this - looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@realDonaldTrump the president may want people to believe he’s “totally left it alone,” but to the degree that reality matters, his White House budget plans have proposed tens of billions of dollars in cuts to Social Security. 
Video: Schiff urges Senate to seek new evidence at close of first day of impeachment arguments. 
#Trump unveils #MiddleEast peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting #WestBank &amp; #Gaza No other @POTUS has even come Close!!!! Crickets from #Democrats! 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Bernie's gonna get screwed again. 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
Remember In November Another example of how @cnn @msnbc and the partisan liberal media think of President @realdonaldtrump and his supporters. Does it remind you of the other 2016 candidate..? @thefive @oann @marthamaccallum @billhemmer @edhenry 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" #BoltonKnows #KellyKnows #CallTheWitnesses #TrumpCrimes #TrumpLiesMatter #ConvictAndRemove #VoteBlueNoMatterWho #ImpeachmentTrial 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
Clearly he has forgotten the first amendment of the Constitution. Seriously, he's got to go too. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho 
Jeremy Bash: Will Republicans allow a real Trump impeachment trial? 
Surprise! Surprise! Not. San Francisco Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru "San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested" 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
#maddow 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻RT @maddow: Honored beyond measure that our podcast "Bag Man" is receiving a DuPont Award at Columbia Journalism School @columbiajourn tonight. #duPont2020 
Illinois trooper fatally shot in cigar bar by woman who scrawled threat on condo wall #Sad! 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, ‘Who the hell cares about the budget?’ #SmartNews 
@SteveScalise @realDonaldTrump The GOP doesn’t have constituents they cater too. They cater to #Putin and his puppet. 
Nearly seven in 10 (69%) say that upcoming trial should feature testimony from new witnesses who did not testify in the House impeachment inquiry. Even a plurality of... 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
They aren’t “entitlements” - they’re EARNED worker benefits. #dontcutsocialsecurity #liarinchief 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@realDonaldTrump ha! Ha! We see you and nobody likes you! 🤣🤣🤣 #busted #impeachment #LockHimUp @SpeakerPelosi @RepAOC @GOP @TheDemocrats @HillaryClinton 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
Well looks like we're getting screwed again by the Republicans. Just when we think we're getting somewhere up pops the RHINOs. McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal | Piss poor lawyer! 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Rachel @Maddow: "Many Republicans have settled on a provocative assertion that can't be discredited or debunked: The party no longer thinks it matters whether Donald Trump is guilty or not." 
⁦@MrCleanSF⁩ YOU ARE A CHEATING CORRUPT DECEIVING DIRTY SCUMBAG; JUST LIKE THE FECE LADEN STREETS THAT YOU SUPPOSE TO CLEAN UP. THE HYPOCRITICAL @DNC NEVER FAIL TO STOP. 
So this apparently breaks the law - the Hatch Act - so who's going to stand up for the rule of law and make sure that this entire plan is blocked? "Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
found out why your are mad at Fox! @realDonaldTrump John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid “If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton,” Kelly said, according to the Sarasota Herald-Tribune. 
"Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes" 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
WATCH: @RepJerryNadler tells @AriMelber he now backs calling John Kelly as a witness in Trump's impeachment trial 
Man donates kidney to mom who would die without transplant: ‘It was a no-brainer for me’ - - #kidneydonor 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested on corruption charges! 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
#2e8584044848527386f5cc420ba49d88 #foxnewsnewseventssuperbowl 49ers assistant Katie Sowers believes head coaching job is in the cards 
Trump sounds like a mob boss! 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede AMEN VIRGINIA, GO BACK TO THE GLORY U WERE WHEN U WERE REPUBLICAN AND AMERICAN 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@SenateGOP Act 3- Dirty Rudy "The letter" "...from Giuliani is a real smoking gun, because you have Rudy saying that he’s acting in the president’s personal capacity. That shows that the president and Rudy Giuliani knew this would be improper." 
Anyone else remember seeing this after the Khadr payment, me neither, cannot imagine why. 
After testimony, Sen. Harris says AG Barr lacks all... 
Lawrence on 'high crimes and misdemeanors' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza CONGRATULATIONS PRESIDENT TRUMP..PRIME MINISTER BIBI..HISTORY MADE..BIG DAY FOR ISRAEL AND PALESTINIAN PEOPLE 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
METH: instead of billion dollars on the hoax DC get your asses back to work on DRUG PROBLEMS . Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
After yesterday’s big win by Pam Bondi, Alan Dershowitz and President Trump’s lawyers Now a massive crowds awaits for Trump rally Wildwood, NJ where congressman flipped to red Real Elites #NepotismBarbie #ConfederacyOfDunces 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth @rhotwire 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal Trump's lawyers are misleading the rigged jury. No limits to their shame. 
Charles Hurt: Most Americans have 'tuned out' impeachment trial, showing why Trump was elected in the first place 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @LindseyGrahamSC @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan let’s go search for Hillary’s emails instead for more distractions. #impeach🍊🤡 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
Pres. Trump has hit an all time low, with respect to his character development.🧐 (Cullinan💎’s in Trillions) #GABRIEL🌎#THOMPSONvAmeriflex👨🏽‍⚖️#BNPParibas💳 #Quinnipiac #Chase #Gallup #Pew #CreditSuisse⚖️ #ZALES💎#LondonSqMile🔥 #LucisTrustDIVESTITURE💵💷💶💴 
Christy Williamson IRAS was sent out in 1983 to take pictures and track Planet X and the Brown Dwarf Planetary System. These are in our solar system now which is why IRAS is back. 
Fake boobs and blonde hair alrighty then...Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Thank you #jonkotler for your perseverance with the California DMV! People like Jon that continues to fight against PC &amp; society’s feelings these days is much appreciated. Another battle won. Keep fighting America. Make America Great Again!! #MAGA2020 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' , President Lincoln picked Andrew Johnson, to be his VP on the UNION ticket! Did the RADICAL REPUBLICANS give him a fair trial?? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@SenateGOP @NC_Governor @NCGOP .@NCGOP—a criminal-hillbilly mafia—couldn't stomach "that libtard Democrat governor" so they stripped all his powers like petulant assholes this is who they are 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low . CBS isn't worth watching at anytime for me. The station is full of bigots and lyres, too dishonest to believe. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Charles Payne: Bernie Sanders 'is a juggernaut right now' and Trump should not underestimate him #CNN #MSNBC 
Proposed House bill urges NASA to delay putting US boots back on the moon until 2028 @21stScience #News 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
He's a screw up... NOT MY PRESIDENT EVER!!! He doesn't give a rat's ass about anyone but himself and his Republican Senators are the same!!! 
@MAMike4 It’s a tweet from @IngrahamAngle, with an article written by so yea..... it’s a Conspiracy 😂 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
🇺🇸🗽⚖👩🏽‍⚕️#CryMurder tRump, Not Firing! Ordering her MURDE‼He wanted to Thief the Ukraine💰💰to build his Apartheid Wall &amp; Amb.Marie stood in his way! Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low | 
In response to John Bolton's book, former Chief of Staff John Kelly could've said, "I know the president and there's no way he'd ever do this." But Kelly actually said something very different. "Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
has topped #MSNBCfakenews and #CNNfakenews for 18 straight years after dominant January #SmartNews 
This IS CNN: Bigoted. Racist. Lying. Divisive. Hateful. #EnemyOfThePeople #CNNisFakeNews #CNNisGarbage 
.@SenRonJohnson: "There are serious questions about particular—some actors with the DNC working with people in Ukraine." 
When I #GoogleBernie I find that he leads the nation for non-white voters in recent polls!🔥 
TO HELL WITH Sharia law!!!! 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@realDonaldTrump Too bad the witnesses they called in the House were denied to testify. That leads AMERICA to believe, YOU"RE HIDING SOMETHING! Over half of us want you impeached and REMOVED! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script @MittRomney @SenatorCollins U r both a couple of rino POS! Have a backbone and support your President! #Trump2020 #MAGA We won't forget! 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
Trump is going to win #NewJersey #KAG2020LandslideVictory 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sekulow’s argument to reporters yesterday would’ve generated derisive laughter at a high-school debate tournament. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize This NUTCASE NEEDS TO BE KICKED OUT OF CONGRESS FOR HER HATE FOR ISRAEL! 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Fearing Bolton's testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes | 
Hey @RandPaul ... @IvankaTrump received 5 trademarks from China last month alone. 16 in October and a total of 34 last year. All this while the company is supposedly closed. That’s what @SenSchumer is talking about. 
Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska reveals what Mueller wanted from him 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
What an article by an interesting author choice. @kirkmin @kirkminshow 
Rut ro. 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Rand Paul get UR pantaloons out of a bunch. #GrifterInChief &amp; family have business interests in #Turkey. #RandPaul descending in2 madness like #LindseyGraham. Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci on efforts to contain, combat the coronavirus 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary. 
GOP senator suggests impeachment witness part of conspiracy as third day of Trump trial wraps up 
Vindictive doesn't even cover how mad the American people are at liddle pado pencil neck schiffty schiff. I would lose this profile if I described what should happen to him. 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
@bennyjohnson @jaketapper That a guy that allegedly rubbed his genitals and then touched another man's face shouldn't be talking about other people? 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial Made up crimes with no relationship to the Constitution #MAGA2020 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails # #cnn #ImpeachmentHearings ⁦@JRubinBlogger⁩ ⁦@davidfrum⁩ ⁦@DavidCornDC⁩ ⁦@DavidJollyFL⁩ ⁦@TheRickWilson⁩ ⁦@frankrichny⁩ ⁦@glennkirschner2⁩ 
When Trump says something’s ‘ahead of schedule,’ look out 
Eight dead, hundreds injured after 6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes Turkey 
Great interview. I want to see the #yanggang caucus now! 😂 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Who needs a crazy sister? There’s no doubt Meghan doesn’t want a relationship w/this crazy woman. Who wants a relationship w/someone who insults everything she does. She’s right it takes two to tango. Sam &amp; Thomas are money grubbing grifters. Wow! 
Lawrence Why McConnell revealed he doesn’t have the votes 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse: Dershowitz gave 'embarrassing' defense of Trump in impeachment trial Whitehouse demonstrated why their is such a divide. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
#RashidaTlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after #bloodlibel retweet, doesn't apologize I would like to believe that as our leadership evolves with people of other cultures, we become a better people...jury still out. ⁦@RushLimbaughEIB⁩ 
@LondonBreed @sfpublicworks Placed on leave....with pay! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
Meet the Latina hoping to do in Texas what Beto O'Rourke failed to do 
#China has refused offers from the U.S. to send #CDC officials to help with the #coronavirus outbreak response. The offer was first made on Jan. 6. U.S. officials have continued to urge more transparency from the country as the disease spreads 
Does #Trump have a history of lying? He's made 15,413 false or misleading claims over 1,055 days. Is #LiarInChief lying now🤔 Intentional #lying in Senate trial puts #TrumpLawyers licenses at risk #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
"Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics" 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a "homework assignment" 
@SmoosieQ I guess I would caption this article propagating pizza. Pizza is working hard to increase our population!! 
: California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot. @GoogleNews 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
disgusting 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House @realDonaldTrump is a pig 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
So Kelly believes POTUS and Ukraine Prez are both lying but not Bolton who is selling a book. Okay?!? 
She is, look at the timing of this news, the first day of impeachment trial. Well played, tulsi, well played 
“..It was obviously very sad and (Hitler) had bad motives, but the way he was able to lead was second-to-none. How he rallied a group and a following, I want to know how he did that. Bad intentions of course, but you can’t deny he wasn’t a great leader.” 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@SfaLumberjack21 I guess they will start defaming General Kelly now? 🙈 
from the GOP, here's another needle in your eye. these clowns think it's funny to make a mockery of our republic. donnie enjoys triggering our indignations. ratings at all cost. "Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
“The motor unit that pulled up next to the vehicle looked inside the vehicle and at that point pretty much realized that the passenger in the front row was actually a skeleton,” Trooper Martin Sotelo told Fox 10 Phoenix. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders Notice how they are going after Barr as well as the President. We can anticipate calls for Barr to recluse himself from investigations or step down. They are so predictable 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
JUST IN: Michelle Carter, woman who encouraged boyfriend to kill himself, released from jail early due to good behavior. 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
#ChrisMatthews: We're in the sentencing phase of #Impeachment #TrumpRemovalHearing #TrumpImpeachment #ImpeachmentTrial #SenateTrial #GOPCoverup #Politics 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
As Donald Trump's Senate impeachment trial gets underway, he'd love to have the American public behind him. But that's clearly not the case. 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' Undervalued underestimated and marginalized a quote from the black Eagle Joe Madison! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote ⁦@greggutfeld⁩ ⁦@JesseBWatters⁩ 
BREAKING: #NYTimes reports #JohnBolton has written in his unpublished book that #Trump personally tied aid to #Ukraine to #investigatingDemocrats, including Bidens. Michael Schmidt speaks w/Kasie Hunt about his reporting tonight. 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor // 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #SmartNews 
What did Pence know and when did he know it? 
#QAnon Huge! 
China's women's Olympic soccer team quarantined in Australia 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been #SmartNews 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Glad no Virginia city is on the list! 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
2020 Watch: @TulsiGabbard talks about not being invited to next week's CNN town halls and her commitment to NH, but she demurs on questions regarding the Senate #ImpeachmentTrial - TODAY on politics #TulsiGabbard #nhpolitics #FITN #2020Election 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Late US Sen. Moynihan + the meaning of "High crimes and Misdemeanors" 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
...and here's the inevitable GOP endgame: Sure, he did it, but so what? It's not impeachable. Nothing is. That's their response: "So what?" It's short for "So what are you going to do about it...?" 
Martin Luther King III: 'Never address hostility with hostility' 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument wake up gurl it doesnt have to be a legal arguement when there is no crime. 
LISTEN: Klobuchar called for ‘reducing abortions’ in 2006 interview 
I wouldn’t expect anything but this from lemon head..💩 He’s been toxic for over 3 yrs. do you listen to him? This is new news? Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Pelosi's STATE and so it is SCHIFF"S TOO!! Too bad they would have known if they weren't so fixated on TRUMP!! 
Sen. Graham: Trump defense team destroyed House's case 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Ken Starr at impeachment trial: Unlike with Nixon and Clinton, crimes are not alleged against Trump 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Hollywood liberals probably love this ..... 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Trump’s history-he will allegedly do anything &amp; use anybody to win his elections?1. Bribery payoffs to silence his mistresses.2.Used Russia allegedly in 2016. 3.Extort $(Ukraine)help to win 2020 election &amp; stated China’s too. 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails #Topbuzz 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Richard Engel explains why it’s misleading for Trump to equate Gen. Qassem Soleimani with Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 
It's hilarious that the man who claims to surround himself with only the "best people" hired the most incompetent defense team money can buy. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Accepting bribes... Disgusting Democrats. 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary ...What are they afraid we might find out??? 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Ifill: Kellyanne Conway's excuse for Trump not observing MLK day 'embarassingly incompetent' 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording Give Y💀👅R pre$* 🙈N E🔥👂🏻.. 
@ScottforFlorida @realDonaldTrump @JoeBiden Poor baby! And these children think they have it rough: 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Eight dead, hundreds injured after 6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes Turkey 
Mitch McConnell knocks Trump on presidential demeanor #ImpeachmentTrial #MitchMcConnell 
If senators lack the "independence and integrity the American voters want &amp; deserve to see, they don't deserve to be a part of that 100.... 
Trump has chosen lobbyists to run EPA, HHS, DOD, and Interior 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@TrumpWarRoom Support this guy ! 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
"Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking" 
NEW: "President Obama called me last night and said, 'Tim, remember, this is no time to be a purist. You've got to keep a fascist out of the White House,'" Sen. Kaine says in a video clip featured in a new documentary about Hillary Clinton. 
...👁️ Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call | 
Harvard Law School Professor @tribelaw tells @Lawrence that senators must vote for witnesses to ensure a fair trial, and that to acquit Trump on the Dershowitz defense would set a terrible precedent for future presidents and the country. 
I don’t know him! #ImpeachAndRemove 
Kobe and Gianna Bryant mentioned by Senate champlain in powerful pre-impeachment prayer #CNN #MSNBC 
@NoWay7790 @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs My God! Lying and corruption is your way of life. 
@kasie @JohnCornyn Would you like to add Kelly to that! #HeadsOnAPike #ComplicitCorruptGOP 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Ya trash showEx-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Exactly. 
Take names / scorched earth? These dudes need to go.... which is of course the democrats long game. Get the base angry at GOP senators so we throw them out and elect a democrat majority. McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes to block... 
Missing son of 2 Missouri judges found dead in California nearly a month after vanishing #SmartNews 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@WhiteHouse making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
@chi_pmunk @seanhannity You people drank the koolaid. Do your own homework? Trump is a crook and doesn't care about 'WE THE PEOPLE' it is all about Trump. Listen to how he talks? He's revolting. 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
.@KristinBTate author of “The Liberal Invasion of Red State America”, explains how the ‘blue state exodus’ is changing the face of regional politics. 
Fake President. Calculated Trump stands by the directives of Communist Putin. Who knew we would be invaded by Communists through our Whitehouse??? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@UNICEF @NJSenDems ...when "doctors" say #vaccineswork and your like....hmmm, 100% vaccination rate yet they all still got whooping cough.... 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ #CNN #MSNBC 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
WATCH: Kobe and Gianna Bryant mentioned by Senate chaplain in powerful pre-impeachment prayer 
‘What is the president afraid of?’ : Tester calls for witnesses in impeachment trial @AP @WSJ @ @politico @CNN @Newsweek @nytimes @Reuters @NickRiccardi @USATODAY @TwitterNews @MariaTeresa1 @Salon 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" Pompeo and Trump are the same. They have limited intelligence and when pressed lash out like juveniles. 
@SenatorLankford @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Great. Awesome. WONDERFUL. Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
"GOP blocks bill to stop terrorists from buying guns" 
@CNN @cnnbrk @cnn THE ONLY ILLITERATE HERE IS CNN AND DON LEMON! WHAT A LEMON! CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
@ElJefeTulum Yeah, funny how he completely omitted any mention of the prosecution's star witness torpedoing their entire case. The fact that people are sharing that article because of Sonmez is disgraceful. 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' | 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
An allie? Who needs an enemy 
They're willing to destroy a war hero to protect their president. And they call US a mob? 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify Excellent comments by Amy Klobuchar ... 
@realDonaldTrump Maybe we can let the 94 of 95 counties of VA join WV and leave the one county as VA? 
@marcorubio Shame on you. You are a disgrace. 
ICYMI --&gt; One incredibly useful trick to find any photo on your phone fast 
@JoshNBCNews 💡Go directly to for the link to “Full audio/(partial video) of #LevParnasAudio of alleged #2018TrumpConversation” @Twitter is changing the code so the direct link to the video shows an error. 🤔 
@SenFeinstein JUST MORE #CORRUPTION 
As deficits soar, Dumbshit Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
"Kilmeade: 'Incredible' that Bolton is releasing book while Trump is still in office" 🎶It's all about MEEEEE, all about meeee!!!!🎶 - Bolton. Watch 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start | 
Not so much happy happy in Mayor Pete's fakey fakey land. He's a fascist, incompetent Lefty like the rest of them. Just blue eyes and younger. Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses': Sen. Mitt Romney indicated Saturday that he is "likely" to vote to call witnesses in Trump's impeachment trial, but would not commit to doing so just yet. "I think it's very likely I'll be… 
What's it like to write history as it happens? We discuss #AVeryStableGenius with @CarolLeonnig and @PhilipRucker. #11thHour 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: "I believe John Bolton." 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
I’ve been watching this since day one. This is gonna be good. He’s going down! Narcissistic prick. 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks. The Pres should attack him schiff's a douchebag liar. 
Chris Murphy: Trump defense 'helped our case to win a vote on witnesses' 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
@medit8now @LindseyGrahamSC @ Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
.@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
This will shock... Someone? #corrupt 
@SenKevinCramer @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends don’t believe what you see and hear, Trump boosts our cult ratings 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
From - Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Trump, climate change icon Greta Thunberg lay out starkly different visions 
VOTE BLUE 🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊 
@ToddTrobaugh @TomDangora Per Rachel 10/17/2016 " Over the first five days, Bernie Sanders spent on the campaign trail for HillaryClinton, over five days, he did 14 events for her – Minnesota, Iowa,Wisconsin, Michigan, Maine, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, 14 events in five days." 
The group Defending Democracy Together has released a new ad saying "it's time for President Pence." 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Repulsive Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
😂GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness' 
Politics AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
#CA #CNN #SanFracisco SAN FranFeces finally removes large piece of crap. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. @GoogleNews 
Why on earth would the @GOP ever agree to a “SWAP”? @realDonaldTrump was never able to call any witnesses to his defense in the house. He should call any 1 he wants Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that ⁦@donlemon⁩ 
GET IT DONE MITCH REPUBLICANS BETTER SUPPORT @POTUS McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Can you believe Schumer !!! Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
's Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office I've heard’ 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' , mr republican. 
Marxist Bernie Sanders isn’t above enriching himself through his family. But this is the way marxists operate. Everyone suffers but them. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service made him (and family) rich 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
@burgessev Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just They do what our democrats tell them to do, im sure Kerry will keep them well informed 
@SenMcSallyAZ 1. "Parnas on Maddow: , 1/16/20 2. Ibid. 3. "WH hold on Ukraine aid violated federal law, " The Washington Post, January 16, 2020 4. McConnell A 'Perjurer," MSN, January 17, 2020 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday 
Reports: McConnell doesn’t have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
Ignorance aligned with power is the most ferocious enemy of justice! #TrumpImpeachmentTrial Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Monday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.27.20 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #MAGA2020Landslide 
💥😨💥Is the fix in ... again?💥😨💥 🤦‍♀️🤷‍♀️😣😡 
Do you think RNC has evolved to cyber crimes? Why Barr say spying? 
Kansas City Chiefs hold Super Bowl LIV media event 
@realDonaldTrump Ken Starr is a deeply flawed human, a person no rational mortal should ever want to trust: Ezra Klein on historic day: ‘This is not normalizing impeachment’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation 
@aidnography @BenParker140 @davidakaye @seanmmcdonald @linnetelwin @UNHumanRights @UN They admitted doing it to preserve their relationship with China and when confronted, denied it on camera . 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
#JohnBolton tried to put his own point of view in AG Barr's alleged words. Obviously, the DOJ denied the claims. Didn't Bolton testify in the House because his book was not yet on sale? Serious question. This is not about #Impeachment but about $$$. 
This is Odd, I thought @mayorcantrell @NOLACityCouncil @NOPDNews were boasting a few weeks ago #Murder is Down, #Crime is Down? Crime in #NolaCombatZone #CriminalParadise #WildWildWestbank #WildWildEastBank is Booming! It's Not Safe in #TheBigEasy @wdsu 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' | 
In odd defense of Trump, GOP senator says there's 'new evidence' daily 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@realDonaldTrump Watch this roundup of @ analysis from Democrats' second day of opening arguments in the impeachment trial. 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members “Trump's re-election campaign is dispatching cabinet secretaries to a swing state. The Bush/Cheney team did something very similar 15 years ago, it was considered illegal under federal ethics laws.” 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
His name is isn’t Don “Lemon” for nothing folks. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
President @realDonaldTrump’s tax cuts have provided economic relief to the middle class. He wants to cut taxes even more—but he needs the House to get it done. I pledge to support the efforts of our President. Vote Maria Espinoza for Congress. #txgop #gop 
Retired Admiral James Stavridis on Qassem Soleimani's death: "Strategically ...we are pouring gasoline on a smoldering fire with no structure or strategy for where we're going to take this thing next." 
Dems are funny... “The appointments also include individuals that are outright hostile to Bernie Sanders and his supporters," she added. "It's not the message the DNC should be sending to the grassroots right now” 
WATCH: Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
GOOD MORNING #ELEPHANTNATION! Guess what Tlaib, you probably won’t have a job in DC in 2021 to do that! 😉✡️☦️🇺🇸🐘 JOIN US and LEARN! We Report the TRUTH! WFBAP! ⁦@EtheElephant1⁩ @GOP #WeThePeople #PowerToThePeople #MAGA #KAG 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so Why?? 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump @clairecmc #yougogirl 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
'Real people are getting hurt': House Dem on need for Ukraine aid 
Maya Wiley: Trump's actions like 'you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution' 
In case you’ve ever wondered why they only make our societal woes worse, its because they never had any intention of fixing the problem in the first place. They’re too busy doing this: 
Fmr. Senator Feingold says "nothing will stop" Pres. Trump "unless the United States Senate does its job. That means at a minimum having a real trial." 
@AmandiOnAir @ @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve For the folks who did not see it. I found it. 
Politics Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
Establishment Democrats Are Scrambling To Stop Bernie Sanders @YouTube Crazy Bernie must be stopped. You would agree after you watch this video 
Puerto Rico shocked by magnitude 5.9 earthquake causing further damage to island 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
I call BS. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" Way to own the libs #Maga #kag #trumptrain #deplorables #repubicnas #gop #americafirst #qanon idiots. You know that means you lose your social security &amp; medicare as well. Great job 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Sen. Murkowski was offended by House manager Rep. Nadler's assertion that Republican senators would be involved in a cover-up if they did not agree to call John Bolton to testify in the impeachment trial, an aide says. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Puppy store investigated after 'concerning' video suggests puppies were drugged #PTY #California 
@darkman1558 @KMC4wauk @LisaTalmadge Here’s a link to the interview: for ‘Warren on Trump administration: Corruption’ if it doesn’t open up to it. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Please go run for office in Venezuela. Maybe they would listen to you there. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Biden: Unplugged Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
To paraphrase Obama: the Dems are like the JV team. I expected DJT’s team to be superior, but this seems more like adults toying with children. The prepared vs, the unprepared. DJT’s long time lawyer coupled with Bondi incredible. RINO Romney must go! 
Wow! #SusanCollinsIsToast #SusanCollinsDoYourJob Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
China is hiding the real depth of the problem. China is in DEEP trouble. 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Varney makes bold prediction ahead of Iowa caucuses: 'Huge problem for the party' 
The White House retains the option to exert executive privilege to block witnesses, including Bolton. That might end up in a court battle, and could prove dicey if Bolton opts to defy the White House's assertion of privilege. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
This is major news!!! 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks: Donald Trump stands accused of attacking Democrats and the impeachment trial following the initial evidence presented by Rep. Adam Schiff, whom the president called in a tweet, ‘conman… 
Not Surprised.🤷🏻‍♀️ Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low | 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
Are you listening to this, too? @realDonaldTrump @StateDept Wonder what gets recorded everyday at Mar a Lago. 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sounds like acquittal and then not. It's wait and see. I keep praying for an acquittal though. Not giving up hope! 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
One of Steve Benen’s long posts wonders how Trump’s team will figure out...words and stuff. Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Are the claims legitimate against Romney for being involved with drug cartels? John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@donlemon you are a disgrace!!!! 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | On Air Videos | 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
Ever RINO who refuses to end this farce needs to be kicked out of GOP and turned out off office. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
And the illegals complain about their detention in our state of the art detention centers.They are being taken care of better than if they were free in their own country.What they really want is to be put up at the Hilton with room service &amp; chauffeur 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@MaddowBlog Listen here, if like me you don't watch TV or or have Cable: 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Sen. Kamala Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected From Discover on Google 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@seanhannity @realDonaldTrump If you call @RepAdamSchiff shifty, what do you call this clown @realDonaldTrump 
@RepAdamSchiff Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Explore the apps that are right for you at 
“There was no reason for the delegation to be partisan, but it was.There was no reason for these Republicans to give the Kremlin a pass on its misdeeds, but they did.There was no reason for the GOP lawmakers to downplay the significance of election...” ugh 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. #MAGA #MAGA2020 #foxandfriends #foxnews 
BTW, if you face a credible allegations of choking and raping a woman, that might get brought up when you die, even if you're awesome at bouncing a ball, catching a TD, or hitting a home run. Something to consider. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@ThomTillis @SenatorBurr . Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
There needs to be a recall or vote out of the RINO’s not standing with @realDonaldTrump! GOP needs to get their Sh*t together! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
May we all stand as strong as this lady Gerri Willis opens up about her cancer battle 
From Discover on Google 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children. Rand called out Chuck Schumer for suggesting President Trump and his children are "illegally" profiting from the presidency. Opinión: Hope They Sue Schumer for Defamation of Character. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight. 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
He may not be perfect, but this is one of the reasons I respect this man. Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
Miniature horse rides San Francisco BART train . AWESOME!!!!!!!!! 
Lying as a strategy. This is what Trump has brought us to? Sen. Harris discusses her hopes for the impeachment trial with Nicolle Wallace: "If this is going to have any legitimacy, it will be a process by which we uncover, we discover, we discuss,... 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
If Donald Trump did nothing wrong in the Ukraine scandal, why did the White House balk at cooperating with *multiple* investigations? 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@synthiesebi @Echo7571 @TonerBuyer 'McConnell's Graveyard': Pelosi lists bills passed by House that Senate won't vote on 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public @nbcnews 
@KamalaHarris @Creideamh_2020 YES, Koch billionaires own the GOP. Concise, timely 10 min. interview on AMJoy, with Nancy MacLean: 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
.@kasie: “It seems, for right now, that Mitch McConnell and his leadership team are holding the line on witnesses ... the panic that had ensued after the Bolton news broke has calmed down." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Van Drew said at the event that there had been more than 175,000 requests for seats at the venue, which typically holds 7,500. And many thousands outside! #foxnewsfacts 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ I say let #Bolton testify and show his arrogance. That will tank his book sales! He’s damaged goods for BOTH sides now &amp; will never work in Govt again. #thunderBolton 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Inside a 1992 party with Trump, Jeffrey Epstein 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' 
The "Trump is innocent, even if he's guilty" line was probably inevitable. That doesn't mean it's persuasive. 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' so Bolton is obviously hoping for big sales and doesnt really care about anyone but himself. Or he.would have come forward in the beginning. Lies 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Lawrence: Dems have done great job outlining specifics of evidence against Trump 
John "Skippy" Podesta claims @realDonaldTrump has "reassembled the Jeffery Epstein defense team" for his impeachment. Shouldn't Podesta be in Gitmo by now??? #QAnon 
Call your Senators and let them know how you feel. If you called before, call again and remind them. Republican, Democrat or Independent. Call 
"Republican state AGs make a curious case against Trump's impeachment" 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC 
🤮👎👿🙏😵"China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Two things: 1) Basic firearm safety would have prevented this tragedy 2) This only pushes me more for external safeties on my CCW purchases. —Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
BREAKING: FEMA has approved $39.5M in funds to help Vieques, Puerto Rico, rebuild its only hospital; the move comes nearly 3 years after the small island's health center was destroyed by Hurricane Maria. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
#SueSchumer Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
President Trump's lawyers are right: Democrats in the House impeached the President on dubious grounds. They've made a mockery of the impeachment process. #il15 
There needs to be a new FCC that holds biased media responsible. We as a Country should not be exposed to Propaganda! Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
'Real people are getting hurt': House Dem on need for Ukraine aid 
"I've seen a few people look down at their shoes when strong cases are... 
I don't normally agree with Matthews, but.... MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
@CAGoldenBear @ProjectLincoln @SenatorCollins ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Well you need to do so or enjoy your last term we can keep this topic hot for years. Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Polls show that Americans want to hear from witnesses. Why won't the GOP call them? Why doesn't the GOP present evidence? Do they have any witnesses to call and evidence to present? Looks like they don't have a case. 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
My hero! Man quits job, sells possessions to travel around world with pet ferret 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program, this is what happens when you allow communists into our University's😡 
Trump trial: Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
#ConfederacyOfDunces ⁦@Morning_Joe⁩ gives Trump’s defense team a nickname. ⁦@TheRickWilson⁩ ⁦@ProjectLincoln⁩ How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
@MarshallSbar @iambrig Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that #DonLemon ⁦@donlemon⁩ #CNNisTrash 
: When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out. @GoogleNews 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
What more proof does anyone need to see that she is angling for the Democratic Nomination? The Clinton Machine at work... 
Sessions on Bolton book: We don't have enough discipline, respect in our government | 
@MarshaBlackburn @politicalelle @FDRLST a hero - purple heart recipient - FIRST HAND knowledge - no wonder you feel the need to smear him - resign Marsha 
I don't know why I can't get this to play on Twitter. But it will play if it takes u to the FoxNews site. This "Peace Plan" is beyond insulting. Not just to The Palestinians. To intelligent people everywhere. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth Ole bloomers Bloomberg doing his usual lies &amp; pandering,he has no platforms only to beat Trump!Lets show this ole socialist his money cant buy elections! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation 
"You might reap riches, but if you sell your soul in the process...Steve...that's your choice. I have made a different choice...I think so has Rick and so has Tom!" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ Wheres Your Apology????? America’s Waiting Mrs Unhinged Congresswoman 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
New @potus campaign slogan! Make Earth Great Again! MEGA! Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump The American people expect witnesses and documents held by Whitehouse in this impeachment trial. Anything less is a coverup. #ExposeTheTruth #TrumpBetrayedAmerica #WitnessesAndDocuments 
Keep voting in corrupt people like her so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
Sen. Coons: "I think there are a few critical cases and witnesses here such as John Bolton, where I think we could make an argument that the president has waived privilege, that frankly, you can’t use executive privilege to conceal misconduct." 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
💥💥Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | "EXACTLY" so why do we need witnesses??? @senateGOP @housegop 
This should be required reading forvery millennial. : Michael Levin: 'OK, Boomer.' Really?! -- Here's what needs to be said to the younger generations. @GoogleNews 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
The evidence against @POTUS just keeps coming. It's like all the "Stop Leak" he &amp; his goons used to coverup his crimes, has finally gave way. Mountains of discriminating evid is flooding out in the open for ALL to see, with no end in sight! #TrumpTestify 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #MAGA 
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @PressSec "Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich #WTF 
While the ppl of #Iran suffer with strict inhuman laws not one liberal left radical in the U.S. has moved to #Iran -WTH!! How Iran imposes strict adherence to Islamic law with severe, inhuman punishment 
Trump unveils a plan for peace in yet one more area of extreme violence. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@senatemajldr @SenateGOP @GOP Chris Matthews: Trump setting precedent that presidents can get away with anything @ 
@RepAdamSchiff Dems lecturing the Senate on aid to Ukraine, yet four of them voted AGAINST legislation that provided aid to Ukraine. 
House Democrats are expected to wrap up their impeachment trial opening arguments today. 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify #SmartNews 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Pelosi has been too busy trying to undo an election, to monitor her district, where her felonious head of San Francisco Public Works official— in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets was arrested 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Dan Gainor: Fake News CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump talks one-on-one with #LevParnas at 46:00 advocating Pot, getting millenials. 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion |”Honestly, Sekulow’s argument to reporters yesterday would’ve generated derisive laughter at a high-school debate tournament.” 
In case you missed it @GOP, #AmericansWantWitnesses. Remember, you work for the people, not the president. 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
TRUTH: "...there's no reason for the Senate to take the letter too seriously." Thanks @MaddowBlog for the analysis of the @RepublicanAGs political letter to the Senate opposing @realDonaldTrump's #impeachment. 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
So many lies.... how do you supporters defend this please I am asking?!? 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters I suggest you look at your clip and stop your a..h..e stupidity 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⁦@SaraCarterDC⁩ 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
#Epstein effect. Why is this guy free to roam anyway? Well, I guess he's not anymore regardless... Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump Blab all you want.. The People YOU represent Demand Witnesses and Documents 
Well ⁦@donlemon⁩ is a complete jackass who needs to go back to drunkenly hitting on people at live New Years Eve parties. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
I hope this is true 
HHS, CDC officials update US response to coronavirus outbreak, detail precautions Americans should take 
Trump delusional unless you are all morons. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism | 
Why do they even let them out with this virus? Common sense is rare. 
Bernie Sanders self enrichment through his political positions rivals Biden's 👇 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
@Ghousertatt @Arriadna Oops, guess you need to read more mews on FOX, even they aren’t claiming ISIS is eradicated. And I pissing you off with #Facts ? 
San Francisco Public Works Director, Mohammed Nuru, was arrested by the FBI. Nuru’s job was to keep SF streets clean, but they remained cluttered with feces, trash, &amp; used needles. I’m headed to San Francisco this Saturday. It’s time for change. 
This is serious. British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
Children ask Georgia parole board to spare father's life, he killed their mom 
Trump%20reportedly%20called%20generals%20%27dopes%20and%20babies%27%20while%20berating%20them Classic projection on his part... 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
@GeigerNews @LiesKillTheSoul Here's the clip 😂 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
WATCH: Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims. #inners 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ | 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Harvard Law Professor Dershowitz Has Dismantled Democrats’ Hopes Of Using #JohnBolton Book To Convict Trump BUT @SenatorRomney, determined it’s MORE important for Bolton to rake in💰from his book. #Utah Will NOT re-elect you. 🛑THIS JEALOUSY ⬇️BREAKING 
Children ask Georgia parole board to spare father's life, he killed their mom 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Amazing hypocrisy. Lmao. Mayor Pete Buttigieg puts himself out there to win support from African-American voters 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
"Trump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
The propaganda machine that the Democrats have created with the likes of @ and @CNN is not only crazily stunning, but incredibly impressive...Stalin-worthy in their control and delivery. This is a prime example. Schiff was none of these. 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump | With jurors led by the likes of McConnell and Graham, they don't exactly need Clarence Darrow to win this trial. 
: Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed'. @GoogleNews 
Romney: 'I'd like to hear from John Bolton' 
*shakes head* Communists are corrupt *AND* stupid. The people who support them are likely just stupid. No, I don't care if you're offended. 
@SenMikeLee @realDonaldTrump The PEOPLE you are supposed to be representing here WANT WITNESSES and DOCUMENTS 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
'Susan tries to play both sides': Maine voters weigh in on Sen. Collins, impeachment 
Bye Felicia... Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views #gaypride 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@MarshaBlackburn @clairecmc doesn't pull any punches in replying to your disgusting tweet ... 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' 
Wake up Gabbard.Ur party doesn’t like u.Ur ideas r not radical enough,they tend2side with Reps.Educate yourself&amp;then walk the line and cross overTulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: ‘We received no explanation’ Wake up jabbered, the 
Morning Joe nails it: 'A confederacy of dunces defends Trump' - #TuesdayThoughts 
Florida fisherman who sawed nose off endangered fish is sentenced to fines, community service #scuba #scubadiving 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #Trump2020LandSlide!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Definitely scary times. One thing I would consider trying is to stop or cut way back on consuming meat. It is just not healthy for you. Protein can come from a healthier source. I pray this does not get worse and people pay attention to what they... 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
God bless President Trump! Trump Pence 2020! Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
For all the political correctness, the Progressive Stack Caste System leaders consistently make bigoted, hateful attacks against Southerners, White Middle America, incels, poor men forced to live w/ a parent, etc. They use stereotypes, fake accents, call.. 
@SpeakerPelosi Meanwhile, back in California. 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Good watch. Tom Nichols says it all about Frump. Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
Someone should really tell @GregForMontana that in Montana we can't go into deficit spending. He keeps touting the Trump tax cuts as if he doesn't know that. #mtpol 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
In the news! Trump impeachment trial case presented by Adam Schiff praised - 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
NY Tax Citizen-Request to submit into evidence case : #ImpeachTrump and ask for the following 7 (Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia ) recuse themselves! #GOPCoverup #GOPComplicitTraitors #ImpeachmentHearings 
"Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch" 
How long can #Ukraine last against #Russia?)Asks the Oval Occupant,in 4/2018). In lieu of the withholding of aide that followed in 2019, no #GOPsenator can ignore trumps depravity. Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents #let'shope 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo | 
Trump's team is what happens 'when you don't pay your legal bills' 
Malcolm Nance tells Ali Velshi that the Russian cyberattack on #Burisma is "2016 being played out again by Russian intelligence with the intent to hack the mindset of the American public once again" with leaks of disinformation. 
Sen. Murphy: Trump's legal team was 'engaging in a Trump 2020 commercial' | January 28, 2020 #news 
it`d be nice to hear tRUMP say he`s leaving office "ahead of schedule". 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight #SmartNews 
So....... there is absolutely no way this is not murder. 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says . Seafood market? How about biological weapon research facility? Sounds more like it. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Democracy 2020 Digest: Bloomberg dings Sanders on Vermont senator’s home turf 
Ari Melber: 'It's legal to lie on the Internet' 
Sen. Bennet: “I would rather have relevant witnesses. I don’t see how Hunter Biden has got anything relevant to share here.” 
James Carville: Trumpism greatest threat ‘since fall of communism’ 
California to shut down large homeless site at Oakland Home Depot 
New Jerseyans on why they support Trump: 'Huge resurgence of patriotism' in our nation 
Maybe that's what we're being told...some of us have seen it for a long time. Foothold situation. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@benjaminwittes @RadioFreeTom @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve @ Hey @therickwilson, @RadioFreeTom, @davidjollyfl, @JoyAnnReid, this is spectacular! David - you are a breath of fresh air! @CortesSteve didn't realize he was eaten alive! 
Voter suppression contributed to Trump win 
@realDonaldTrump Why read when you can listen? 
@dshnapper @SteveKrak Speaking of victim... 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyers have already said several things that are "flat lies" or "just ignorant" 
WATCH: Part 1 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Top GOP lawmaker Rep. Mark Meadows clashes over Trump's guilt in Senate trial 
Sen. Warner: GOP hasn't proven why Hunter Biden would be as relevant a witness as Amb. Bolton probably because hes part of the corruption investigation that started all this. Bolton has nothing it'll be a he said she said game &amp;It won't matter 
WATCH: @mayawiley says House impeachment managers "brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid" when asking that witnesses and documents be subpoenaed in #TrumpsImpeachmentTrial. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight TRUMP = TRUTH! 2020!!! 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid Isn’t it funny how never trumpers are coming out of the woodwork now 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' #yes You go ⁦@seanhannity⁩ !!! 
Reporter's Notebook: How the growing national debt seems to be fading from concern in DC 
Hundreds of Amazon employees go public over company's communications and climate policies 
Listen to the first senator on record admit the democrats’ impeachment argument is altering his perspective... 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
.@DrJasonJohnson: "One thing that Americans understand– they don't like cheaters. What this trial has established is that Donald Trump is a cheater in a way that we're not used to." 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
@D_awnSeekUp41 @SpeakerPelosi Mon was MLK day.There may have been briefs, trial started on Tuesday. Split hairs if you must but in this not conservative Monday post says it was the eve of the impeachment trial. Please stop assuming what I pay attention to. 
@SenatorLankford So you'd like to see witnesses and documents withheld by Trump then? The "full story" is being withheld by Trump...he said so himself. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
@KarenRandall7 @rcarr57 @IvankaTrump China gives Ivanka Trump 5 new trademarks as trade talks continue 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
I would hope so! 🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
"People ask me every single day, what has happened to Lindsey Graham." "What's sad is he has forgotten about the people of South Carolina." Good people of #SouthCarolina, please support @HarrisonJaime &amp; send the hypocrite Lindsey Graham home. 
"I never knew Rudy or had any dealings with him. I think I once had a photograph taken wth him but we never spoke" 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing #SmartNews 
Amer ppl want to see the material being withheld by DT Administration. Unblock material Unblock witnesses. @GOP @GOPLEADER @senatemajldr @TheDemocrats @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @JoeBiden @MikeBloomberg @CNNPolitics @. 
POWERFUL! Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
*(👉🏽We guess those RINOS enjoy being Democrat tools?!🤮🐍😡💩#VoteThemOUT!!!) *RE: McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
💥 Greg Craig, former White House counsel for then-President Barack Obama, was indicted Thursday on two counts of making false and misleading statements to investigators -- including Special Counsel Robert Mueller's Team 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much 
@AmbJohnBolton : Bolton says @realDonaldTrump Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@BernieSanders Bernie, Bernie Bernie. The Democratic establishment isn’t going to allow you to win the nomination and get stomped by Trump. You’re delusional. The USA is not going to vote for a 78 yo communist with a heart condition. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
@mattyglesias @catsareheavenly “The potential return of the ‘grand bargain’ on budgetary balance.” Because Republicans are for “fiscal responsibility” right? We just need to meet them halfway! Meanwhile, back in Trumplandia: 
Schiff: House 'should have forced' Bolton to testify, but Trump's team blocked them: Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., said that the House should have tried to have John Bolton testify in the impeachment inquiry, but President Trump's team would have blocked… 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
Sen. Warner: John Bolton was in the room, let's bring him in #AAG #AAG2020 
Prosecute/eliminate “official misconduct- government gang- ABUSE- MURDER- FRAUD- CRIME- INJUSTICE NETWORKS”.Trump’s team presents defense amid new Bolton revelations 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
@ChrisBEsq @HC_Richardson @SethAbramson @RepAdamSchiff It looks like he tweeted that on July 26th, the day after he spoke w/ Zelinsky... ... and the poll looks like it was published on the same day as the Z convo (which was just after 9:00am). 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#IMPOTUS "As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@danielgood359 @PerryBullock @seanmdav @Karenet24 Yes. these polls are completely ridiculous. Come on you can hide it better than that. Can't hide this... 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
It is illegal for Cabinet Secretaries to campaign for anybody. Also their staff. Another law that Trump breaks with impunity. And taxpayers foot the bill for their crimes. "Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
A chartered plane with US diplomats and citizens from China diverted to California air base 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans Why are we still giving funds to Jordan? If they are not honoring our extradition requests???? 
Impeachment trial is a 'dynamic' situation for GOP senators 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
All The President's (CONVICTED) Men: @maddow @DanRather @SenJoniErnst @SenatorCollins @SaraGideon @AmyMcGrathKY @harrisonjaime @TomSteyer @SenKamalaHarris @tedlieu @JudiciaryDems @SenFeinstein @veteranstoday @SenSasse @MilitaryTimes @starsandstripes @DNC 
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Check out Where the truth is told. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize this woman looks about 30 yrs older than she is .. 
Joe fact checks Traitor #45's Davos news conference 
@JimInhofe @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @ArthelNeville NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
You’re a hack and we all saw And heard your asshole remark to Pompeo 
SILENCE FROM @CNN &amp; @BrianStelter HOW COME? Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@aznboi27 @MadMD19 @PietDalmolen @RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump An unbiased 3rd party has stated there is indeed a crime 
Former Gov. John Sununu reacts to Sen. Mitt Romney, R-Utah, joining with Democrats to call for testimony from John Bolton. 'He needs to 'get it together' 
@RandPaul "I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say", that's correct, @TheDemocrats only want to delay @POTUS being acquitted in Senate &amp; of course to waste more taxpayer's tax💰! Shouldn't @RepAdamSchiff &amp; his "whistleblower" testify instead? 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ America Stands With You 100% #KAG2020LandslideVictory #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp 
How do these “upstanding” citizens keep getting elected!? He was a felon, a thief and a thug. 🤔😡#EnoughIsEnough #DrainTheSwamp (and it a doozy) #MAGA #Qanon —-San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Are you going to believe Don Lemon or your own lying eyes? Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters ---- Does anybody care what the #shithole @CNN says @ABC @CBS @NBC @MSNBC 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
McConnell: GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Romney just stepped into shoes of McCain. He succeeded in changing impeachment in constitution forevermore. Hope he is proud of himself bc we are not. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Republican strategists using their methods to defeat the Republican president 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
@realDonaldTrump "You can bet that he's going to be hearing those words thrown back at him throughout the campaign. Even a week before Election Day – it matters." – @JoeNBC on Pres. Trump indicating that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare 
Flip this poll 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Don't the Republicans realize this maybe the only time they can get rid of him? 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 🙈🙏🏼 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
@JoeBiden Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Explore the apps that are right for you at 
@zjjzjzjzjj @theneedledrop @DrJasonJohnson Nope. She apologized for that part too. For the whole thing. On air. 
Grand Duke of Luxembourg comes to wifes defense over hostile working #ENVIRONMENT claims at palace #GPWX 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
In 5-4 ruling, Supreme Court allows Trump plan to deny green cards to those who may need gov't aid 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@SheilaB95699577 @IngrahamAngle @JeffreyToobin Donald Trump says" i dont know Lev Parnas, never met him before" 
CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing ⁦@donlemon⁩ 😂 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
@realDonaldTrump The majority of Americans cannot stand you and want you removed! #AdamSchiffTRUTHMATTERS 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
@avalonfishingpi @RepSpanberger Here’s a link from Fox for you. 
@integrityshines @MysterySolvent Wrong 
Well done, NJ! 👏🏻 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
I want to know when they are going to call Maxine Waters and make her answer for all the Democratic CPS She Provoked onto Kidnapping and Prosecutors into Malicious Prosecution of Republican's💯 From Discover on Google 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags 
The latest #ImpeachmentWitchHunt #podcast w/ @GreggJarrett is now on @ApplePodcastsPresident Trump's legal team wraps up their defense without much concern with John Bolton's supposed 'bombshell'. Click here to listen &amp; subscribe: 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper #SmartNews 
Simply loving them is not enough for some. No hate at all involved, that’s a lie. Only hate is against the Christian. To them you MUST accept and APPROVE the lifestyle. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Rev. Franklin Graham on the importance of preserving faith 
@MariaBartiromo @realDonaldTrump @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness For most of President Barack Obama's time in office, Republicans seemed to care very much about the budget, making fears around the national debt and deficit their top talking point. They've backed off those concerns under Trump. Yep. As usual. 
You mean we will have witnesses like every other impeachment trial? You’d think that’s what an innocent man would want. Keep calling. 💙👊🏻 #DocumentsAndWitnesses McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #SmartNews 
"Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second'" 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Fantastic. But they don’t care. It’s their corrupt propaganda media 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
msnbcTV I'm not bored! I want to know the whole story! I appreciate the repeats because it is so well structured and with dignity! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments Bolton is another POS 
President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ We have the Greatest President Ever 🇺🇸♥️🙏President Donald J Trump 2020🇺🇸♥️🙏 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
"...in late July 1974, Gallup released a poll just 11 days before Richard Nixon was forced to announce he would resign in disgrace. The survey found at the time that 46% of Americans wanted to see the corrupt Republican removed from office." 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes Nnnnnnnnooooooooooooooooo! Not now. Not ever. This whole administration needs to be scrapped. Its a rotten bunch 
Schumer claims Republicans are trying to distract from a vote on witnesses 
"Fox special takes an inside look at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as they step back from royal duties" FOX NEWS 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied From Discover on Google @TheView @cspanwj 
Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20 
@realDonaldTrump For some reason the direct link isn’t working when copied and pasted. You can find the full audio at 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
@KatyTurNBC --- On the campaign bus with @AndrewYang 22 minutes 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
this stuff is scary #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. NO ONE SHOULD BE SURPRISED! THIS IS WHY THE #Democrats LIKE THEIR CITIES AND STATES DIRTY. SO THEY CAN MAKE MONEY OFF THE PEOPLE THAT LIVE THERE! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏🙏🌹🌹 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Did POTUS effectively send this scary thote 2 DNC or not: It's OK 4 Democrats 2 embrace Trump &amp; GOP, as opposed 2 feeling stuck with Dem Party...? @realDonaldTrump Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@ScottforFlorida @realDonaldTrump @JoeBiden You need yo get out of the FoxNews -24/7 conservative Talk Radio echo chamber 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
Must-see TV from @JoeNBCthis morning. Joe had me dying laughing over here. 
Dems drop new evidence tightening Trump's link to Lev Parnes @NBCNewsTHINK 
WATCH: Trump's legal team to argue he 'did nothing wrong' on Ukraine 
Rapper Lexii Alijai's cause of death revealed 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
Feinstein poster girl for term limits...she had held office since what...Lincoln assasination. Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' I pray and hope you will, Senator Romney @MittRomney 
Another coronavirus case has been confirmed in the U.S., this time in Chicago 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
One hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. LMFAO...more popcorn? 
If you are in the @GOP &amp; vote for this sham impeachment, you will be committing political suicide. Hope you understand we will vote you out! McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
What of it? The POTUS hires and fires ANY DAMN AMBASSADOR or secretary on his cabinet that he pleases! The last time that I checked, Ambassador Yovanivich worked FOR President Trump, NOT vice versa! Democrats, stick this up your CUTIE PATOOTIE!🖕 #MAGA✊ 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Wow. Ilhan Omar would not do well in Indonesia. She would probably be there all day taking her sharia law punishment. How dare she criticize the US. 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Y’all- it’s a no brainer. Anything else but removal of this President from office would be an abdication of the duties... 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
#PresidentPence Watch his video 
Cruise lines continue to cancel departures from China amid coronavirus outbreak 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
: CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
I like this: "In Trump’s plan, if the Palestinians do not agree to the peace deal – and do not meet minimal conditions – Israel can proceed to secure its interests without them." 
@realDonaldTrump Again, listen to the recording! #Guilty 
@SenSusanCollins clutch those pearls, Susie Q. No one believes you'll do anything but toe the line for 45. 
Dem House Managers doing 'flawless job' in opening impeachment arguments 
This is what your Democrats are supporting folks... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote #AAG #AAG2020 
@LindseyGrahamSC DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
CBP officers in Minnesota seize $900G in counterfeit bills from Chinese shipping container 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
United Airlines suspending flights to China as coronavirus outbreak continues 
Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
Wiley: Trump's legal team 'did not have a lot to work with' 
@realDonaldTrump @OccupyDemocrats John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Alan Dershowitz shows that the current impeachment effort, if successful, would void the US Constitution, turning it into "British Parliamenty System." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
MaddowBlog: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a... 
Remove the low life loser fake news CNN Don Lemon! He is not a new anchor! He is a liberal lying biased loon! Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
"As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks" 
Peace plan for Middle East. 
What do you tell the President @rep_stevewomack? Do you tell him YOU care about the budget? You lecture constituents about a wasteful budget yet are silent when spending comes from your party. 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Dan Bongino on John Bolton's manuscript leak: 'There is nothing here' | 
Don't fall for the sideshow. Ask and answer questions and vote to acquit. Let DOJ/AG Barr handle indictments and arrests for any criminal activity. The Congressional games need to end. Go back to doing the job you were elected to do. 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Chuck Rosenberg: ‘You don’t trade’ witnesses 
Bongino, Kilmeade debate the impact of potential John Bolton testimony 
Anger translators, like Luther for President Obama. Only louder. 
Her (@TulsiGabbard) afternoon #snowboarding came four weeks after the #Hawaii lawmaker went surfing in the frigid #AtlanticOcean waters on New Year's Day at Hampton Beach along #NewHampshire’s Seacoast. 🏂🇺🇸🏄🏽‍♀️ #Tulsi2020 #StandWithTulsi #ShredWithTulsi 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Greece elects Katerina Sakellaropoulou as first female president 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, ‘I believe John Bolton’ #SmartNews 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@MattWalshBlog Did you see this gem? 
@LPFanForever1 @BMWDeb1 @Mariucia1 @SexCounseling @realDonaldTrump Huh. Interesting hot take. 
Interesting dinner conversation as recorded from Parnas' cell phone that contains Trump's wanting to get rid of the Ukrainian Ambassador around the middle of the recording. Comey's name is also mentioned. @realDonaldTrump @GOP @GOPLeader 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
@CAGoldenBear ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 📹 🎞 👉🏻 
“The Democrats have spent a lot of time imagining what the president’s motives are,” RonPaul said. “Someone ought to spend some time imagining what John Bolton’s motives are other than making millions of dollars to trash the President 
Thank God Trump got rid of Bolton when he did...Imagine...We would be having World War Six😱 Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk #DisbarThemAll 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
@4545Don @jennyrachelpal @IvankaTrump Oh...here's reporting an actual fact! Fat orange scam artist.... 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
@realDonaldTrump Bolton teases "There is so much more to come" 
You may be walking your dog wrong, PETA founder says #dogs #dogsoftwitter #dogfriendly #dogwalker 
@WajahatAli Will you denounce this??? 
So the one in the Sahara was a fake?! 
@McFaul He would be outraged by this news: 
Rand Paul blasts disgusting Chuck @SenSchumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' Yes sounds good but are we sure of his aspirations 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@Lancegooden Here is a clip of an all Republican panel, guess they are the Liberal elite too?!?!? You know I watched this whole show, and the amount of fact checking on the Trump delegate was insane! 
I doubt Dustin Hice would think so @donlemon @KTHopkins 
What is Trump thinking? Two men who’ve worked for him weigh in 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
All the president's men... "Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitious' on evidence 
Meanwhile, Willie Nash gets 12 years for having a cellphone. And y’all think white privilege is a myth?!? 
🤣 Gee I wonder why? China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
AMAZING JOB ⁦@NJGOP⁩ AND WILDWOOD!!! GOD BLESS AMERICA AND MAY GOD BLESS ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩. 
Getting rich by manipulating the clueless. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
GAO busts Trump 'no crime' claim with regard to Ukraine scheme 
If anyone can get it done, it’s @POTUS ❤️ Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Is the Bolton revelation a smoking gun or an Access Hollywood moment? 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
msnbcTV His body language and the way he delivers that statement...Russia are you listening reveals he already knew they were going to hack. His big ego wanted the credit the emails becoming available. He is too stupid to know it was illegal. 
Best news in a LONG time!🎉🍸🍺🍻Just booked Cathay Pacific 2 Jakarta! Oh,wait. Says that they’re only going 2 flog women?! What about us guys? Damn, DAMN IT!!!🤬 Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
WATCH: @kasie’s complete interview with impeachment managers: @RepSylGarcia, @RepValDemings and @RepZoeLofgren 
This is unacceptable - especially in America! Do not allow this here! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
There was... and there STILL IS!! "Trump insists there was 'an attempted overthrow' of US government" 
Is the Bolton revelation a smoking gun or an Access Hollywood moment? @NBCNews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #SmartNews 
Its all about being #inclusive, #empower #women, its nice to see. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ ⁦@EricTrump⁩ the dominos fall one at a time and consistently! 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"Co Conspirator Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Politics Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #PeaceInTheMiddleEast 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
#BoltonBombshell #BoltonMustTestify Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
@jentaub @AmandiOnAir @ @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve So good 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
@senatemajldr If you ignore this you ARE complicit “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ the pug stuck on stupid this is about democrats attempting to remove a duly elected Republican President. 
@CNN Any comments on this? #donlemon #sexualassault #Gay #CNN #MeToo #News 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
What is democratic socialism? Repost for those who need reminding. 
@BernieSanders Give a listen to this - 54:00 in they start talking about you. How "they rigged it" in 2016. 45 was most afraid of you in 2016. 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
What a neat story. #HolocaustRemembranceDay 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
'X-files' of UFO sightings over United Kingdom to be released for the first time 
Homeowners given $20G bill to clean up former California homeless camp 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group | 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in #Trump's Senate #impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Jay Faison: Clean-energy supporters should support #nuclear power 
@SenFeinstein @congressdotgov @SenateDems @SenateGOP #CPP community: Tweet this at your Representatives! 2016 CDCguidelines 4opioid Rx, despite CDCs warning they were SUGGESTIONS, not 2B enforced law – many CPP undertreated W/some taking their own life. 
Kilmeade: 'Incredible' that Bolton is releasing book while Trump is still in office | 
How will Trump's 'public charge' rule affect immigrants? 
PBS news panel-only one of the panel even listened to Trump defense lawyers-still repeated Schiff-another decried Trump tweeting❗️ Thick/Dim❗️ Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law WONDER WHAT FEMINISTS LIKE @milano_alyssa 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested THESE are Nancy's people. Any surprise? 
All Democratic run cities. Not some....not most.....ALL of the them. 
African-American pastor’s incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters 
Vindman was on the the July 25 call with Ukraine President Volodymr Zelensky. For Trump's acolytes, Vindman is politically inconvenient. If that means some have to smear a decorated American veteran, it’s a price they’re willing to pay. #GOPquislings 
No sympathy, here. She knew, just like everyone else, fentanyl is illegal. So, she did it to herself. Rapper Lexii Alijai's cause of death revealed 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
@superdefill @psychwriter1515 @ryangrim How do you define “full on socialism?” She does a fairly decent job here, but generally we are talking about democratizing the work place What is democratic socialism? 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Tribe blasts McConnell's 'dark of night' Trump trial 'cover-up'. I trust these Gentlemen more then I trust our current president. 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
The democrats will stop at nothing to impeach trump going as low as low can get 
Tulsi Gabbard sues Hillary Clinton for $50M over 'Russian asset' remark 
@WhiteHouse looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
May Allah make things easy for all those who are oppressed worldwide 
Impeachment raises questions about secret stash of Trump records 
Powerful and True... #Schiff Rep. Adam Schiff: "If Right Doesn't Matter, We are Lost!" 
CA cops respond to 2 homeless men shot with arrows: report 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 😡 #corruption &amp; #lies ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ⁦@LibDems⁩ #LiberalHypocrisy 
CNN anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
I know there's little hope of convincing any @SenSanders supporters that socialism has and will never work, and that Bernie himself doesn’t even practice it. But, when will these socialists realize that the Democrat Party is just a cabal protecting itself? 
Who’s good with this. @realDonaldTrump is a miscreant who can’t be trusted. Not a word from his mouth speaks truth! #Resist #TruthMatters #TrumpIsGuilty #VoteBlueNoMatterWho "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
White House counsel Pat Cipollone asks senators to defend the Constitution, due process and the right to vote 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Keep voting in corrupt people like her so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
#Democrat rule in #SanFrancisco is shitty, here's proof: "San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested" 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Dershowitz rocked it! Of course, a demwit would not think so. Wonder what ⁦@SenWhitehouse⁩ thought of demwits repetitious hear-say &amp; lies??? Mindless! Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse: Dershowitz gave 'embarrassing' defense of Trump 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" @maddow 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
US military says 11 troops injured, treated for concussions after Iranian missile attack 
@Jim_Jordan Looks like the frivolous defense dream team is proving how strong the case is. "As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks." 
Yet another cowardly GOP failure, it's time to start the American Conservative Party. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Mira que considerados... #not Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Joni Ernst said the quiet part loud yesterday, suggesting Team Trump’s attacks against Biden were less about presenting a legal defense during an impeachment trial, and more about influencing the outcome of an election." 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan 
Maine Independent Sen. Angus King on Trump's impeachment trial: "This is more serious than I thought." Learn more: 
#ComplicitCorruptGOP are such #hypocrites ! We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
This lady must be sanctioned, or else she'll do it again &amp; again. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth This man doesn’t have a clue what to do with a dog. Just imagine if the dog had clamped down on Bloomer’s hand. 
Mar-a-Lago got $17M for nonexistent hurricane damage 
'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense | 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
WATCH: President Trump holds 'Keep America Great' rally in Wildwood, NJ 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Yess Girl !! #ILikeBernie 
#China rejected CDC offer to send team to help contain #coronavirus: US Health Secretary. Obviously China can’t let the Americans find out the real #WuhanCoronavirus death tolls &amp; infected cases. And whether the virus did come from the #Wuhan lab. . 
Politics US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
NASA's $2.5B rover is frozen on Mars 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron...HOW MANY PINK PUSSY HATS IN HER WALLET🕷 
"Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" #Medicare #Medicaid will yours be cut? 
@SenateGOP @WhiteHouse &lt;iframe width="560" height="315" src=" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; 
Yay New Jersey . ♥️♥️♥️♥️ Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
From - San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
7 ways to stop robocalls now 
😁REALLY?!?times a wasting ..LETS GET TO THIS TASK , USA,PRONTO! CHOP CHOP💥”National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." Nicolle Wallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. #ShitholePresident 
SICKENING! Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@riotwomennn Look what fox is running this morning... 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide Yep all politics, nothing to do with criminal charges. Rink house cleaning time is due. 
* Holocaust survivor, 94, forms unlikely friendship with NYC middle schooler over German language 
So with bubonic and other diseases coming from illegals and homeless, they are going to send now folks leaving China and other countries into California? 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare #CUTS On The Table! Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
Gutfeld on cancel culture and the candidates #tcot 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@BobMadia1 @dcexaminer @donlemon @TheRickWilson @WajahatAli @realDonaldTrump No. It’s accurate. And you Trumpsters have been conned by Donnie. He’s making money at every turn. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@MittRomney WHAT are YOU prepared to do???? Save the U.S. or let her die in shame? 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Hayes: "Part of what I think people find so difficult to understand Republicans poo-pooing it is just for them to go through the motions of pretending they believe that the president acted in good faith. Everyone understands that's not what was going on." 
@TomFitton @realDonaldTrump Did you mention that he is a life-long fraudster? Are you a hack? The time Mar-a-Lago got $17M for nonexistent hurricane damage 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rigging the #TrumpImpeachmentTrial : #ThomTillis, #JoniErnst, #SusanCollins, #CoryGardner, #MarthaMcSally, #LisaMurkowski , #LindseyGraham, #MitchMcConnell, #TedCruz, #MarcoRubio #MarshaBlackburn #JohnRoberts #SCOTUS #JohnBarrasso 
Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" He's promising to take medical coverage away from about 30 million Americans. 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees I agree 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight #AAG #AAG2020 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
"The charges that have been put forth, the information that has been put forth, has been really compelling," Sen. Tester says. "I think [Rep. Schiff] was hitting on some points that are really hard to deny — especially with the information we heard." 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #MAGA2020 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation Cotton and wants to stop flights to China. Do you agree or disagree? 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' Called Bolton who should be indicted for Treason 👎👎👎 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Hayes: ‘We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens’ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 😬 WHY? 
Unfortunately @AmbJohnBolton doesn't have principles. Bolton has a history of leaking when it advances his warmonger agenda. The damage he did to the NK negotiations was unforgivable. He deserved to be fired and should be shunned by any future president. 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight God Bless You ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #KAG2020LandslideVictory America ❤️❤️❤️R POTUS 🙏🏻🙏🏻☦️☦️ 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
I can’t believe I’m reading this. God bless the family &amp; friends of those on that flight. NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill says GOP senators don't want impeachment witnesses such as John Bolton "because the witnesses are going to swear under oath, in the US Senate, in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, that what happened really happened." 
Remembering Kobe Bryant: Rep. Maxine Waters calls for moment of silence in House Maxine Waters MAKING POINTS 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested...⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
While I understand that sex sells, I don't believe it should be used to sell. At the same time, every single person who bitched about this would've never had the opportunity to bitch if it wasn't for their daddy "oogling" mommy's tits and ass. Ya doi 
This "human" is VERY DANGEROUS. She would throw you under the bus as soon as look at you. She would put her mother under a horse if she could benefit from it, and then pretend we're all disgusting for pointing it out. 
share - "But at its core, there's a basic truth that's unavoidable: ahead of the 2016 cycle, Trump insisted he wouldn't cut any of these social-insurance programs, and ahead of the 2020 cycle, his position is fundamentally different." 
Virginia woman who killed West Virginia man found decapitated gets life in prison #SmartNews 
The evidence for being on the right side of #History keeps mounting. Your side has @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo and @RudyGiuliani...need I say more? #TuesdayThoughts #Truth -Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
AFidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during impeachment trial Oh -sketching-books-how-senators-entertain-themselves-during-trump-s-impeachment-trial-77404229710 
Joe Biden hits the trail in New Hampshire as rivals focus on impeachment trial 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial 'Still Winning' author Charles Hurt shares his thoughts on the impeachment trial and the issues ti distracts from on 'Tucker Carlson Tonight.' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
👀Are they hiding something? Why wouldn’t they take help??🤔🤔China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize RADHIDA TLAIB IS AN ANTI-SEMITE-A HATER!! THIS WOMEN MAKES ME SICK TO MY STOMACH! SHE MUST BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE! SHE DELIBERATELY SPEWS HORRIBLE LIES! 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House #Disgusting #RemoveTrumpNow #TrumpAdminIsMorallyCorrupt #Pompeo 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: 95pcent calls demand witnesses 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Indeed it was a virtuoso performance. I have never been more impressed about an example of oral advocacy in my almost 62 years on this planet, and 37 years as a lawyer. 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #DumpTrump #TrumpRussiaPence #TrumpUkraineExtortion 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low Due to their Misogynistic speeches and back patting and talking about how good they are for society and how bad Trump is all while gas guzzlers, airplanes, limo’s wait outside running for them. LOSERS EVERY ONE 
Interesante artículo sobre el candidato presidencial Bernie Sanders. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC #SmartNews 
Sen. Sanders is leading the 2020 field in New Hampshire, according to a new WBUR poll. 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Bolton Book, The Room Where It Happened: A White House Memoir, reportedly copied and distributed by White House 🤔 copyright infringement comes to mind... 
"Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away" 
Let's look back at the last time we looked to for an opinion poll #clowns #liars 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested San Francisco is the capitol of corruption... FIRE ALL THESE ASSWIPES ! 
@jp_jeannie @CPV75077528 @seanhannity @AlanDersh @jasoninthehouse @AriFleischer @LindseyGrahamSC @RepDougCollins @DevinNunes @RepMikeJohnson @mercedesschlapp @KatiePavlich @GeraldoRivera The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Ocasio-Cortez rips 'shameful' Supreme Court ruling allowing 'public charge' immigration rule Reaction from former DHS oversight counsel Mike Howell. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
From Discover on Google 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Devin Nunes: National Security Council should be 'quarantined' to Virginia 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
McCaskill: Dumbshit Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
"Where are they now?": @maddow says several Republicans in the House and Senate who were "earnestly and aggressively standing up to get in the way of the Trump administration messing with Ukraine" are now quiet amid the Trump impeachment trial. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | I hope a bunch of Trumpers are on Laymoans jury🙀 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Romney, Collins say Bolton claims strengthen case for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
His name is pronounced LEMON 🍋 not LeMON. Quit trying to make yourself sound intelligent. He pronounces Sorbet as / sôrbət/ not /sôrˈbā,ˈsôrbət/. CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
"TAKE HER OUT"....SHE'S GOING TO GO THROUGH SOME THINGS" MOB BOSSES, NOT PRESIDENTS SPEAK THIS WAY.WE ALL KNOW WHAT TRUMP SOUNDS LIKE.... THIS WILL BE CONFIRMED NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Rep. Nadler tells Ari Melber that House impeachment managers may call for fmr. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly to testify in the Senate impeachment trial. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities All 5 cities are run by Democrats. #WalkAway #Election2020 #Blexit #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #VoteRepublican 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Democrats lay out case for removing President Trump 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested A corrupt democrat, im shocked 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
Despite Trump's rhetoric, more troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
More crap from a corrupt WH 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Donald Trump douches again! 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
After bullying reporter, Pompeo basks in presidential praise 
Bolton news creates straightforward test for GOP in impeachment trial 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law @RashidaTlaib And @IlhanMN should be there 
“Iowa caucus-goers take note. Joni Ernst just spilled the beans.” Trump defense less about defending Trump, really about trying to discredit Biden. #GOPLiesMatter #ImpreachmentTrial 
@thehill @JaySekulow Says that man that lied on the Senate Floor before the Chief Justice 😒 
#MidnightMitch and the #GOPCoverup not going as planned!!?? Oh, Bitch...I mean Mitch, say it ain't so! Hahahaha!!! Treason's not so easy once you've been exposed. McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
The Five - Tuesday, January 28 
Angus King on what the House managers showed about the impeachment charge: "More serious than I thought." Also notes that 95% of callers to his offices want witnesses and documents. #mepolitics 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Jerry Falwell Jr.: My Trump endorsement was correct — here's how he restored American Greatness 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls #news #breaking #fox 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
NEW: Officials in Australia are searching for a water tanker plane feared to have crashed while fighting wildfires. 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine | 
⁦@donlemon⁩ addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Don’s very bad at what he does &amp; he’s an idiot. My opinion. 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
“Chris calls Schiff’s remarks ‘the most compelling case for removal from office of this president I had heard in all these months.’” 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Sen. Bennet on new Bolton revelations: "It shows you what level we've sunk to ... The president has utter contempt for Congress, and I think for the American people." 
Fmr. Amb. Susan Rice discusses how President Trump has used foreign relations to "advance his personal political gain." 
Arizona border agents find fentanyl taped to man’s thighs during immigration check 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
awesome!! GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Trump's legal team to argue he 'did nothing wrong' on Ukraine 
BULLSHIT !! DONNY BOY !!! Typical fake news liar. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
#Elitist : Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Queen Elizabeth's first public engagements announced amid royal family drama 
Klobuchar: Bloomberg should be on debate stage so 'voters can evaluate him' 
Finally 
#Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@MrCleanSF @GavinNewsom Time to take out Mo with the trash. 🤬 “There’s an understanding that ‘everything goes through Mohammed,’ and if you piss him off, there’s retribution.” 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Is the Presidency for sale now? @GoogleNews 
Al the clowns in one state!! "Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Ari Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@realDonaldTrump We all believe John Bolton. 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table ICYMI-how does your base feel about #SocialSecurityCuts &amp; #MedicareCuts? #VoteThemAllOut #VoteBlueNoMatterWho #Warren2020 
"the president may want people to believe he’s “totally left it alone,” but to the degree that reality matters, his White House budget plans have proposed... 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children | 
@RNC ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Make 2020 your best year ever! Check out these tips to ease your Crohn's symptoms: #Crohns 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza ⁦@POTUS⁩ #MiddleEastPeacePlan 
You know who cares about the budget? Republicans when there’s a Democratic president who wants to help the middle and lower class. But when it’s corporate tax breaks and giveaways to the rich, they conveniently turn a blind eye. 
I wonder how many of these cities have Republican leadership? America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Celtics Star #EnesKanter : #KobeBryant - more than a basketball player 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre ...Seriously, commence with Death 💀 Penalty 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so Graham is part of the cover-up.Stand up against the bad guys and have them call witnesses! #resist#theresistance 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer... 
@Shaybz_ @janatuladn @b4thglow There are white celeb women calling Kobe a rapist just hours after his death. But, of course, racists excuse white women for being toxic. 
Sen. John Barrasso @SenJohnBarrasso on the impeachment of @realDonaldTrump: we know he’s guilty and we don’t care “There will be new evidence every day. There will be something new that comes out every day.” 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
These morons better get their Schiff together ,or, there will be a lot of anger towards those who falter, come November !🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬 McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor @DrTomMartinPhD @docrocktex26 @Trumpnado2016 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Here’s why Dumb Don Lemon Drop’s show ranks 35Th in the ratings. He dresses up as a nonpartisan but he’s CNN’s worst nightmare of #FakeNews journalism. #DonLemon is the poster child for #CNNisTrash &amp; #TrumpDerangementSyndrome 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. John Bolton may be holding a grudge against President Trump. Extending the hearings could endanger incumbent running. 
Dems delivered “their opening argument”: @AP White House reporter @JonLemire recounts first day of Trump impeachment trial on @Morning_Joe (at 5:45). 
This is amazing! In 7 years I hope they all get Scholarships! And what about teaching all of them to drive! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@TrumpWarRoom This? Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza- and Palestine’s going to pay for it?! 
Trump’s tweet this morning included five claims, each of which are the opposite of the truth - or as most of us would say, LIES! "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid-inquiries @Realdonaldtrump (What is bolton going 2 testify 2?)'THERE WAS NO CRIME/NO VICTIMS* THE AIDE WAS DELIVERED BE4 THE DEADLINE/U CAN'T IMPEACH 4 A THOUGHT CRIME! UKRAINIANS SAID 'NO PRESSURE'' #Trump2020 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Voters credit Trump for record economy: poll 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This should be posted all over the WORLD! Sick as FU$K Stop this insane practice NOW! Where’s the outrage! Pass this along! 🤬 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum steve cortes is the real scum who defends the liar what a jerk 
Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad 
.@TuckerCarlson: John Bolton has always been a snake #JohnBoltonMustTestify #TuesdayMotivation #TuesdayThoughts 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
@CC_Worley @samfoof @downrangechaos @Brian_Alford @Lor_blueeyes @Skinsnrugby @Black_is_back5 @SONADORLIVESON @boodacat2020 @Vickie627 @JDW714 @42Gnome @PATRIQT_1776 @MargeELDER8 @GPoopon @WalkedAwa @TomDoubting @franjerkington @NeoDJT @Thumper5465 @RedQueen2020 @JillayneMC @shrekthepunk @LouT27 @AllaraTravel1 @ChrisB892020 @atumpkins11 @ShannonTtexas @bitterlily22 @simon_r_katz @RoseWoo15096108 @Pompano_Pete @rockscot1 @RobertCharlesL4 @tSlacksMarin @mattrellen @RatPatrol15 @AsanteS09913224 @mick719 @FactsMatterDonM @Glittergutz47 @jerbear714 @MarvelsEdge @BeatriceofEste @zimmy1998 @maxxxxxx888 @beericua @Kevin84500028 @MmmGarmonbozia @ How is Barr and Durham's investigation going? Looks like another fail. Italy has no use for AG Bill Barr’s conspiracy theory 
The #Islamists will reject this deal. They will demand the whole of Israel. They will never disarm. This is ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ showing us how vile and murderous the #Enemy is. Another #EpicTroll 👍🇺🇸 
"What worries me is that we tend to think that we're going to be around in 2029 having this kind of conversation. And I think it'll be a very different country in 2029 if we don't begin to address, particularly as it relates to the rule of law,... 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed - @GoogleNews 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion | 
Ahead of the 2016 elections, Donald Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 elections, he's saying ... something very different. 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Dianne Feinstein: 'There is no Deep State' , You have to be ignorant to believe this 
.@AriMelber calls Ken Starr's defense of President Trump "a disaster for Republicans. A total, unmitigated, legal, and constitutional disaster." 
Sen. Warren: McConnell doesn’t want a fair trial 
Nancy Pelosi on Bill Clinton's impeachment in 1998: 'Republicans are paralyzed with hatred' What changed Nancy? 
#Republicans aim to suppress your #vote; how you can stop them 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
How very nice of them. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
President @realDonaldTrump called for a two-state solution to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict; reaction and analysis from Dr. Ahmed on @foxandfriends 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
@BigBlueWaveUSA @MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump Wonder what the FsuxNews zombies think of this? 
The PLO Rep Barks Out Again!! 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' | 
Taken straight from Hitlers book, Mein Kampf and it was his playbook and has become the playbook of the democrat party. Also the playbook of Rachel Madcow! That is until they shut her blog down on She and Steve Benen were faithful to Mein Kampf! 
@Assurnari1 @rubycramer @maggieNYT problem With POC u Said ... 
I'm glad when Pompeo sits down with outlets outside of conservative media, but have you noticed these interviews don't seem to go well for him? 
Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics 
Rep. Schiff calls out WH counsel during first day of trial 
"Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant" 
#SenateRepublicans must choose between doing their jobs &amp; conducting a #FairTrial or face #HeadsOnAPike with the #AmericanPeople who will #VoteThemAllOut2020. #FairTrialsHaveWitnessesNDocs #FridayThoughts 
If right doesnt matter, we’re lost (Adam Schiff) 
The ad: 
One can almost see the lawyers “lining up”. 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
Can ANYONE in the MSP ask @RepAdamSchiff if he intends to ask CJ Roberts if he will subpoena Bolton? 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
#Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from #China to US, report says #TechJunkieNews 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich. Good summary ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ nepotism, corruption, and duplicity. His “consistency and authenticity” is bullshit. Bernie’s a fraud. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
"5 pro tips to speed up your old computer" 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
Let’s enjoy this moment. 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' . Us illiterate? We answe questions w/ facts! The Duhms just hurl insults! Not once have they been able to give me 1 fact, or answer 1 question 
Sen. Hirono sums it up. Republicans are traitors and criminals. It's disgraceful. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit Smh. 😂😂😂😂😐 
Poll: Record economy ratings, President logs big wins with stocks, unemployment and wages 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Michelle Obama is now a Grammy winner. 
Exactly. We have OFFICIAL CHANNELS. "This was about a political operative doing the work of the president as his personal lawyer and the work being for the political, personal benefit of the president as opposed to in the interest of national... 
Shooting in Hawaii leaves multiple officers dead 
Trump lawyers’ defense arguments don’t hold up experts says 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
@realDonaldTrump I have paid into Medicare &amp; Social Security since I was 16. Don’t you dare call it an entitlement. You have no idea how things work, do you. 
Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
@PattySheeran @ There is now 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
🤔 So it was a spy plane. Curious if they were WH or BH? "2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says. They were the only two people aboard the Air Force E-11A electronic surveillance aircraft when it went down. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been ⁦@HouseDemocrats⁩ ⁦@SenateDems⁩ ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ ADemocratPlant HeAchieved What The #DeepState Wanted2B TheirCrookedWitness 
China Spurns CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
#Schiff: Why wouldn't #GOPSenators #want to #hear from #JohnBolton? #News #GOP #Corruption #PadOff #TrumpRussia #Russian #Putin #Puppets #Senate #SenateImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentTrial #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #Impeachment #Trial #Bolton #BoltonBook #Book 
@maddow Here's part two, which is even more damning to Trump. He asked Parnas how long Ukraine would last without the US military aid. Parnas says, "No time at all." So he KNEW the devastating impact when he blocked the aid. @SenateGOP Vote YES for evidence! 
@LondonBreed As we kick off 2020...nice! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight @KimStrassel 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Adam Schiff says Trump's defense team made effective case for John Bolton's testimony | Schiff is still a liar &amp; has no case, he does not understand the constitution it's like Schiff wasn't even there when Dershowitz's explained 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious I thought I would think man like you would read testimony before you say this. The testimony is all hearsay,how they felt &amp; gossip. so you have been lied to in senate.All witness agreed UA is corrupt 
@realDonaldTrump For some reason the direct link isn’t working when copied and pasted. You can find the full audio at 
Video: Biden in emotional interview: 'Beau should be the one running for president, not me' 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" #DONews @USAGov 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Lawyers defend guioty clients but you couldnt pay me enough money if i was a lawyer to stand there and look retarded. He cant really believe that. Maybe its what trump and sc lawyers told him to say, sounds like it 
@RealTBONEHusker @donlemon @CNN Says the man @donlemon who has the assault lawsuit against him. 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Our new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now. Download the first 2 episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
The Spotted Pig closes following settlement announcement, 'rape room' accusations 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording: President Trump appears to be seen briefly on cell phone video NBC News has obtained from Lev Parnas his attorney. After the video appears to briefly capture the president on camera at a… 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
How can a guy like @SecPompeo be our “top diplomat” when he seems incapable of holding a simple conversation? 
@lisareid11 @realDonaldTrump House democrats *did* ask Bolton to testify. Trump's own press secretary acknowledged this. 
MEMO to so-called, illegitimate, impeached POTUS @realdonaldtrump — “You'll never measure up to POTUS @BarackObama!” NEVER! President Obama won the presidency without help from Russia, &amp; he wasn’t impeached for attempting to fraudulently win another term! 
@JoeBiden Can you be any dumber? PS- Impeachment is hurting you more than our great President! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
: Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during Trump's impeachment trial. @GoogleNews 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
@thehill @TheHillOpinion Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
John #Bolton’s former chief-of-staff: Withdraw your book! @realDonaldTrump @JaySekulow #ccot #maga 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Not gonna happen... 
Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was ‘really offensive’ #SmartNews 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
@PatriotNotPol @realDonaldTrump hasn't tweeted in 2+years. is where they'll notice. @OANN is where people in the know get their news. 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
"@RealDonaldTrump faces pushback from veterans for minimizing troop head injuries" 
@dcexaminer @BretBaier @IvankaTrump @donlemon @realDonaldTrump CNN - "Who's Laughing Now?" The Ultimate Deplorable... 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ you idiots are feckless morons falling for the Dem “bombshell” get your crap together and close this out. Before your jobless 
After testimony, Sen. Harris says AG Barr lacks all... 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Super Bowl LIV time, date and everything you need to know about the game 
Two defunct satellites will come within 100 ft of each other - @GoogleNews 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@greggutfeld⁩ ⁦@JesseBWatters⁩ ⁦@TheFive⁩ @danaPerino 
Illegal 'Crude Oil' #marijuana floods across #Arizona border 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga | 
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse: Dershowitz gave 'embarrassing' defense of Trump in impeachment trial 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@AOC Wow interesting read and reason to be careful.. meanwhile the Dems open border policy places Americans at grave danger.. enough said. 
How is it that a president, whose policies are motivated primarily by white supremacy and misogyny, could be in an intimate dinner setting with friends, comfortably discuss a wide range of policies and topics and not say anything racist or misogynist? 
💥💥💥Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments It’s a Dem, DS, and MSM ploy to Drag this out to the 2020 Election ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @senatemajldr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FuckTheGOP #IMPOTUS Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' #SmartNews 
An antiquated system makes it hard for the FDA to find source of food-borne illness outbreaks quickly 
Ahhh, sure Don. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" @realDonaldTrump @MarshaBlackburn Smearing a DECORATED WAR HERO with LIES. It’s the REPUGNANT WAY. And, it’s all they’ve got. Proving yet again that you have ZERO credibility or DEFENCE. 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
Exactly. The only good that will come of his time at the White House is that whoever's after him will most definitely be checked and stopped in their tracks. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho... 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
President @realDonaldTrump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Amb. Rice explains how Trump's Ukraine actions were security risk 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Well shucks!!! 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Corruption. No, REALLY??? 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics ‘The Dems MUST lose at the BallotBox in order 2 understand the gravity of what they are doing. If they do not, this will not be the last impeachment in our time’ 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Chuck Rosenberg: ‘You don’t trade’ witnesses 
⁦@NicolleDWallace⁩: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one! #ImpeachmentTrial Via ⁦@⁩ 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" that would steal money from the poor. 
Lost ancient monastery may have been discovered 
“If we cannot have functional impeachments, we don’t have a government anymore.” @DrJasonJohnson discusses President Trump’s impeachment trial. 
Justice may not always be swift, but a former military base contractor whose health was compromised while working by the dense black smoke of burn pits was finally awarded compensation two years after the court ruled in her favor. 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump 
Of course it does since the 🍊🤡 is a pathological liar "Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj gets 25 years to life in prison for child rape | 
Wiley: 'Corrupt intent' is the only explanation for why... 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just #tcot 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops Hey! It's not political.... 
Man quits job, sells possessions to travel around world with pet ferret 
Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
@glennkirschner2 @kim Many Repub Senators including @SenatorRomney said they wouldn't watch Congressional impeachment hearings. So they didn't hear those FACT WITNESSES &amp; now some not listening today. How on earth can Roberts let this happen? How can they now make judgements? 
Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad | 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile burned by Wisconsin cops 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" OUT with you @realdonaldtrump #impeachmenttrial 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
James Carafano: Why Trump says give Middle East peace a chance 
#MorningJoe Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma #ConfederacyOfDunces 😂😂😂😂😂 
Trump impeachment trial discussed by Rep. Val Demings 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize This rep is a class A bitch. 
Yo I'm hopscotching into the lake please enjoy also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #RewardsPoints #AmReading #HealthyRecipes @MightyRTs #Ethics @SympathyRTs #AmWriting #Anonymous #HealthyRecipes #ImWithHer #Javascript #GoGoCosplay 
Why would anyone in their right mind want to spend money and open up a business in San Francisco? 👇 California’s Prop 47 leads to rise in shoplifting, thefts, criminal activity across state | 
## WE SHOULD REALLY BE PAYING MORE ATTENTION TO THIS ## British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' The democrats are baby killers! They have no room for Pro-Life supporters!!! #ProLife 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change. Joe Biden came under fire Tuesday from 2020 rival Tom Steyer after a video surfaced of him telling a man in Iowa to “go vote for someone else” 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Sen. Blumenthal: "The proof is overwhelming that the president corruptly abused his office for personal gain." 
More cover for Treasonous Criminal Shithole Donnie from State Ministry of Propaganda Faux news ! Pathetic 
Trump trial ‘disaster’: See Ken Starr ‘punch himself in the face’ on Senate floor A blowjob defense! 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Chris Evans, John Krasinski in hilarious Hyundai commercial for Sunday's game 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book. WOW White House made the copies and allegedly leaked the Book too. Why, I guess we’ll find. 
This Day in History: Jan. 29 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Chris Evans, John Krasinski in hilarious Hyundai commercial for Sunday's game 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@DebbieLesko @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump’s team offered no evidence to counter the eyewitness testimony. Also, how do you explain this new audio and video tape of Trump talking to Lev Parnas. 
@AmericaMatt4 @CPV75077528 @jp_jeannie @seanhannity @AlanDersh @jasoninthehouse @AriFleischer @LindseyGrahamSC @RepDougCollins @DevinNunes @RepMikeJohnson @mercedesschlapp @KatiePavlich @GeraldoRivera Watch this interview of Les Parnas. It will provide insight into more evidence regarding Trump's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
@senatemajldr The following interview with Les Parnas provides insight into new as well as corroborating evidence regarding Trump &amp; his team's actions and intent pertaining to the quid pro quo he attempted to force on Ukrainian President Zelinski. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
From Discover on Google Farewell speech!! 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt. 
Trump welcomes Netanyahu to White House, announces new Middle East plan will be released Tuesday 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument LOL 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Centuries-old painting discovered in cathedral souvenir shop may be work of Renaissance master 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
.@peterbakernyt says President Trump being able to "bull his way through storms that otherwise would takedown a normal politician" represents "a change of our politics" between President Nixon and President Trump. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters #DemDebate #Election2020 #Bernie2020 #Biden2020 #Warren2020 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | 
Kobe Bryant looms over Super Bowl LIV Opening Night #e87380150f1057e193bfe0daa8cd2693 #foxnewssports 
Trump rails about impeachment trial in tweetstorm and gets much of it wrong 
More here: Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' | #DespicableLyingErnst 
Black Cube...ur hearing that name in the Harvey Weinstein trial, because they may have been using "cut outs" to get close to actress Annabella Sciorra here is some info on them 
Jason Johnson: Impeachment trial has established ‘Trump is a cheater’ 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
There are far more Critical Issues that require funding than sending Astronauts back to the Moon... From Discover on Google 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
From Discover on Google 
2-Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
John Brennan: Trump's the most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold the presidency Competent people agree. The outcome of this "trial' was preordained. There is some comfort in knowing, that the stain on Trump's name is permanent. #ImpeachedForLife 
Never Trumper asserts GOP 'lives in abject terror of Trump' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Come on #Democrat #Squad we’d love to hear from you. 
Jus one more example of @realDonaldTrump lying to the nation. #IMPOTUS Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 🙏🙏🙏🙏 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
@realDonaldTrump “Take her out” ~Donald Trump #TrumpTapes #25thAmendment #ImpeachmentTrials #RemoveTrump #Trump 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
CNN sponsors are,Lending Tree,Bath Fitters,Progressive &amp; Liberty Tax CNN's viral video mocking Trump supporters racks up millions more viewers than original airing 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
On impeachment, polling points to some... 
Here we are buried in debt, corruption, election process compromised and evil to all who seem "different!" Wake up Americans and hold our "leaders" to a higher standard. Vote them... 
You know what's scary? If this was a biochemical weapon somehow created by China and tested it quietly. They are not helping the U.S. government at all despite what's being said. 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump White House 
Microsoft's Bill Gates regrets Jeffrey Epstein meeting: 'I wish I hadn't' | 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table | 
@MarkJacob16 Really? 
JUST ANNOUNCED: Chef @andrewzimmern explores top political issues through the lens of food in new @ series “What’s Eating America.” Watch a preview: #WhatsEatingAmerica 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell. @GoogleNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
I’m not sure why the link above is going to a 404 error because it came straight from the msnbc website. Try this one, maybe: Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Promises made, promises BROKEN. 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution | January 23, 2020 #news 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
@MittRomney @CoryGardner @SenatorCollins @SenatorBurr @SenateGOP The obstructionist is bragging about being an obstructionist. He make the case against himself! WTH is wrong with you? 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals 
Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report Oh wow. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Hosted By MFrazz: Kobe Bryant to be honored during Oscars 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
The Des Moines Register executive editor on why it endorsed Warren 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Flash top entertainment headlines for Jan. 28 | ripa was mad that she wasn't selected it had less to do with Michael Strahan other than ABC wanted him not her. She need to get over it. Strahan is doing a Great Job. 💘 You Strahan 
@DrDiamondGurl We don’t have a TV but my mom usually watches Rachel Maddow on her Apple iPad tablet. We don’t see any Rachel Maddow shows listed for Jan 17th - Jan 24th (even on ~ I don’t see those episodes up). 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
"Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others'" 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
#REALNEWS: #Trump unveils map of proposed #Palestine Never gonna happen. #Palestinian #Terrorists do NOT want #Peace and to #CoExist, but constantly clearly state their desire to KILL #JEWS and destroy/replace #Israel. Learn from #History 
‘Caught bluffing’: See Trump trial begin as GOP Sen. McConnell backs down on rules 
Why Trump, McCarthy seem so eager to side with Bernie Sanders - be careful what you wish for ⁦@SenSanders⁩ OR ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ will wipe the floor with your corrupt ass 
It will be 2016 all over again for #Bernie ... 
"'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974" FOX NEWS 
@TimRunsHisMouth Trump's letter is 'six pages of pure crazy, weapons grade nuts' 
Now we know the numbers China is sharing are BS. 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of... 
#Corruption San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
I guess these so call entertainers, and the Hollywood self-righteous, should stop trying to alienate over half the country. Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@TRed1599 @Entheogenic11 @JulianSvendsen @realDonaldTrump Are you making excuses? "Well, I think it depends on your interpretation..." FYI, I don't hate dems, I was one for 25+ yrs. They have a term for what I've done now, it's called 'walkaway'. A gay EX dem coined the term. 
Hmmm....this impeachment trial could serve multiple purposes; unseat a shit-bag POTUS and disbar A LOT of shyster lawyers. 🤣😂🥳 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
As the first day of Democratic opening statements ended, Chief Justice Roberts gave senators a new “homework assignment.” 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@RadioFreeTom @TheRickWilson In case you missed it: 
DONALD TRUMP SAID HIS IRAN BOMB DIDN'T HARM ANY AMERICAN SOLDIERS. 33 WITH BRAIN INJURIES WHICH PRESIDENT aSS-0LE CALLED "HEADACHES."Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation #ITSoW 
NPR reporter says Pompeo shouted, cursed at her after she pressed him on Ukraine during interview WH ATTACKING MEDIA SO CAN KEEP USA WORLD UNINFORMED 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
THIS IS HUGE: Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Super Bowl LIV: 20 (more) bizarre prop bets for the big game 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument @JaySekulow Where did Sekulow get his law degree? The ad next to the sea monkeys ad? He has no defense or legal argument for Trump ... 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Hillary Clinton slams Sen. Sanders in new interview 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth Anyone who knows him knows what a cold hearted prick he is 
Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims the App. Who cares?! Trump was making a suggestion! He’s the damn President! In the end, nothing was done wrong! 
Senator McCaskill: President Trump’s legal team attacking Hunter Biden for “surfing off his last name” is “unbelievable.”She saids the President’s family has “dirty hands”with the way they have surfed and made money off this presidency.” #WednesdayThoughts 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump wraps up defense 
I'm shocked!! Shocked I tell you!!!!!! San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Way to call it like you see it @RandPaul!! 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Ouch - 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Joy Reid: Democrats 'hate the president' is not a legal argument 
Ari Melber: Trump's impeachment is 'a mark he will carry for the rest of his life' 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
@jaketapper @RepMikeJohnson They also claimed that Sondland said there was no quid pro quo. Sondland specifically said there WAS a quid pro quo. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Intentional lying in sham ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk #RepublicanTurds 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
@chrislhayes just blows up @GOP defense's Biden angle. Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Tucker: Bernie Sanders intends to upend America's economic order #tcot 
Kobe Bryant petition to change NBA logo to late NBA legend receives more than 1 million signatures 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton'#SmokingGun #impeachtrump 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj gets 25 years to life in prison for child rape | #Pedophile #NickiMinaj 
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends FOX NEWS POLL: MAJORITY OF AMERICANS WANT WITNESSES CALLED! 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
A white House cover up -- A criminal conspiracy with republicans needs FBI investigatiins, many helping Trump to cover their own crimes. Lindsey Graham is scared to death not just because hes nothing with out Trump, SC criminal plans fall thru 
Imagine that! McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Not surprised. Typical communist/socialist. 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS!!!!!!!West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 
Fmr. Senator McCaskill says Pres. Trump's legal team attacking the Hunter Biden for "surfing off of his last name" is "unbelievable." She says the president's family has "dirty hands ... with the way they have surfed and made money off this presidency." 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
St. Lunatics 
@J_P_Green @PikachutheDest1 This isn't related directly but this shows how Trump really doesn't care about anyone but himself. I'm sure there are other outlets with this article but this as the first I found. 
Even if Charles Manson ordered the killings, he didn’t actually kill anyone. Right......... "Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
@NBCNews has now obtained what Lev Parnas, through his attorney, says is the full recording from a donor dinner in April 2018 that appears to be @realDonaldTrump speaking about Amb. Yovanovitch. #ImpeachedForever #TrumpTapes 
"During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory" 
Feel free to make up your own map. Everyone else does. Study determines each state's most searched snack ahead of the Super Bowl 
Man chin, Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
@HunterMaxin @Swordoftruth16 @ConstitutionLo1 @Alyssa_Milano No actually he didn’t. 
Rep. Demings: ‘Take her out’ line usually comes from mobsters 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
@DevinNunes @vwheato everyone knows he lied and backtracked after he got caught lying. How about this clip we all know You don't want everyone to see. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that | 
@LindseyGrahamSC Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Take this in #Adam Schiff 
@LindseyGrahamSC Wilson explains whycomeNovember you will have a chance to make new friends under a bridge somewhere. 
Good read "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Velshi on the fight for truth and a fair impeachment trial 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Nuclear fallout exposes fake 'antique' whisky 
The same people who rabidly denounced Bolton as major hawk, are now promoting him as an important voice! The idiocy of it is astounding. Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January | 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Experts reject Trump lawyer #Dershowitz's claim abuse of power isn't impeachable as his arguments are full of inaccuracies @ @washingtonpost @FoxNews #ImpeachedForLife #Trump2020 #SenateImpeachmentTrial #PutinsLongGame #PutinsPuppets 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
Accurate: TOTAL ROT. 🗑 Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
@oldladydem He is so disingenuous about it. Citing a lack of knowledge all the way back in 2016 while tacitly encouraging it. Exhibit A: 
@maximlott did you ever update this story to show that the 3.1% had been revised down to 2.5%? nope 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' ⁦@SenTomCotton⁩ It is about time!! Thank you Sen Cotton!! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Holy shit ah ha ha ha ha ha ha. The NYT hired Buzzfeed Ben. My sides 
@mkraju ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
Kudos to .@holliesmckay for reminding people of this important story and keeping the memories of the victims alive. I found it prominently featured on the website this morning. .@FrimetRoth .@arnoldroth .@realDonaldTrump #JusticeForMalki 
"Queen Elizabeth is hiring a traveling sous chef" FOX NEWS 
That slimy bastard RINO 😡🖕🤬 Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Steele: Impeachment process 'dumbed down to the lowest pitiful common denominator of ugly and stupid' 
This is a great piece on why we need @SpaceForceDoD. #space #SpaceForce 
West Virginia one of 17 states that submitted proposals to host @HyperloopOne certification center ... #Innovation in #WV - center will perform key safety tests required for certification 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday 
"Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
@realDonaldTrump 🧨💣🧨 💣 Donald Trump asked #LevParnas how long Ukraine could “last” in its war with Russia without American military aid *in April 2018* — and a year later Trump put a hold on the aid to #blackmail #Ukraine into doing him a #favor. 
@RuralRustbelt @manband20 @LisaTalmadge @JoeBiden That is still a contested point to this day as there are people in the administration amongst others who say that there was no such amendment in the works. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare #CUTS On The Table. Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Ari Melber breaks down the 'underlying stupidity' of requiring a felony in an impeachment trial 
🇺🇲👏🏽👏🏻👏🏿👏🇺🇲 #Trump2020 Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses 
From Foxnews. .. This terrorist must not be allowed to live freely in Jordan. Why is the king protecting her.? Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@CNNPolitics What is maddening about impeachment proceedings is there is no doubt about Trump’s guilt; the facts are undisputed And there’s a pattern here: Trump engaged in an even deeper conspiracy with Russian intel in 2016 and covered it up #AllRoadsLeadToPutin 
If the @SenateGOP fails to #ConvictAndRemoveTrump, America’s only chance at survival is if @realDonaldTrump and his @WhiteHouse staff’s incompetence contributes... #TrumpLiesMatter #SocialSecurity #ProtectOurCare #HandsOffSocialSecurity 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested @DeAnna4Congress said: "something's wrong here" a long time ago. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@RepByrne @realDonaldTrump Knock it off @RepByrne You have zero credibility. The only ones lying is Trump’s legal team #TrumpsWarOfMassDistraction 'False flag': Brian Williams, Sen. King call out #Sekulow for saying Ukraine could have interfered with elections 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize. Once a terrorist, always a terrorist. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
"President Obama called me last night and said, 'Tim, remember, this is no time to be a purist. You've got to keep a fascist out of the White House,'" Sen. Kaine says in a video clip featured in a new documentary about Hillary Clinton. 
Chipotle fined $1.3M over thousands of child-labor abuses in Massachusetts 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law SICK PEOPLE 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich ⁦@SenSanders⁩ just ANOTHER politician that TALKS The TALK BUT does NOT WALK the TALK... just check family history and finances #justsayin 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@GualcoJodie @sooze555 @Robyn_CherCrew @janforney1 @Itridpm @retiredfirstsgt @PattiKimble @DudekLinda @ShercoSherrill @TrishBeMe @Jeeneree @Cherfan4ever1 @SarahGould_SA @doris03763159 @robynchercrew @Swags_D17 @CeciliaCmaida @network_gal @AnnKeenan3434 @CHHolte @TrumpMustGo9 @GayMcMillen @wildwillow65 @agavecorn @chilibowlcheryl @Auriandra @Patrici61172453 @webfashioner @cashsteven1 @djohncan @robt_interrupte @birkirstin @MatthewGreenaw3 @RobertSteagall @saucy1234567 @steveasumner @JosephIrato @namaste90111 @SafiyahNoor1 @SenAmyKlobuchar @MittRomney @SenateGOP @JoeBiden @loonyberg @MajikElf711 Best thing today. 
White House eyes backward steps on anti-bribery laws 
Plan for Venezuelan migrants to settle in Brazil sees US support 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
After days of fidget spinners, GOP senators ‘attentive’ during team Trump presentation 
Barbara Boxer calls McConnell's impeachment rules proposal 'a disgrace' 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"It's pretty clear that the White House lawyers are going to try to make Adam Schiff into, if not a villain, at least something of a lowkey punchline that they can keep going back to," @GarrettHaake says. 
Trump impeachment trial opening arguments in two minutes 
I’m sure they’ll give it away to green companies or children’s hospitals. Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Pass this to the Liberal #LBGTQ community, would ya. 
#RightMatters “If I - and my countrymen - ever succumbed to that concatenation of conditions, no Constitution, no laws, no police, and certainly no army would be able to protect us from harm.” -- 'They Thought They Were Free, The Germans, 1933-45' 
"Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman" FOX NEWS 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@realDonaldTrump Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich'. 
@DailyCaller The new Republican talking point. He did it, but it's ok "Let me repeat: nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, would rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense,” Dershowitz said on the Senate floor. 
What Tom Steyer saw early on about impeaching Donald Trump 
Hey ⁦@CNN⁩, ⁦@MSNBC⁩, ⁦@brianstelter⁩ - 18 years is a looooooong time! 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron how is this, you showed a lack of respect and sympathy in your attempt to be clever #noclass 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ #SmartNews NO FUCKING THANK YOU #PoliticsFreeSuperBowl Can’t we get a day of peace from these lying con man🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵 @MAGA @GIP 
House Minority Leader Schumer comments on unfolding information tied to Trump-Ukraine scandal: "It's a little like Watergate. Things keep dripping out...the truth comes and the Republicans and the president lose ground." 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS What about the budget? 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@MarshaBlackburn "Vindman was on the call during Trump’s July 25 phone meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymr Zelensky; the National Security Council expert quickly realized that the American president had gone too far and undermined U.S. national security interests." 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Frank Miniter: Mitt Romney acts like a child in using a fake name on Twitter to secretly criticize Trump | 
Whatever works! LOL! Pregnant mom brings Nerf gun to hospital to keep husband awake: 'Mom hack level 10,000' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
On MLK Day, Chris remembers the continuing struggle for voting rights 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Car thief locks himself inside car, is 'saved' by police #UK 
"Bloomberg: Trump told me ‘there aren’t any’ people he could hire who are smarter than him" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador . 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave'. Joe Scarborough batters Ken Starr to dust. 😂 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees #AAG #AAG2020 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript KICK @mittromney out of the @GOP he's a RINO (Republican In Name Only) 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
President Trump moving the ball! 
Americans eat a record 1.4 billion wings on Super Bowl Sunday 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@SenJoniErnst Did you know your boss is terrible with spending? Yeah you did... you support all his bullshit. Shame on you. 
San Francisco public works official, Mohammed Nuru arrested on corruption charges 
POLL:We always say, Nobody asked me... well here is your chance! Vote😊 
@seanhannity @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump The GOP MUST control the # &amp; duration of the witnesses to testify! Keep Minimal! 1 day only! DEMS MUST NOT CONTROL! McConnell doesn't have votes YET to block impeachment witnesses 
@cspan AWAN IT SCANDAL 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
#Trump braking records and barriers. Now more than ever. #Trump2020LandslideVictory From Discover on Google 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Okay, I stand corrected. One, singular lion could fight off a pack of hyenas (or, at least, 20 of them). #LionKing 
"Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock'" 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Headliners: Joe Biden premieres Sunday at 9 PM ET 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@BernieSanders Look everyone - old Bernie’s been making money off of us for decades 
@CNNPolitics Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
@BobSamuelson55 from your buddies at 
If the Grammys were about the music, their audience would double. Instead, it's often a platform for rich narcissists to pontificate about their love for humanity while simultaneously expressing their disgust toward anyone who does not believe as they do. 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Michael Bloomberg could spend $1,000,000,000 or more in his quest to beat President Trump — and experts and consultants in both parties say that unprecedented sum could tip a close presidential election. - @aseitzwald 
WATCH: Rep Adam Schiff reminded the jurors, and Trump's defenders, they themselves have long questioned Trump's integrity and fitness for the very powers he stands accused of abusing. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Foremer Viking - Chris Doleman: Rest In Peace! Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica #cuba 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
@JohnCornyn 1. "Parnas on Maddow: , 1/16/20 2. Ibid. 3. "White House hold on Ukraine aid violated federal law," Washington Post, 1/16/20 4. McConnell A 'Perjurer' After Senator Takes Impeachment Oath: MSN, 1/17/20 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters CNN &amp; MSNBC, We The People are going to work together to bring both of you down! 
Wake up senators, the majority of Americans want to see Trump removed from office. Do the right thing, we're watching. #SenateTrial #SenateCoverup #NeverTrump #VoteBlueNoMatterWho #Resist 
"African-American pastor’s incredible true story leading a KKK member to Christ hits theaters" FOX NEWS 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ ⁦@BreitbartNews⁩ ⁦@ABCStudiosUK⁩ ⁦@abc7newsbayarea⁩ ⁦@abcmelbourne⁩ ⁦@ChanelRion⁩ ⁦@JesseBWatters 
So 🇺🇸 military were hurt in the #Iran strike - based on his previous rhetoric it makes the 🍊 #moroninchief #nutJobInChief look like the cowardly bully everyone knows he is... "Trump claims on troop injuries following Iran strike get a bit worse" 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC #SmartNews 
From Clinton to Trump: Watch Lindsay Graham change his opinion on impeachment 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Hidden gem! "Underrated hilarious aspect of this is that it took 2 full days for anyone to notice. And it got more attention being tweeted from an account with 20k followers than it did when it aired on CNN," another Twitter user pointed out. 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn't sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify! 
@ShawnG927 @cjdtwit Did @donlemon laugh when @CNN wrote the check? I DiD! R/T if you laughed at Don Lemon’s employers when they handed Nick a HUGE check. Don Lemon Harassed~Nick got the last laugh all the way to the Bank. 🇺🇸 #Karma #KAG2020LandslideVictory #CNNisGarbage 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
Rev. Franklin Graham on the importance of preserving faith | 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
And then there's the corruption of @senatemajldr and his wife. @realDonaldTrump administration has more corrupt politicians than any other administration. Drain the swamp? The swamp actually got much deeper! 
Mmatthews is an idiot 
@Vamp56 @BadAsVlad @realDonaldTrump Seems a lot of the commies are upset, their leader is a fraud. 
Sen. Jon Tester: Hunter Biden doesn’t have first hand info on what Trump’s done 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Moe, Larry &amp; Curly spew their hatred for Patriots who support the President. NO SURPRISE. 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Homeowners given $20G bill to clean up former California homeless camp #bcpoli #cndpoli 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ TAKE A LOOK AT BOLTON WORLD'S FIRST ASSHOLE RESEMBLING A WALRUS..... 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' Finally I AGREE with ⁦@Judgenap⁩ . ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ WAS BLINDSIDED. 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
Trump slams impeachment trial at New Jersey rally #AAG #AAG2020 
"I am guided by the data," author Harriet Washington says of research in new book. "In this case, economics is certainly a risk factor for being impacted disproportionately by these poisons, but race is a much larger one." 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Ford Mustangs join Mexican police force, adding much-needed muscle to the fleet 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? I earned &amp; paid into Social Security. This is not an entitlement, after 33 yrs of working, it's mine. See what those people elected? Lying ass, evil stupid bastard. 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Get this man and his a wife a house already 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
‘Women win:’ Elizabeth Warren on the success of female candidates in Trump’s America 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court | 
Joe: Nunes keeps getting caught in one clumsy lie after another 
I've see elementary kids pay more attention than these Republicans. They planned this to make a mockery of the Impeachment Trial process. Fidget spinners, sketching, books: How senators are entertaining themselves during the trial @nbcnews 
@ShaneHachey @ChrisRConrad @steamtug7 @lkoneal @benshapiro I’m not a Hillary fan but at least she showed up to testify. Moreover, man-baby even had to cancel the investigation on her because there is nothing there. 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Puppy Bowl 2020: Where to watch and what to know 
Go figure. China keeping the lid on this.... 
(@) Tweeted: Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: "I believe John Bolton." 
Jessica Simpson admits she always had alcohol cup 'filled to the rim' with her before sobriety - 
Hold your ground girl.👇 Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
all brought to you by #Liberal #Democrats - the california shit hole... @SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff it was once a majestic state - not anymore. Don't let them do this to the whole Country #Trump2020 #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020 
Google News - ⁦@FOXNOW⁩ ⁦talk⁩ noes’ ?? 
@realDonaldTrump All patriotic Americans MUST watch this: 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
I smell BS "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Republicans will play this CNN clip on election night and then say "Thanks for showing America how the Democrats really feel about them" 😁 Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
So why is Trump putting kids in cages and not concentrating on keeping Americans safe? Illegal 'Crude Oil' marijuana floods across Arizona border 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
1/ Some people get fired from their jobs for complaining about company Christmas gifts on social media. That ⬇️POS MF⬇️brags about obstruction of justice on the world stage. Impeachment and Removal is the process We the People have to fire the president. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments Not only the Bidens but also the whistleblower and Schiff 
Tribe blasts McConnell's 'dark of night' Trump trial 'cover-up' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
'A Very Stable Genius' details history as it happened in Trump... 
This entire story is insane, and might not be believable in a crime novel. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@DevinNunes Here’s strange: 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Enjoyed discussing Lev Parnas &amp; the 4/30/18 recording of ⁦.⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ on ⁦@maddow⁩ this evening: (1) @POTUS knew Lev, (2) understood Ukraine was vulnerable, &amp; (3) was itching to fire Ambassador Yovanovitch. #LevRemembers #LetLevSpeak 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Watch live:I would like to hear the arguments on the floor. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' #ImpeachmentTrials 
Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
Nicole Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in WH 45* publicly supported Pompeo's abusive treatment of NPR reporter Mary Louise Kelly, telling Pompeo that, "I think you did a good job on her". 
Trump can be seen briefly on cell phone video NBC obtained from Les Parnas. After the video, the audio, shows Trump ordering the removal of U.S. Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch. 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
John Bolton's book says Trump tied Ukraine aid to investigations 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism 
👏🏼 David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
TESTING ONLY IGNORE 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Wiley: Dems 'brought the receipts, threw them on the table, and asked them to be paid' 
Donald Trump recently assured the public that "no Americans were harmed" in Iran's missile strike. As it turns out, as U.S. troops are airlifted to hospitals, he has his own definition of "harm." 
So how long will it take for the Earthquake to be blamed on @POTUS? LOL 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
OMG!!! No #ExecutivePrivilege at all! 😬 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
It's got the same symptoms as a cold and last about the same. Just has a 3-4 out of 10 people dying 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
More Trump Epstein connections... 
Chris Hayes on Kobe Bryant's life and legacy 
A surprising percentage of Donald Trump's Republican base believes he's done illegal and unethical things. These voters, however, just don't seem to care. 
@breh_justin @who_____knows @6ixKingRyan @BassieM_ @ahleuwu "With jury selection under way, the criminal case was dropped late Wednesday by prosecutors who said the 20-year-old woman accusing Bryant of rape had decided not to participate." 
#Dumbass Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight | 
WH retains the option to exert executive privilege to block witnesses, including Bolton. Calls for witnesses -- led by Sen. Mitt Romney of Utah -- only got stronger. Vote likely on Friday on ... whether to open the trial up to new witnesses. 
#FidgetSpinners, sketching, books: How senators entertain themselves during Trump's #ImpeachmentTrial 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
"We're making it hard for you to say, 'I don't want to hear from these people, don't want to see these documents,'" Rep. Schiff said. "It's not our job to make it easier for you. It's our job to make it hard to deprive the American people of a fair trial." 
Mitt is still butt hurt. John Sununu says Mitt Romney is being influenced by his personal dislike for President Trump | 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
@BillKristol Trump’s attempt to Cheat in 2020 Election / Obstruction There are Legal Limitations on “Executive Privilege”. Flynn: The Abuses and Excesses of the “Rule of Law” Lawrence: The next POTUS can release All Information #GOPCoverup 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much | 
@matthewamiller @Morning_Joe All these people who had to look it up-how much simpler for you to have added the clip. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyers have already said several things that are "flat lies" or "just ignorant" 
@AliVelshi @ FULL VIDEO/AUDIO: #TakeHerOut audio and video from #LevParnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
Feinstein later explained she intentionally made conflicting statements so her Chinese spy limousine driver wouldn’t know which was true. 
@andeh18 @LahavHarkov There is now. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Michael%20Bennet%3A%20Trump%20has%20%E2%80%98utter%20contempt%20for%20Congress%E2%80%99 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change | 
Yo I'm on vacation from Infowars please watch instead #FishingForRobots #DesignThinking #Hockey #AI @SympathyRTs @GamingRTCentral @ShoutRTs #HealthyRecipes #Jobs #ServiceDesign #HillaryEmail #PHP @FlyRts #BigData #Economist #GiletsJaunes 
She Told the truth finally, they want to hurt Biden..."Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad 
fair, Fair, FAIR! @SenSchumer cries. If you want fair, and you want the Senate to fix the House's pitiful impeachment case, then the Republicans should get the same lopsided ratio of witnesses that the Dems had in the House. Just to be fair. 
The Question is.....Does @senatemajldr really want to block witnesses? Maybe the “Trick” is to allow specific witnesses that will destroy the Democrats! 
Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book was leaked from NSC "There's a giant cover-up among leading people in the WH" Schumer said. "If it was ever a shred of logic left to not hear witnesses+review documents, Bolton's book erased it." 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Here's 1 hour and 23 minutes of Trump having dinner and exchanging dialogue with a man he has been trying to claim he does not even know. Tell your senators to vote for a fair trial and then urge them to vote to #RemoveTrump here: 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump finds semi-official impeachment role for far-right GOP reps #SmartNews 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
@America_Israel1 @rayd1475 @conarrow @RichSementa @realDonaldTrump Gee, if it’s not accurate, why is Fox reporting several additional polls in same neighborhood? Is Fox now fake news too? Good to know. Tell Cult45. 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' . She’s the only hope the Dems have. It will be a massacre in November. 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
Wednesday's Mini-Report, 1.22.20 
@RachelBitecofer @JoyAnnReid @amjoyshow @RadioFreeTom @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @SteveChabot Agreed. It’s up on msnbc website. A master class for msm on how this should be done! 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries | 
They started lining up EARLY monday..Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Roy Moore sues conservative outlet for $40 million alleging 'fake news' 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Two thirds of the country agrees that the U.S. Senate should call new witnesses in Trump impeachment trial. If they don't, they'll be remembered as some of the sleaziest bad guys in U.S. history. 
What is wrong with people who elect these menaces! 
NEW: Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
2 in Nawlins, Detroit, Baltimore and St Louis.. Geezus ... 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
The GOP is following their corrupt leader, and LYING to US every day. The Republic is at stake. We are all in danger when our government lies to US on a daily basis. The Chief Justice should not allow this in his court. 
I was born in NJ to a NJ mother who was born to a NJ mother. We come out of the shute with a fire in our belly and love in our hearts ! Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
In addition to "take her out," Josh Lederman reveals more from the April, 2018 audio recording, particularly Trump asking donors how long Ukraine would last in a war with Russia. #TrumpIsGuilty #RemoveTrumpNow 
Those damn fact checkers, always uncovering the truth....Trump must hate that. #Resist #FactCheck #votebluenomatterwho #trumplies 
End this sh¡t 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
What we learned on day one of Trump impeachment trial arguments 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Where are the congressional hearings on Puerto Rico? 
Massive crowds form for President Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight. #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020. #TurnNewJerseyRed2020. #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver 
"Do you think the people of America are stupid, idiots, dumb?" We're not! You are all a confederacy of dunces defending Trump 
@RealStevenDM @HessRobert @BobBrigham @MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump Yes they did. I'm sure you won't read this but Mulvaney admits to quip pro quo: 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments Democrats didn’t hear a word the Trump legal team said!!! Their hatred towards Trump and the American people overwhelms their sense of hearing!!!!! 
@realDonaldTrump Intentional #lying in #Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Jay Sekulow calls leaked Bolton manuscript 'inadmissible' 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Rep. Val Demings: "We are going to continue to push for documents and witnesses ... What trial in America does not have witnesses and documents?" 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
You would think how these three got played in the Cavanaugh hearing would have taught them a lesson.... Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Key figure in Ukraine scandal: Trump 'lied,' knew about scheme 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight LET'S GET IN ON, THIS IS SHOW TIME. 
Brad Pitt wore a name tag to Oscars luncheon, sending social media into a frenzy 
Wow!! Very interesting. WB had dealings in all 3 investigations into Potus, including this impeachment!!!Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
#IMPEACHED45 Has No Problem Talkin Classified Info In Say WH Office To Russians Or At Mar-A-Lago With Elitist Buds But Classifies If Showin Any #IMPOTUS45 Guilt!! 
@MariaBartiromo @realDonaldTrump @SundayFutures @FoxNews @POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @RepRatcliffe @RepMarkMeadows @RepDougCollins Impeached trump’s own voice, “Take her out.” Who talks like that? 1930’s mob? 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | - 
"In reversal, @realDonaldTrump puts post-2020 'entitlement cuts' on the table: Ahead of the 2016 cycle, #Trump insisted he wouldn't cut @SocialSecurity @MedicareGov or @MedicaidGov. Ahead of the 2020 cycle, Trump's position is fundamentally different." 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch ⁦@AltNellGwyn⁩ 
President Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." @NicolleDWallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. 
@SickOfLies5 @realshawnjudd @SenatorWicker @realDonaldTrump 66 percent want witnesses. 51 percent want removal. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" AT TRUMP'S IMPEACHMENT TRIAL, TRUMP'S LAWYER, JAY SEKULOW, PROVIDED COMEDY RELIEF W/O MEANING TO. HE ALSO PROVED HE'S NO MATCH FOR BRILLIANT N ELOQUENT ADAM SCHIFF 
Yep, I do to !! #removetrump Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
Does anyone else find this incredibly disturbing? #oneofusiswrong 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
.@MTPFirstRead: Democrats hammer home impeachment case in an argument that's (finally) uninterrupted. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
I refuse to watch Fox news, but this headline pulled me into the article. Delicious!!! 😈 
Subscribe to 'So You Wanna Be President,' a new podcast from Chris Matthews 
@RepMarkMeadows @realDonaldTrump @RepLeeZeldin Retweeting Lee Zeldin? Good grief. Next thing you will be quoting @DevinNunes! 
Misogynistic Islam makes the news again... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Just like #Putin, #Kim Jung &amp; #Maduro. 
A question hanging over the impeachment trial: if compelling evidence falls in a GOP-led Senate, and Republicans don't want to consider it, does it really make a sound? 
"Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight" #tcot #kag 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' Brilliant Ari💥 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
What is democratic socialism? 
House releases new evidence that show texts between Lev Parnas, Devin Nunes staffer 
Rep. Van Drew to join Trump at NJ rally after switching to Republican Party #KAG #NewJersey 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
'Black ledger’ shows payments to Manafort from pro-Russia Ukraine 
This is not anti-Semitic Rashida Tlaib says so. 
As the Missouri senator apparently sees it, GOP senators aren't taking their oaths or responsibilities too seriously; they're simply going through the motions and pretending to care about the impeachment proceedings. #SenateCoverup 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves. BOLTON'S BOOK IS SOUR GRAPES. #DEMS WILL CONTINUE SETTING DANGEROUS PRECEDENTS IN THIS COUNTRY IF VOTED IN TO REMAIN HOUSE MAJORITY. BEWARE! 
Yep so those people that voted for him are most of the main ones that's going to get hit 
Finally someone using their brain. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Anyone who stands up against Trump is fair game for the corrupt GOP. #RESIST #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #GOPTraitors #TrumpIsCorrupt #TrumpIsGuilty 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
MSNBC’s Chris Matthews suggests Bernie Sanders wouldn’t stop his car to help an injured person 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Fmr. @clairecmc excoriates Sen. Marsha Blackburn for her criticism of Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman saying, "Don't you lecture anybody about how patriotic a veteran like Vindman is..." #11thHour 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script (@marisa_schultz / ) 
I'm traveling to the forest please ingest also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #GoGoCosplay @SympathyRTs @MightyRTs #HealthyRecipes @ShoutRTs #Eventi @DripRT #TrenRoca @FearRTs @LaZy_RTs #ServiceDesign @SSS_Retweets #Freebies #Pittsburgh 
Angus King on #BriberyTrump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
As Donald Trump's Senate impeachment trial gets underway, he'd love to have the American public behind him. But that's clearly not the case. 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight the Appawesome 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says | 
A #wildfire sparked by military helicopter helping firefighting efforts was out of control and threatening homes on outskirts of #Canberra on Tuesday. The fire had spread over 8,000 hectares (19,000 acres). #Australia 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
As Trump's impeachment trial really kicks off in the Senate, there are a lot of questions surrounding his attorney general. #11thHour 
Talk about indefensible.... disgusting Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
That is something...Well, take the invitation from old collegues... Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees [Tom Perez named former Rep. Barney Frank a Hillary Clinton surrogate &amp; Johnny oh boy Podesta her failed fraudster campaign guru. Frankly, when will this pair go away?] PC 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law wth...??? 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says | 
Why is my state in the news for this? @WVGovernor @WVGOP how can you invite VA counties to secede bc the VA GOP let their state go blue? Last I checked WV has it’s own issues that adding more counties would just make worse including a do nothing GOP 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize You dint have any standards ! 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight Go Trump Go👍🇺🇸!!! My NJ friends support you🤗🤗🤗#Trump2020NowMoreThanEver ❤️🇺🇸👍❤️🇺🇸👍❤️🇺🇸👍 
@realDonaldTrump But even if scientists do successfully develop a vaccine, it might not be ready in time to treat this outbreak. But I'm not going to die of it. I will save the rest of my life for Trump. 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" UGLY SOB 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’. "This leak was designed for one purpose and one purpose only. That was to try to manipulate the thinking of my Rep. colleagues in the Senate...” 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@HillaryClinton @Vegalteno @Lin_Manuel Hey Hillary, will you be reviewing this film when it's released? 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case @maddow 
Lawsuit alleges private companies hired Taliban members for security One of my close friends whose son was killed in Afghanistan is involved in this. They were contacted by a DC law firm. #MAGAROLLERCOASTER #WWG1WGA #QAnon #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
From Discover on Google 
Puerto Rico shocked by magnitude 5.9 earthquake causing further damage to island 
Schumer panned Clinton impeachment testimony as ‘theater,’ now seeks 4 witnesses in Trump trial 
@MakeHumaneAgain @Joyce_Karam Bing: Nearly 80,000 immigrants approved for DACA have arrest records, USCIS report finds | 
TOM BRADY.... A CLASS ACT! 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede..THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WITH A DEMTURD ELECTION 💩 
Yup. This is just about right. And I'm neither Boomer nor Millennial/Z. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
@domino_sidney #AlanDershowitz defense of Pres Trump was during primetime which we all know was on purpose by his def team to reach max viewers CHOSE NOT to air! "We'll dip in live if anything newsworthy happens" ~Tucker Carlson 2/28/20 full episode 
@IvankaTrump CNN-"Who's Laughing Now?" 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
As the Superbowl approaches, a reminder that human trafficking is a 365-day problem, not one day. “We actually haven't seen a significant increase in reports to the National Human Trafficking Hotline around the Super Bowl or really any other large event." 
It's known as Great Power diplomacy, deploying economic/military strength as required. Over some thousand years few have learned how to do it. Their greatest risk: hubris. Those who remain true to their vision &amp; humble in its power can accomplish wonders. 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
This Day in History: Jan. 28 
@ThePubliusUSA This has NEVER been adequately explained. 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
Parnas only has HERESAY information. ZERO direct conversation 
Franklin #Graham, son of Bily, responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' #LGBTQ views Christian or not, it's hard to believe anyone would ever consider a 'Graham' to be prejudiced against anyone 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize.... she is a disgrace!!! 
Sen. Warren reflects on opening arguments from Pres. Trump's impeachment trial: "The president of the United States treated government like something that's just there to help him and his buddies." 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
@CBCVancouver How about some reporting on this!!!!!!!!!! 
Politics Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
@realDonaldTrump Attention: 51% of the citizens want you removed. Joe fact checks Trump's Davos news conference 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
"Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation ALL WORKING ON BEHALF OF BILL GATES AND HIS DEPOPULATION AGENDA. 
@RepMarkMeadows What does he mean when he say "TAKE HER OUT, DO IT" 
.@costareports joins @AriMelber to discuss report that GOP Sen. Toomey is "floating" a witness swap involving John Bolton and Hunter Biden. Costa adds that Democrats have "balked" at such a proposal. 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham Get him out he on the take just like the rest actually Trump has brought the swamp to the federal government they are all on a money grab 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
How dangerous could John Bolton possibly be for Trump? 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
So the all knowing all mighty, #Progressive #Democratic Party that touted such a diverse group of some 20 candidates has now come down to 2 entrenched, over 70, white, males. Imagine that 
From the archives: June 28, 2018. "What is Democratic Socialism" 
@cnnbrk Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Little Don “ lemonade” Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Best recruiter for Donald J Trump reelection in 2020!!!! 
Barbara Boxer: Trump's legal team seems unprepared. 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor Poor ol KENNY! ...All Trumps Attorneys looked PITIFUL Today! 
Scientists move Doomsday Clock closer to midnight 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Oscar Mayer now hiring Wienermobile drivers for 2020 class 
Mississippi police department using shelter to build relationships, get dogs adopted 
“I know it’s hard to believe that. But I really am [undecided]. But I have not made a final decision. Every day, I hear something, I think ‘this is compelling, that’s compelling,’” Manchin said. GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Sen Roy Blunt blabbed too much GOP strategy in the impeachment trial: “Why bother with witnesses when there will never be 67 votes to convict anyway?” That may be true. But Americans want to hear the evidence anyway before the 2020 election. #OneVoice1 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Supreme Court likely to allow public funding for religious schools 
Barbaric, uncivilized, and inconsistent with American standards of justice and fairness. At least America under Republicans. Not so sure about democrats... 
“We have evidence here that President Trump is aware of the fact that Ukraine very much needs American military assistance,” says Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, of audio appearing to show Trump asking Parnas about the value of U.S. aid to Ukraine. 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump lauds 'courageous' party-switcher Jeff Van Drew at South Jersey rally: He had enough of Democrats' socialism 
🚨CORONAVIRUS🚨 in the US🚨 😡Stay in China😡 ⁦@GregGutfeldShow⁩ ⁦@greggutfeld⁩ You said this🤬⁦ What the hell? ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Corruption? In Nancy's district? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ #democratsarecorrupt 
Hopefully there will b 4 Republicans that will vote 4 witnesses this week 
Part of the problem is that far-right Republicans, including Marsha Blackburn, are again trying to smear Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, a decorated war hero. The other part of the problem is why they're trying to smear him. 
WATCH: House Democrats to wrap up their opening statements today 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 🤔 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@anderson46n2 @Arthur_Klein1 @Mark_Alhadeff @IlhanMN This woman sits on the intelligence committee Expert on Syria Wall Street journal article. 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters /r/politics 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Russian Republican Trumper Traitors!!! 
John Sununu calls out Mitt @SenatorRomney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' 
America's top 5 deadliest cities All Democratic Ran Except Missouri Shared But Look Where The Crime Is In Missouri?? Democrats Known As SLUMLORDS Destroy Your City Or State High Crime Rates 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine This is the shallow behavior of bully boys...the @potus admin. is full of 'em: spoiled privileged figuratively &amp; literally fat inconsiderate consumers of Earth: resources &amp; people. 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Here we go... the witness the demwits did not question. I’d say 100%, I’d believe AG Barr before I’d believe fired liar John Bolton DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been Tucker Carlson is so right! John Bolton has always been a snake &amp; war monger. Trump was right to get rid of him. Now Bolton wants revenge. 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Team Trump: Presidents can't be impeached for abuses of power 
"On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument" - 
@realDonaldTrump A WORLD UNITED IS A BEAUTIFUL THING. People are inherently good. We stand TOGETHER. Barr on the Broad Scope of Durham's Investigation 18 Dec 2019 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Rutgers University names its first black president in 253-year history 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Schumer: We have a reasonable chance at witnesses, documents 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
The race for the #galaxy has not found its true winner yet. The propaganda and struggle for power still resides within the challenges proposed by #outerspace 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump No ... That was #LevParnasAudio 😂😂😂😂 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Challenger explosion among the deadliest space disasters @21stScience #News 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters ⁦@donlemon⁩ the genie is out of the bottle can’t take it back. Role the tape can’t hide from the video. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Joe Biden says he was 'embarrassed' for the Senate 
Fair &amp; correct comment from GEN Clarke @USSOCOM “We have a ‘can do’ culture with a bias toward action.” This is “part of what makes us great,” he said, but sometimes it goes too far. #miltwitter #greenberettwitter #softwitter 
Kelly told an audience: "John's an honest guy. He's a man of integrity and great character ... If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton." 
The biggest Senate moments from last week. @JoyceWhiteVance @AymanM @yasminv 
Boom 💥 There’s a huge base of supporters in NJ, &amp; those who traveled to NJ to attend. I met so many patriots from all different states @ Hershey,PA Rally. Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
August 2019: Trump administration cracks down on legal immigrants receiving public assistance @nbcnews 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
@RepMarkMeadows It's clear that @realDonaldTrump is playing Dictator &amp; not releasing witnesses or documents to his EQUAL PARTNER, Congress. He bragged about having the material. He typically rats on himself. 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; vehicle did not have terrain warning system: NTSB | So sad 😞 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
#MeToo - Why so quiet? Your movement has zero credibility if you don’t pursue this with the same vigor and aggression you did with Matt Lauer and Justice Kavanaugh. Or does this not fit your narrative because it’s man on man assault accusations? 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Trump lied to his supporters and they just don’t care "In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
#HouseManagers brought receipts, asked for payment: #Wiley #News #GOP #Trump #Republicans #TrumpLies #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #Senate #Trial #ImpeachmentTrial #House 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
@HeidiNBC @RepLeeZeldin @NBCPolitics @RepStefanik @RepMikeJohnson Heidi, you are the reason you News channel SUCKS!! Take note 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
“We are contending. He’s unstoppable, like someone else I know," VP Pence tells Israeli PM Netanyahu. 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyers have already said several things that are "flat lies" or "just ignorant" 
Yay! We'll miss you in the house tho! 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
@MarkusW77550584 @TheDailyEdge @realDonaldTrump Trump's Fmr. WH Chief Of Staff John Kelly says he believes John Bolton on #UkraineExtortion "drug deal" 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
WATCH: Chris Hayes discusses the life and times of basketball legend Kobe Bryant. #inners 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' | Shouldn’t this be the call of the Surgeon General? Talk about abuse of power! Let’s really distract from the DemocRATS on Trial! 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday 
Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Don Lemon questions Donald Trump's mental fitness | 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump ***Thank you Senator McCaskill. I expressed those same words yesterday to Senator Marsha Blackburn.*** 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
@RandPaul .... I’d give money to see @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump and @IvankaTrump sue @SenSchumer ... and open up their corrupt “business”? Unlikely Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@TheRealSkiba @joerogan clueless, clueless. 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment' 
Grammys: Demi Lovato returns to the stage for the first time since overdose with emotional performance 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
@HarrietBaldwin Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script This is ridiculous from our gop senators. We want you to stand united. Get in line 
House managers brought receipts, asked for payment: Wiley 
Trump’s lawyer is a #Liar also 
@realDonaldTrump You have blocked all the witnesses. #AmericansDemandWitnesses Mulvaney, Bolton, Giuliani and Trump under oath !!! 
From Discover on Google McCaskill go to hel" 
: Trump's spiritual adviser says her prayer was taken 'out of context for political gain'. @GoogleNews 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
@JohnBen30549105 @VoiceOfReasonNW @Freedom4Red4 @00dagger00 @GlennFolse14 @HTWells3 @LadyofFe @Bobcat8403 @rpool @mother_american @Chlanandria @BellaBe11395785 @MikeBatkins @dbeenau @specialistgi @RobyJake @bbusa617 @WickedVfl @nightingalern @permie1 @Snack8671 @Luke4Tech @Lori_J_Drabek @peterpanspad @BunnanaKatana @CPBacon4CO @AmericaIsBack3 @RepLoudermilk @Alyssa_Milano @Maximus_4EVR @AdamSchiff @PrisonPlanet @secretstranger9 @Breaking911 @thecjpearson Talk about some BS..... 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" 
Plan B? Geez! Give it up aready! Let this innocent man alone, and do some real congressional work! @SpeakerPelosi 
@davidfrum @JoeNBC Well here is only more trump Ian for you 
Yes the ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ corruption &amp; selling out of USA law will be complete —&gt; Making the case against witnesses, GOP's Blunt says a bit too much | 
'Roughest' KFC installs fence between counter and customers for employee safety #SmartNews really😫😫😫 
WATCH: @SteveKornacki breaks down the latest polls in Iowa and New Hampshire, where Sen. Sanders is leading in both states. 
"its the economy Stupid"! DemRATS fear 2020, and they have good reason. Four more years of Trump. Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
This is a very good plan and should be supported by all countries involved. JLN 
"Nikki and Brie Bella are pregnant and due less than two weeks apart: 'We both are shocked'" FOX NEWS 
Robert Ray: It's time to trust in the senators, abide by their wisdom 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang: #Yang2020 #AmericaNeedsYang 
@realDonaldTrump 80% Donny 
As evidenced daily,Biden is simply “unable to connect the dots”. Unfortunate for him. Fortunate for our beloved Constitutional Republic&amp;her proud USA patriots❤️🇺🇸💙 Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court - - 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
“We’ve slipped back to the #JimCrow era” on voter #suppression #voting #VotingRights #ados 
Last GOPers defense. Doesn't matter what Trump does. Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
"Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump Trump defends move to block impeachment testimony, says he ... 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight | 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' @SenSchumer is the epitome of the slimy lying pathetic POS politician. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@billmaher Well that makes you the Limbaugh of the Left 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Experts reject Trump lawyer Dershowitz's claim abuse of power isn't impeachable 
Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members 
.@realDonaldTrump, ICYMI: Another vindication for Clinton as probe reportedly hits dead end 
DECLARING THE END OF ESAU'S TIME ON THE PLANET. WE DECLARE IN PRAYER TO ETERNAL LIFE FORCE ENERGY THE ETHERS REBUKE OF ESAU SEEDS. 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Icy air ahead as winter storm threatens to hit half the country 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Study determines each state's most searched snack ahead of the Super Bowl 
Democrats vow to impeach Trump again if he's acquitted 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out 
GOP senator on Trump: 'We knew what we were getting' 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@dcexaminer @OhioNewsBureau @IowaNewspaper @seanhannity @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @ap @Reuters #WalkAway #BLEXIT @realDonaldTrump Mr Bolton was your desire to be a part of Trump's WH just a ploy to try destroy the GOP? The country? Is YOUR book worth it? 
Puppy store investigated after 'concerning' video suggests puppies were drugged 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ IF CONGRESS LENDED CREDIBILITY TO EVERYONE WHO OFFERS THEIR OPINIONS &amp; PUT THEM ON THE WITTINESS STAND, THE IMPEACHMENT HEARING WOULD LAST FOREVER. TIME TO MOVE ON !!! 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo Democrats' impeachment case fails on the facts and the law. 
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @GOP @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr @TheDemocrats @cnnbrk @foxnewsalert @foxnation THE WEIGHT OF TRUTH AND USA 🇺🇸 FUTURE WEIGHS HEAVY ON THE GOP NOW! LETS HOPE THEY ARE STRONG ENOUGH TO DO THE RIGHT THING-MORALITY!! 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza ....while Democrats hold our country HOSTAGE with impeachment crap! 
'X-files' of UFO sightings over United Kingdom to be released for the first time #SmartNews 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" @ChuckGrassley, @SenatorJoniErnst 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing... 
Michelle Carter, convicted in texting suicide case, released from jail 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
@a_centrism Providing health insurance to illegal immigrants could cost up to $23 billion a year, study finds. 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial 'if they're not gonna protect the Constitution' #IACaucuc #FITN 
'Toxic mess': Clash at impeachment trial over what Trump knew 
#HA..San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"The plan also includes a map of a contiguous Palestinian state in the West Bank, with a proposed tunnel to connect the West Bank and Gaza strip." 
@IlhanMN @JacksonLeeTX18 @AdamSchiff @SpeakerPelosi @gavinnewsom @SenSchumer @joebiden @RashidaTlaib @GOP @DNC @SenFeinstein @HillaryClinton student of demochit corruption 101 taught by gavin newsom, kamala harris, feinstein, pelosi, &amp; boxer arrested 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch #TrumpCrimeSyndicate 
@SenWhitehouse says @AlanDersh impeachment argument was embarrassing. After you received a Juris Doctor in 1982, did you ever get a real job except going in politics? Dershowitz had multiple real cases what do you have? Impeachment coup &amp; Bolton's drugdeal? 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins Get his fat lying ass on the witness stand 
President candidate touches and tries to intimidate a member of his own party! Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Democrats lay out case for removing President Trump 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
LISTEN: TODAY 3:05pmET @Project21News's Deroy Murdock on @anniefreyshow @971FMTalk discussing #ImpeachmentDay #ImpeachmentTrials #Ukraine 
Perfect! Put on the stand liar Schiff, Hunter &amp; Joe Biden, the “so-called” whistle blower, and the IG! I want to here from them all. The ⁦Presidents Defense and GOP⁩ needs to drill them! #ImpeachmentTrial 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children What drug problem 
Sen. Durbin: If no witnesses under oath, it isn’t a trial 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ I thought shiffty Shiff was as dumb as a rock. Hey Matthew, what do think we expect from a leftwing fake news reporter. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ investigating . This is very important get it stopped . 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment'" 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought. 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
FINALLY a political so called reps tells the TRUTH. 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Newt Gingrich: Ocasio-Cortez is vicious, cruel and dishonest – And determined to destroy the America we know | 
Doug Perez on being an American in Wuhan, China in the middle of the coronavirus outbreak San Francisco native Doug Perez on turning down a flight offered by the U.S. State Department to stay with his Chinese girlfriend. 
Parnas part 2 of interview. Said he is doing it co's he is afraid of Barr and thinks he is safer telling all now 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Kobe Bryant dead: Teens post disturbing TikTok video that appears to mimic late NBA legend #SmartNews 
Hey Patriots...let's take over this poll. Vote and retweet! 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
#BreakingNews: British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
◇ Queen + Adam Lambert perform 'Somebody to Love' - 
THIS IS THE REAL #FutureShock THESE PEOPLE LIVE EVERYDAY. WHY DOSNT #DeepStatePelosi Tour these areas, Where's #TheCowardlySquad? PROVES they never will give a damn. &gt; San Francisco store owner describes horror of doing business in 'American Dystopia' 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
"prayers opening town board meetings did not violate the Constitution, even if the individual giving the invocation plainly favors one religion over others." 
We have to #voteblue in 2020. #Schiff #Trump #impeach 
Tim Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
Go Burnie!!! 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Ken-Starr (n.) greek origin. Hypocritical. Bias. “The “Ken-Starr defense was Trump’s last hope.” #Starr 
There was virtually no coverage of a second attack on the US embassy in Baghdad Iraq. Several people in a base cafeteria were injured. 
Trump lawyers, GOP allies work to ensure Bolton from testifying 
Dems need to learn how to fight like this!! #VoteBlueNoMatterWho2020 
U.S. Senate candidate for #SouthCarolina @harrisonjaime on #LindseyGraham  ‘People ask me each and every day: what has happened to Lindsey Graham?” @amjoyshow 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism 
@Carpediem4989 @grimm_resist The Bag Man. 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
"Overcoming the challenge of up-is-down, day-is-night politics" 
@aseitzwald The author of Clinton Cash on how Bernie made Jane rich #NepotismBarbie 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Jimmy Kimmel honors Kobe Bryant, performs without audience because ‘a comedy show didn’t feel right’ – Fox News 
@realDonaldTrump Rut-roh - and this is coming from your favorite DJT "news" organization: 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
#MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN2020 Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' COWARDS! Go down in History as the Benedict Arnolds of 2020..... 
Go Team Cholesterol‼️ 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas | 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Don Lemon's assault accuser says CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
This is why my motto is, “Believe none of what you hear, half of what you see, and all of what you know.” Is this not the exposure of a blatant lie to the American people!? 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Don Lemon backpedaling badly. “I didn’t catch everything that was said” while wiping fake laughing tears at everything being said. 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
Sen. Blumenthal: ‘Proof is overwhelming’ that Trump 'corruptly abused his office' 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves @outnumberedfnc @sarahpalinusa 
Bring on The Biden’s. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
start to listen at 39 minute mark to 43 minutes 
"Tuesday's Mini-Report, 1.28.20" 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Trump maintains strong approval ratings with GOP ahead of 2020 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary The Chinese government does not want anyone to know the magnitude of this disease it’s killing thousands and thousands of people 
North Dakota State football team to return to White House 
It’s absolutely hilarious CNN continues to self destruct! Can’t wait until they out of business! Heard Don the Lemon is getting sued too! Haha! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@donlemon⁩ Gainor – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Don’t forget the North of New Jersey supporters! Keep America Great! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
THE ORANGE NIGHTMARE appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Paul Batura: Trump revives Mount Rushmore's July 4 celebration — and the use of common sense 
Trump Lies. When He Gets Caught Lying, He Lies Some More. Then He Play The Victim. Complains That The Press is Out to Get Him. JUST STOP LYING. 
.@AriMelber argues Ken Starr's defense of President Trump is "a disaster for Republicans. A total, unmitigated, legal, and constitutional disaster." 
Then don’t let anybody from there into country! China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #SmartNews 
@AOC Its not the taxpayers responsibility to pay for every Tom, Dick and Juan from other countries to be here illegally!! You want it, you pay for it! AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule... 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@funder @SawyerJerry Could this be a good sign? 
@Chemungcoexec any reason why Chemung county can’t do this with PA? 
Who is Michigan Democratic Governor Gretchen Whitmer? #AAG #AAG2020 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
"The Michigan GOP's spying operation: an exclusive report" 
The Des Moines Register executive editor on why it endorsed Warren. #Warren2020 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff 
on vacation from Infowars so watch instead #FishingForRobots #BigData #Freebies #Hunting #Freebies #AmReading #BigData #Freebies #Freebies #BigData #Hockey #Jobs #FreeCalifornia #AI #Anonymous #GreenNewDeal #Hockey #HillaryEmail 
This is absolutely explosive. "Whistleblower" has tried this on Trump before...must watch! Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John #Bolton' 
@KSPBHenri @John87733662 @JonahDispatch This is a good, quick video to hopefully dispel your misunderstanding. He's not a communist by any stretch. What is democratic socialism? 
@tedcruz Maybe you missed this you sellout: #WitnessesAndDocuments 
Let us recognize how far we’ve come in the conversations on sexual assault. Would this self-exoneration be capable of happening today? 2015 article: Sexual assault allegations cast shadow over Kobe Bryant legacy 
Pence chief of staff makes unprompted statement on Ukraine scheme 
NFL tightens social media security after hackers launch pre-Super Bowl attack 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Tell me again about tolerance &amp; understanding? The same mind set that attacks groups of people based on color, religion and sex is SUPPORTED by Demoncrats &amp; Liberals. WHY? 
Live audio over 1 hour Parnes &amp; Trump #ParasForTheFinale 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt WHAT A JOKE!! REPUBLICANS CANT EVEN STICK TOGETHER ON THIS!! GOTTA BE FRICKING KIDDING ME!!HERE WE GO MORE WASTED TIME PURSUING THIS JOKE ON US. 
Hey America Yo corrupt POTUS is not only a treasonous mfr he’s a mobster, putting hits out, wait a minute didn’t y’all know of this already? #NotMyPresident #StupidCriminalBullDogInChief belongs in straightjacket behind bars, with Barr 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
It might suggest that if someone in the room had the authority to carry it out; otherwise it means a hit. 
SITUATION SWEDEN: "73 percent suspected for murder and manslaughter were migrants" and of remaining 27 percent most had migrant family/background? #MAGA #MSGA 
#McConnell balks #AtRisk of #extending #impeachment #proceedings #News #GOP #Trump #Republicans #TrumpLies #TrumpImpeachment #Senate #Trial #ImpeachmentTrial #House #MitchMcConnell #PaidOff #Corruption 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump ⁦@AltNellGwyn⁩ 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight Trump 2020! 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Can't wait to watch this bold, ambitious series from my friend @andrewzimmern &amp; the team at @in2itivecontent. What's Eating America: A New Limited Series on w/ Andrew Zimmern 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Washington Post awards Adam Schiff ‘Four Pinocchios’ for false comments about whistleblower 
From - GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source/ I Guess I Don't Understand Why The Senate Doesn't Want To Subpoena Witnesses. 
Money from Russia and chicks for free Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
Does presidl candidate nomination process benefit Media/dark money 503c3’s more than the voting public? With 24hr news-instant digital dlvy, is it time to reduce campaign time, availing a better spectrum of candidates than millionaire career politicians. 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan 
Hey @TheDemocrats when are you going to tackle the Antisemitic people in your own caucus...you have a serious problem in your party Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' #CNN #MSNBC 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
He's basically confessing to illegal activities by saying that he has all the evidence to show his guilt !!! Not too smart on his part..... duh ???!!! 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
@tedcruz What about YOUR connection to RUSSIA??? #GOPCoverup #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | Heaven help us👆🏽🙏🏽☝🏽 
The fix is in. #FeeltheBernPartDeux 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
We must make sure THIS barbarity is NEVER allowed in America!! (Whitewashing Sharia by having a female “deal the lash that breaks the skin” is pure deception.) Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
John McCain Swamp Creatures America we must remove them from Congress. Globalist Deepstate 
⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@NRSC⁩ ⁦@SenateFloor⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@HouseGOP⁩ ⁦@HouseFloor⁩ ⁦⁦⁦@SenatePress⁩ The future of our Democracy is in your hands! Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Typical pack Behavior p on the dog next to you and try and get ahead of all the dogs so you can be the big dogs at the big dog already bit a chunk out of... 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran 
Schiff: Trump defense forced to fall back on 'So what?' 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Selon : Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@chrislhayes Game.Set.Match "Well Said" 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Women want access to reproductive health care, they want their kids to be able to go with them to Walmart and to school without getting gunned down, &amp; they want their kids to be able to have unpolluted air &amp; water Poll: Trump losing support among women 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Longtime Bolton confidant: 'Heads should roll' if bombshell book manuscript was leaked from NSC #SmartNews 
Predictable...All started 3yrs ago 
There's a record-breaking 70-layer dip... and The Rock is probably not happy: 
Sandy Hook denier arrested in Florida, accused of tormenting victim’s families, sharing ID info of parent 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution! 
Deep State believes the Deep State. Didn't see that one coming. John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump | 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt BE CAREFUL WITH YOUR WISHES DEMOCRATS!! There will be hell to pay! 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Senator Blunt gives away the GOP game: All witness testimony to date has only strengthened the case against Mr. Trump, but Republicans will not vote to convict him under any circumstances. By his definition no witness could possibly change the outcome. 
Lock them Up How Rudy Giuliani dragged Trump to impeachment 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
@MarshaBlackburn @SenateFloor Republicans have no defense for Trump's impeachable crimes so you stoop to attacking a decorated war hero?! As pathetically infantile as the man for whom you are orchestrating a coverup! #SHAMELESS 
Rep. Demings: ‘Take her out’ line usually comes from mobsters 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
@4evanyr What is happening??🤯I’m off Twitter working all day, and come back to Feinstein acquitting &amp; this?🤯 McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@rayd1475 @America_Israel1 @conarrow @RichSementa @realDonaldTrump Fox had some. Would they report if they weren’t accurate? Cult45 is do used to being lied to they have no reference to facts. Nor do they care. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Sean Hannity: Trump defense team ripped Dems' case 'to pieces' on day two of their opening arguments 
Biden hits Trump where it hurts, labels him a global 'laughing stock' 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags YES..he DOES. Because he's ONE of them. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Dumbshit Trump finds semi-official impeachment role for far-right GOP reps 
@realDonaldTrump Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor. 
@FormerGIJoe @LOUISlANIMAL @Breakthecycle2 @Alyssa_Milano Again. This. Is. Not. How. Any. Trial. Works. Also what changed? 🤓 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested What’s going on in San Francisco? The head of public works is a convicted felon. 
.Joe Scarborough says Rep. Schiff's speech was a "virtuoso performance" yesterday during opening arguments at the Senate impeachment trial. 
So abusive.....”Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House” 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
The CDC informed peo if its decision to divert the flight. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Schumer on Trump defense team: 'Their whole argument is diversion' 
Memo to Trump: ‘You can dish it, but can’t take it’ 
Florida van rolls over several times during police chase, woman arrested 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Washington Post reporter suspended over KB tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Trump it's under the impression that he can do whatever he wants as president! Great video clip from The Rachel Maddow Show! A definite must-see!👍😳🤮🤬 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@MSNBC @costareports @AriMelber Democrats don’t want the Biden’s to be questioned. Ben Shapiro: Dems are willing to watch Senate impeachment trial 'go down in flames' to protect Hunter Biden 
What a knothead #ksleg Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
Brooklyn woman charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic Hanukkah attacks: MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
President Jimmy Carter's impeachment advice to Trump: 'Tell the truth...for a change'' @nbcnews #mepolitics #nhpolitics #vtpoli #mapoli #netde #ncpol #sctweets #flapol #alpolitics #TXpolitics #colpolitics #wiunion #wipolitics #RightMatters 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s #NewJerseyRally 
United cancels flights to and from China as CDC steps up coronavirus screenings 
Treasure life and be grateful by the minute. Just because we plan to go somewhere does not mean we will get there. We have our plans and then there is the Divine plan. Soar the galaxies Cosmic Captains. We love you and we will miss you forever! 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
Ahead of the 2016 elections, Donald Trump insisted he wouldn't cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Ahead of the 2020 elections, he's saying ... something very different. 
Bernie rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich (w/video). Schweizer➛ #vt #vtpoli ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
While the President does the work for World peace and tranquility in America and worldwide, we have a group of "malcontents" intent on tearing apart this GREAT MANS work and Presidency. THIS MUST STOP NOW👇🏼 Trump unveils ME plan with two-state solution 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' This IS the Contagion movie. 
The rock-star tour continues. ... Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@ — The world was ending backstage in a theatre. The clown came out to warn the public ; they thought it was a joke and applauded. #kierkegaard an unavoidable choice between two alternatives. "you can give him an ultimatum—an either/or" 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@MyBrothers111 @lainski3 @SSG_PAIN Here’s the latest on the flight from China 🇨🇳. If it’s the same one : Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base Explore the apps that are right for you at 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
@realDonaldTrump looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
@JennaEllisEsq He still thinks we’re stupid but if it any consolation, he also still thinks he’s a journalist. #FakeNewsCNN #FakeNewsMedia 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@chirgbirg @malinasundeity @joerogan Even , the Bernie hating network has quite a good take on Democratic socialism. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump mistakes himself for Dem. candidate 
Venezuelans regret #gun #ban, 'a declaration of war against an unarmed population' | 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
#Bernie2020 base is mostly sexist white men who harass people on twitter. Reminder that the term #berniebro infers erasure toward women and PoC despite how you think the term has evolved... 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law The first rulers that got converted to Islam got to have multiple wives, and the women got whipping! Great deal! #Feminism @lsarsour #trump2020 
#BernieSanders is now leading nationally among non-white voters. #Bernie2020 #Bernie 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | Shocking. 
Remember this? Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia "there was Alabama’s Richard Shelby, traveling to Moscow and signaling weakness, reluctant to make accusations about “this or that or so forth.” 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@SenatorRomney @MittRomney See there are recordings and more will be disclosed on which side of history you be ? Get RID of her! Oh boy... 
Sessions on Bolton book: We don't have enough discipline, respect in our government 
@realDonaldTrump tRump is adding alligators and crocodiles to the SWAMP he created and lied to his USEFUL IDIOTS 
@realDonaldTrump You're an idiot! 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Lawrence O’Donnell: Trump defense team ‘don’t have facts to argue’ #RightMatters #ImpeachmentTrial 
@MarshaBlackburn New polls show the majority of Americans are sick of Trump and his corruption! We are angry and have had enough! #GOPCorruptionOverCountry 
@SenJoniErnst You lay down with dogs, you get up with fleas. 
@TeamTrump @parscale @ This was 22 days ahead of the last election. They really get it right each time, don't they? 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
"Did you hear THE CONWAY WEST SONG, mom?" Trump female TX-oil dinner guest at 34:00 timestamp. Parnas at 38:30 #LevParnas @maddow @lawrence @arimelber @deadlinewh @chrislhayes @ac360 @halliejackson @joyannreid @newyorktimes @vox @thedailybeast 
Sanders to be targeted in Dem super PAC ad citing recent heart attack 
@BreitbartNews @MailOnline @WashTimes @SCMPNews @SputnikInt @Yahoo @GreenwichTime @HongKongFP @googlenews @DailyCaller @gatewaypundit @AJENews @intellihubnews @DaisyLuther @coindesk @YouTube Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says - 
Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
# - @BernieSanders takes lead with non-white voters. #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs #PresidentSanders 
2018 recording of Mr. Trump talking with Lev Parnas discussing the US's military aid value to Ukraine. Trump asked Parnas how long would Ukraine last against Russia without the aid Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
"Plan B" Variant - If #Democrats seek to call #Bolton, Republicans might seek to question Hunter Biden, or Adam #Schiff over his panel's contacts with the whistleblower. 
Correct me if I'm wrong: The arrogant and ever-expanding @TuckerCarlson (net worth $20 million) never laid these type of criticisms on Bolton when Trump appointed him. But because Bolton told the truth in his book, Trump's big guns are taking aim at him. 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
destroy the poor, make them slaves, make them sick, take away their healthcare... who the HELL is voting for these GOP monsters? 
Bernie Sanders is Number 1 with non-white voters! 
Israeli exchanges 1000 terrorists for 1 Israeli soldier years ago. Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan | 
@itaisher It's too late. 
Bernie supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Democrat convention committees. #DemDivision 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
#WOW..Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt | 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
If the Senate calls John Bolton in this farce trial, the RINOs better start packing. .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump .@SenateGOP #PatriotsAwakened #FlynnFighters #WWG1WGA #AdjunctProfessr 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
NYTimes reports that Bolton has written in his unpublished book that President Trump personally tied aid to Ukraine to investigating Democrats, including the Bidens. Michael Schmidt speaks with @Kasie about his new reporting tonight. 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
#IntentionalLying in #SenateTrial puts #lawyers' #licenses #AtRisk #News #GOP #Trump #Republicans #Intentional #Lying #TrumpLies #Impeachment #TrumpImpeachment #Senate #Trial #ImpeachmentTrial 
Talk is CHEAP 
Surprising top 5 list... 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law . This is #TheFeralLeft #Fascist #Liberal #SocialistDem #Nazis @TheDemocrats #America. #WalkAway #VoteDemsOut 
From Discover on Google 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
US Senate candidate for SC Jaime Harrison takes on Lindsey Graham 
@PeteButtigieg Hey Pete, Wondering what you would do about this if you were President because Trump doesn't seem to care? 
For the Record: 
White House may assert executive privilege to block Bolton testimony, Republicans say 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
@BernieSanders @AOC Looks like you have done very well “trying” 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Should this surprise anyone? 
Shaq tearfully reacts to Kobe Bryant's passing: 'It's gonna be hard for me' 
@kimmydeenyc @SmooveTake @evanrachelwood The prosecution's own expert witness didn't think that there was physical evidence of a rape and contradicted the local doctors. You people need to read news articles about the case, not blog posts. 
US Supreme Court seemed prepared Wednesday to rule that states violate the US Constitution if they prevent religious schools from receiving some state benefits. - Pete Williams 
McCaskill: Given Trump kids and 'grift,' Trump team's attack on Bidens unbelievable 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
"The Palestinians are perhaps the only national independence movement in the modern era that has ever rejected a genuine offer of internationally recognized statehood." 
How are they doing? Let them speak. US military says 11 troops injured, treated for concussions after Iranian missile attack 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable | 
#ConfederacyOfDunces | Worth a re-watch and must-see-if-your-haven't—@MorningMika @Morning_Joe + panel FLAY the attorneys and their arguments in Trump's defense Monday 
He is so gross. He acts like he’s all cute and sexy or some other nonsense. 🤢 🤮Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Palestinians 'walking away from an extraordinary opportunity' if they reject Trump's Middle East plan 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics #CNN #MSNBC 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
#witnessesanddocumentsoritsacoverup Tennessee voters weigh in on Trump impeachment 
: Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza. @GoogleNews 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
“I’m not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican, and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.” - Candidate Trump 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling ,we want a fair trial, trump and GOP UNDER OATH by SCOTUS, to conduct fair honest brokers, swore on bible, liars all. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
East Africa locust infestation in #Kenya is worst in 70 years; affecting farms and food supply - 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that #Deplorables ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦⁦@CNN⁩ 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be CorrupTrump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch ?firing 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted... 
@Thanks to Captain Chaos in WH, ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ has to come up with a Plan B that is either a fake or an admission that he has been asleep at the wheel.. considering how phony ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ and ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ both are, it’s both 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad | January 22, 2020 #news 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Sen. Schumer says 10-12 Republican senators "are in play" to vote for witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial, saying they are senators who have "never said a negative word about witnesses and documents." 
@Hoosiers1986 @JETBaby56 @RepSwalwell @realDonaldTrump ABC News has now released part of the audio recording that appears to show Trump ordering the removal of Marie Yovanovitch. By saying "Take her out" to a man trump claimed he didn't know? 🤔 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews .@JoeNBC says Rep. Schiff's speech was a "virtuoso performance" yesterday during opening arguments at the Senate impeachment trial. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
@realDonaldTrump Off the rails!🤪 
Does the LGBTQ speak for everyone in the UK? Attendance is not mandatory folks. The loudest wheel gets the most grease...right? Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton' #Topbuzz 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 🤔...Anti-Liberal Sanctuaries 😎 
Andy Biggs: Trump's attorneys were 'devastating' to the Democrats' impeachment case 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Totally corrupt WH of #agentorange. @TheDemocrats @TheDemCoalition @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@realDonaldTrump BREAKING: NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
'Dersh-o-mania!': Laurence Tribe demolishes Trump lawyer's 'Wizard of Oz' impeachment defense 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Corruption. How shocking. 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Susan Collins: Bolton report strengthens case for witnesses @nbcnews 
.@MaddowBlog: Fearing John Bolton’s testimony, White House scrambles behind the scenes. 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner - @GoogleNews 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
King Abdullah must have this terrorist sent back to America for trial! Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' | 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 29 Jan 2020 - 01:06:00 am By David Aaro | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton's unpublished book? 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans @realDonaldTrump How is this possible? 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
BS. He knew exactly what he was laughing about. Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
The most cogent argument yet for Trump’s conviction in the Senate &amp; McConnell’s impeachment next: #JudgeAndrewNapolitano Trump's Senate impeachment trial -- What does it take to remove a president? #TrumpImpeachment #McConnellsCrimes 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump's deteriorating relationship with John Bolton 
From Discover on Google 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source END IT NOW!..IS THE JOB OF THE HOUSE TO CALL WITNESSES AND 2 GO 2 COURT BUT THEY FAILED 2 DO IT..THE SENATE DOES NOT HAVE TO DO IT FOR THEM 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
From Discover on Google 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ thinks he’s a dictator, get rid of her. You sir have disgraced this office and embarrassed this country. It’s time for America to listen to the entire interview. Most likely why ⁦@AmbJohnBolton⁩ called it a #drugdeal 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Would be nice if you guys at Fox actually aired it instead of just reporting it. 👇👇 Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Tucker Carlson asks why the media is ignoring more important stories in favor of impeachment trial 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@realDonaldTrump Where’s the middle class tax break you PROMISED I’d receive before the midterms? You’re full of 💩 Now you want to stick me with this! 
Breaking: GOP develops aggressive plan B if RINO's continue to waver on witnesses. 
I’M SURE ALL THE PEOPLE THEY ARE FLYING OUT OF CHINA ARE 100% CLEAR OF THE VIRUS. YOU CAN COUNT ON CHINA TO DO A THROUGH JOB. NO HALF A$$ SCREENINGS 👍🏼Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@JohnRBielski @Trillburne uhhh dude 
@realDonaldTrump Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede🔺Good for him for offering freedom loving Virginians a new home. I can get behind this kind of refugee resettlement! 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? AS A BUNCH OF ASS KISSERS!!! 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
“Senate Republicans -- including potential swing-voters -- expressed outrage Friday after...” 
.@NicolleDWallace lays out Rep. Adam Schiff’s strategy... but how will senators react? #11thHour 
Can't wait for #ShariaLaw in the US. #ReligionOfPeace Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Oh dear @LindseyGrahamSC I was so happy to watch your outpouring of💥reaction to 1st Day of Open Hearings. Your animation was so inspiring given #Trump simultaniously saying I have all the documents. @RepAdamSchiff has none. #CoverupCaucus @GOP #FoxNews 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves | 
@realDonaldTrump That’s a lie! Republicans called Morrison and Volker 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution 
@realDonaldTrump "Maine Independent Sen. Angus King notes that hearing the evidence against Trump in its totality lead him to realize the "powerful" case against the president." 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Hour 2 LISTEN HERE- Chris Matthews will be launching a new six episode podcast called "So You Wanna Be President?", premiering today on @ podcast Find where to listen here- @DougSprinthall @THP84 @hardball 
Love my @POTUS! ❤ 2SCJ ⚖ 2 Trade Deals 💰 2 More Years 💪 #KAG2020 🙏🇺🇸 Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
As always, @stevebenen has the most concise summary of the #shamtrial 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 LENINGRAD LINDSEY GRAHAM KKKRACKER IS A HYPOCRITE! 
I'm still planning how to spend my $6/month raise in 2020! 🤣 "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Coronavirus infection rate soars, death toll rises in China 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Blumenthal: McConnell's 'shameful' rules are a 'cover up' 
Schumer: Republicans 'don't want to hear the true facts' during impeachment 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
tbf, every one of the top five Democrats beats Trump. Buttigieg: Polls show I'm best to take on Trump 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
49ers' Jimmy Garoppolo reveals text from Tom Brady ahead of Super Bowl LIV 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law THIS is SHARIA LAW! @DNC 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
I was listening to this in the car. OMG, it was so funny! His comments on poor irony. Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Saudi Arabia backs President Trump’s plan for peace in the Middle East 
#Bernie is a candidate who’s policies can create a better life for every American; regardless of #ethnicity , #gender , #religion or #sexualorientation. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law This country is an islamist shithole. As Westerners, we must boycott this horrible country 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
NBC News Poll: Trump losing support among women voters 
Hillary Clinton campaign, DNC accused of 'corrupt' money scheme in new FEC complaint 
Buttigieg campaign surveyed staffers of color for 'microaggressions,' report says 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' still doesn’t get it 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize "This is an example of how the blood libel works in 2020...”. Another pass by the liberal media. Typical hate-monger. 
"We have evidence here... that [Pres. Trump] is aware of the fact that Ukraine very much needs American military assistance," says Joseph Bondy, attorney for Lev Parnas, of audio appearing to show Trump asking Parnas about the value of US aid to Ukraine. 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
@SenAlexander 1. "Lev Parnas on Maddow: 'Everybody was in the loop,'" ,1/16/20 2. Ibid. 3. "WH hold on Ukraine aid violated federal law, Washington Post, 1/16/20 4. "McConnell A 'Perjurer' MSN, January 17, 2020 
@SenateGOP @WhiteHouse This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Travel from China should be suspended...China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary... 
Maya Wiley: Trump's actions like 'you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution' #DonaldTrump #CrookedTrump #ImpeachmentTrial #Impeachment #IMPOTUS #RepublicanCoverUp #CoverUp #AmericansWantWitnesses #NeedToImpeach #GOP #Constitution 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Kelly told an audience: "John's an honest guy. He's a man of integrity and great character ... If John Bolton says that in the book, I believe John Bolton." 
You know, at some point you gotta admit to the world you messed up. We're not stupid, we all know the numbers are not that low #coronavirus 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
@cathybuffaloe Last I hear, Bolton is quiet, and Senate still arguing over whether to call him (and others), or 'secretly' read his manuscript. Others suggest he just hold a news conference and spew. This whole thing is gross, and I'd bet connected to Pelosi's delay. 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Claire McCaskill: GOP ‘twisting’ impeachment process ‘beyond recognition’ 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson gives Super Bowl trip to military veteran Awesome! 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
All the witnesses in the world will not move Republican senators. Democracy is dead. - "Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant" #WednesdayWisdom 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
"Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away" 
@justicedems @BernieSanders @HardballChris isn’t this one of your reporters 
@CNN has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede | 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
WHAT 👀😲oh my Lord these people 
WATCH 👉Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | 
"Everyone knows there's not a person in that room who believes they can count on Donald Trump to do anything," Lawrence O'Donnell says. "[Rep. Schiff] was saying something that everyone knows is true and he was using it as the reason ... why he has... 
Florida high school first in world to use synthetic frogs for dissection 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
So shameful... 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Let me guess...the @DNC convention will be contested and, again, @BernieSanders will be shut out as @HillaryClinton allies that are running the convention will proxy her in as the nominee! 
. Bolton has implicated officials and confirms Trump withheld aid for investigation into Biden. In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, and implicates senior cabinet officials. Bolton Must Testify! #OneVoice1 
House managers on impeachment: 'Not about Donald Trump... It's about our Constitution' @nbcnews 
“When Trump says something happened ‘ahead of schedule’ ‘look out,’ such as his latest assertions about military aid for Ukraine, it's best not to believe him. Stories about unnamed crying men, calling him "sir," - the phrase is a tell.” 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
#americanswantwitnesses Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
LATEST: China expands lockdowns to cover 10 cities with a total of about 33 million people. #ENDEGO 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
@donlemon And it's jerks like you that will help elect him again in 2020! So thanks for that....loser! 
HUD Secretary Ben Carson on NYC's homeless crisis: More regulations are not the answer 
'Roughest' KFC installs fence between counter and customers for employee safety #SmartNews 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
@ianbremmer It’s a serious conversation starter 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims | u 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show #LyingPresidentTrump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador - Recording Shows #LyingPresidentTrump Discussing Ukraine With Indicted Businessmen He Claimed Not to Know - #BriberyTrump 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
@TracerinoVega @MarkBancroft17 @funder Meanwhile ---&gt; Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally. 
.@realDonaldTrump British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears! We need to take these same measures NOW! 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Andy McCarthy: Where Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow went wrong in questioning Bolton's claims 
Irina Shayk talks ex Bradley Cooper, life as a single mom to 2-year-old daughter Lea in rare interview Sad sad sad when families split 
Parnas says Trump, Pence, Barr, Bolton, Nunes all knew about Ukraine pressure campaign. If Parnas is telling the truth, at the very least Barr should be out of a job. Pence should be called as a witness with Bolton Nunes needs to be kicked off committees 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Clearly, "take her out" is not meant to FIRE her. Only the President can "fire" an ambassador anyway. Someone else can MURDER HER and that is what he is ORDERING! MURDER HER! @MittRomney @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @LamarAlexander -- DO YOUR JOB! 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize Pos 
Trump denies explosive Bolton claims even more information stated in this clip. MUST WATCH!!! #WeThePeopleWantWitnesses. #BoltonTestimony #MickMulvaneyTestimony #AGBarrTestimony #AllDocumentsRequired #CorruptGOP 
Today on the #GuyBensonShow @xan_desanctis @GordonGChang @DrMarcSiegel Tune in live from 3-6 ET on @foxnation or the app! 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Go talk to Gulliani 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Yes cranky arrogant corrupt ole senile Biden thinks he’s above anything because of his wealth!We must show him America stop all donations for this senile jokester 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga | 
Who believes the”polls”? The People speak. Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
All the president's (convicted) men 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes Gets Taken Apart for His Lies and Fake News. Watch 
John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid NO one remembers john kelly so, means 0 
FWIW msnbc poll: Should carrying a gun in public be legal? #2AShallNotBeInfringed #2a 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
The POS admits he has all the damning evidence and still the trumpers believe he's done nothing wrong, total obstruction of congress 
Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
McConnell admits he does not have the votes to block witness testimony, specifically Bolton. Trump is toast. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
This is more serious than I thought: Maine Independent Sen. Angus King notes that hearing the evidence against Trump in its totality lead him to realize the "powerful" case against the president. 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight This is why Democrats are afraid. Trump movement and lots of Love—2020 Trump👍🏻 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
No wonder Bernie loves the Communist system. It's made him very rich! Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester #RightMatters 
Adam Schiff cuts through all of the @GOP lies and propaganda. @RepAdamSchiff 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
I would laugh quite a bit if Trump made peace in the midde east. Lol. Dems would just try to #impeach him again for it. 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 | 
Maya Wiley: This trial is a murder conspiracy, and the victim is the constitution 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours 
NTSB officials investigate cause of helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant | 
MaddowBlog: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
👏👏sherrilyn ifilll 
Trump’s base will sink his ship come election time. No one in their right mind would ignore relevant facts on important issues: Trump is “pandering prince” to violent, racist, sexist, anti-CivilRights, gun-fake-news-obsessed, religious bigots. Repulsive! 
Not all cultures are equal. 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
#truth A true Christian does not hate as Christ did not hate. The Gospel is for all people... 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' Who do these democRATS think they are. Trump was rich before being President. Everyone else, the Clintons, Obama’s, Bidens, they all got rich from public service. 
If ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ gets elected again he WILL take away #SocialSecurity Promises made Promises broken #MAGA 
"I think it's fair to say it's the most seismic event in the Middle East in the 21st century," journalist Michael Weiss says about Qassem Soleimani's death. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
SMART MAN. GONNA HAVE A LOT OF NEW FOLLOWERS #KAG Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Indeed, they did! Conspiracy theories have no place in serious discussions -- in any setting. "During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory" 
@kylegriffin1 "On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
Mitch blindsided nothing...There hasn’t been any breaking news revelations come out of any of these late witnesses DEMs parade out with smoking guns for the past 4 years to knockoff Pres Trump!The Bolton bombshell will be just another dud... 
5 pro tips to speed up your old computer 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
Another coronavirus case has been confirmed in the U.S., this time in Chicago 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
How dangerous could John Bolton possibly be for #BriberyTrump? 
Ari Melber: The White House defense is in 'Dersh-land' 
Watch the wording. “One of eight new female Sharia officers delivered her first punishment to an unmarried woman who was found in a hotel room with a man who was not family”, so it is ok if her brother? Asking for a friend #omar. 
Still think that we don't have a problem at the White House? Seriously, he's got to go. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho #wearebetterthanthis 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
You can’t be upset Dems you did it to yourself 😘 Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Meghan Markle's sister says she failed to 'fix' family issues, racism not to blame for public backlash 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
@taking_4 @maddow quick, go to and click 'listen". You can hear it through tunein. 
RIP Chris Doleman, thoughts and prayers to your family! Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Social Securitybis not an entitlement. It is my investment in my future. “Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ | 
@ChrisDJackson @BernieSanders @realDonaldTrump @PolitiFact So does Rachel Maddow. 
Steve you’re a trump kissass SIT YOUR HYPOCRITICAL ASS THE FUCK DOWN &amp; SHUT THE FUCK UP! 
Mom, 1-year-old found dead in Colorado national park died in murder-suicide: coroner 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Look what I saw in the "Live " app: 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees @CNN 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Asked whether “entitlements” would ever end up on his plate, Trump replied, “At some point they will be…. And at the right time, we will take a look at that.” "The right time" would be after #MAGA ts give him a 2nd term and are no longer useful. 
@SpeakerPelosi Liar! You allow &amp; support anti-Semitic behavior 
Audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash captured on Nest camera 
Neal Katyal: Trump trying to use executive privilege to hide from American people 
@donlemon to be honest with you if you got rid of belittling others your show would not exist. You are condescending, biased, and hypocritical. You don’t report you banter. 
.@GOP. .@GOPChairwoman, .@GOPLeader, .@HouseGOP, .@SenateGOP, .@senatemajIdr. .@SenateDems, .@HouseGOP WATCH TO THE END, PLEASE 
Wallace: As Trump's defense rests, it's 'remarkable how beaten down they seem' Pathetic what's TRUMP has done, his Attorneys look like FOOLS.....we need WITNESSES for TRUTH, cuz they surely ain't saying it! @realDonaldTrump @GOP @TheDemocrats 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
@TheCardConnect From - Do surgical masks protect against coronavirus? Do surgical masks protect against coronavirus? Explore the apps that are right for you at 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trent England: Elizabeth Warren wants to nullify the Electoral College -- and silence Middle America 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
We are the non-silent #majority. #BecauseRightMatters #BecauseTruthMatters #2020BelongsToThoseWhoVote @IndivisibleTeam @PA_Indivisible 
Anyone who is willing to listen knows this President has committed #HighCrimesAndMisdemeanors Just the fact that the #HeadOnAPike threat was made demonstrates guilt! #ImpeachedForever #threats #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW #TrumpIsGuilty 
HOW I ask HOW is an unsecured phone in room w/ pres of U.S.😳 Hello @SecretService @FBI Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Of course. Chuck Rosenberg says Republicans have repeatedly complained about "hearsay evidence" throughout the impeachment process. The "cure," he adds, is to allow witness testimony from Sec. Pompeo, White House Chief of Staff Mulvaney, and Amb.... 
@allinwithchris, spot on! 
One of Trump's top congressional allies sentenced in corruption case 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours what a corrupt bunch the republicans are! 
see you too can be a celeb and be an idiot and I'm not a fan of BBall but you dont do this have some respect this why folks hate hollywood she says oh so sorry by the way youre a rapist #evanrachelwood 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
HEY @SenSchumer., You're a hypocrite, a liar, incompetent and a HUMAN WASTE !!! Mne. @AdamSchiff 👗 didn't do his job appropriately cuz He's traumatized or in LOVE with #TRUMP !!! Don't give your suppository any more turns. 👉 Bend over, and zzaass !!! 
So Trump is ready to cut Medicare/ Social Security smh. #friday #fridaymorning #people #news 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law I guess it really is the party of peace..hmm 
"John Bolton has written in his as-of-yet unpublished book" but we haven't seen the manuscript so there is no way to prove this statement attributed to him. 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | 
@SerendipityOr @AmyDentata @AbbieX @AOC Biden's recorded as saying he was in favour of "making adjustments" to ss. DC speak for cutting. Also He was in the white house when this was happening. 
#McCaskill: #Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied #Sekulow and #Cipollone said that were, according to McCaskill, were either "flat lies" or "just ignorant” #TrumpBriberyForDIRT #GOPCoverup #MOG #MAGA 
Opinion columnist: president calls Never Trumpers human scum 
: McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. @AmbJohnBolton #BoltonTestify 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 @realDonaldTrump #RemoveTrump @GoogleNews 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Iran, imagery suggest preparation for satellite launch despite US criticism, past failures | 
Baseball coach killed with Bryant honored at team's opener 
OMG! Fuck you, #MAGA'ts. You would be popping a vein if a Dem POTUS shook down Israel for protection money for keeping Iran away. Fuck you, Fuck you, Fuck you, Fuck you, Fuck you 
In Case of Emergency, Please Remove Your Bra. 🤣😂🤣😂 #coronoavirus # 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Bull shitter 
Arizona border agents find fentanyl taped to man’s thighs during immigration check 
Wednesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.22.20 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump 
WATCH: 2020 candidate Andrew Yang explains why the mythical Republican-turned-Democratic voter isn't mythical to his campaign. See what else he and @KatyTurNBC talked about in this extensive interview. 
Not surprising at all one misogynist to another. Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Kaine: White House impeachment lawyers avoid making an argument on witnesses 
The head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of public corruption 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
@dvillella @realDonaldTrump Sure. We want more of this... 
Makes sense to me.👍 As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Day 1,103: Bolton bombshells overshadow Team Trump's impeachment defense 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace 
This guy is such a phony. Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution #SmartNews 
More manatees were killed by Florida boaters in 2019 than ever before 
Brooklyn woman charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic Hanukkah attacks 
Feds step in divert Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@GOP The GOP aka 'Group Of Pathetics' are lying. Current: "National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office | " ______ I am a torture victim of the FBI. Trump is covering up human rights abuse. 
John Bolton has proved one thing! Trump’s firing him was justified! Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
'Listen to president Trump say #TakeHerOut 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Interesting poll 
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
Giant 'thunder lizard' dinosaurs may have walked on their front feet only, findings reveal 
Trump supporter Steve Cortes defends president, slams Lev Parnas 
#SuperBowl Sunday is a lot sweeter for @USArmy retired Lt. Colonel Roger Miranda thanks to @HoustonTexans player @deshaunwatson. 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 🚨🚔😱🚨🚔😱🚨🚔😱🚨🚔😱🚨🇺🇦 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
"Standing for the vulnerable should be something that everyone can get behind." -@BenjaminSWatson #DividedHeartsOfAmerica 
Alright, we NEED TO VOTE in this MSDNC poll 👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼 
@NPRKelly Donald Trump doesn’t seem to realize he is president of the U.S. Virgin Islands, doesn’t know that Colorado isn’t on the border and I am waiting for him to point out which U.S. State is the deep state. But there is more!.... 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters And yet you did it anyway, now everyone knows how you really feel, shame 
🤔 Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@spooloflies exists? 
Former NSC Chief of Staff Patriot @FredFleitz to Shameful, Dangerous and Inexplicable @AmbJohnBolton, Withdraw Your Book! 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@nancylevine @IvankaTrump #Elites? Lol. Nooo...not The #Trump family. Profiting off the presidency? Nooo..Not the Trump family! 🙄 
Rachel Maddow 1/21/20 
⁦@seanhannity⁩ ⁦⁩ John Bolton. Mr. Self Important running around like he’s on a mission. But his opinions are not self made. They are subordinate to those he’s had to play up to in his career all along. Poor little man. 
@CurtisHouck @donlemon @CNNTonight 'nuff said: 
Politics Trump's defense did what it set out to do, Robert Ray says 
Republicans don't give 2 shits about Trump's criminality! I don't want these co-conspirators having any voice in our government any more at all period. Let's take the Senate from them next! Poll: GOP voters *acknowledge,* yet dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion Wow they're really freaking out. 
@AmbJohnBolton #ChickenSheet Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here'. 
What is Easter? 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Williams: Can GOP really vote against witnesses because Schiff hurt their feelings? 
Ari Melber: 'It's legal to lie on the Internet'? 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Mitt Romney is ruminating again with rumors of support for a witness my friend. Is his support to hear Bolton brewing, or will Mitt bolt at the sound of Mitch stewing? Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Russ Feingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the Senate removes him 
Robocalls in crosshairs: DOJ moves to stop telecom companies behind fraudulent calls 
JUST IN: Several news outlets are currently reporting that Mitch McConnell said he doesn't yet have votes he would need. 
Case CLOSED! Here us @SenatorRomney⁩, ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩? ENOUGH of the BS ALREADY! Back to running the country with ⁦@POTUS⁩ Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Report to #LJNews #'s @HardballChris bemoans the death of #Obama's #DeepState, whining about the good old crowd of #WASHINGTON_DC deceivers and liars. 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Chuck Rosenberg says Republicans have repeatedly complained about "hearsay evidence" throughout the impeachment process. The "cure," he adds, is to allow witness testimony from Sec. Pompeo, White House Chief of Staff Mulvaney, and Amb. Bolton. 
Why didn't the @GOP investigate Biden in the many years they controled the house and senate?because there is nothing there. #RightMatters #AMERICANSWANTWITNESSES 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
&gt; the "religion of peace" ……. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@kelly_t_mac Nah.....nothing at all.... 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
NEW POLL: Majority of Americans want @realDonaldTrump impeached AND removed! A bigger number of Americans believe Trump obstructed congress + abused the powers of his office. TIME TO GO. #ImpeachmentTrial #Impeach #ImpeachAndRemove #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 
@washingtonpost FULL AUDIO: Trump has to pay dearly. 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
You literally cannot make this shit up. Lmao! Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
The evil Republican plan to cut support that 🇺🇸 citizens actively make contributions against is now out in the open "In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@clairecmc SMDH👇 “Unbeknownst to Harvard University, beginning in 2011, Charles Lieber became a ‘Strategic Scientist’ at WUHAN University of Technology (WUT) in China and was a contractual participant in China’s Thousand Talents Plan from in or about 2012 to 2017." 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank &amp; Gaza... What if huh? The art of the deal. Time 2 cut off funding till the Palestinians come 2 the table? 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for John Bolton's unpublished book? Pete Williams: "Sometimes these subpoenas do succeed ... the Senate could subpoena Bolton himself ... they could subpoena the publisher ... they could subpoena the White House." 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron The Washington Post no longer has a reputation to uphold. Fake News headquarters. A den of weasels. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant, 8 others did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Sen. Bennet on new Bolton revelations: "It shows you what level we've sunk to ... The president has utter contempt for Congress, and I think for the American people." 
Flash top headlines for Jan. 29 | 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied THIS COULD BE INTERESTING VERY IMPORTANT ISSS THAT...ITS ON RECORD!!!! 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Coronavirus hits tourism in China, Japan and Thailand 'hard,' costing billions 
What is Easter? 
"Who the hell cares about the budget? We're going to have a country." - @realDonaldTrump . A real politician knows the pulse, as DJT does. Our politicians r still in thrall of charlatans and economist (not always mutually exclusive) gyaan 👿 
The head of #SanFrancisco #PublicWorks, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the #FBI on suspicion of public corruption. #MohammedNuru 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just… 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
@weareoversight any way to find out if the FBI has investigated Burisma and found nothing before Giuliani got involved? 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Ain't nobody listening to you spectator. Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a 'homework assignment' 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt Here we go again with RINO Republicans!🤬 
@RepGosar Gosar tell us what u think of @POTUS praising @SecPompeo for bullying @NPRKelly.. days later for removing another @NPR reporter from our taxpayers plane..waiting? U too @GOPLeader can way in on disgrace of Trump! @CNN @donlemon 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
But not embarrassed and ashamed enough to do the right thing. Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize #Trash 
'Dersh-o-mania!': Laurence Tribe demolishes Trump lawyer's 'Wizard of Oz' impeachment defense 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
From Discover on Google 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
President Trump on Friday became the first sitting president to attend the annual anti-abortion March for Life rally in Washington, DC. 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags 
Behind the scenes: How House managers prepped their days-long trial presentation. A small army of staffers spent weeks crafting the case — working to prepare elements long before the House managers were even named. - @RebeccaShabad /@AlexNBCNews 
For escaping, she should have to endure a month's worth of dental visits ... 
NBC Sports' Mike Tirico remembers the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant: NBA legend Kobe Bryant has died in a helicopter crash in the Los Angeles area, NBC News has confirmed. The helicopter crash also killed four others. NBC Sports host Mike Tirico… 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump vía 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@GOPHELP @senatemajldr @SenAlexander @PattyMurray @SenatorRisch @SenatorMenendez This is the smoking gun! 
.@JoeNBC says Rep. Schiff's speech was a "virtuoso performance" yesterday during opening arguments at the Senate impeachment trial. 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
This one doesn't know nor cares to apologize. She should strive to a 'Higher Standard', a different Job. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
A bipartisan acquittal! I love the sound of that! @GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal. Some Democrats want at least an opportunity to choose a clear candidate rather a default socialist! 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Sen. Scott: I believe we'll see no witnesses #AAG #AAG2020 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
Even some Trump-friendly lawyers balk at his abuse-of-power pitch | 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
I remember @MickJagger and band feeling this way 30 or 40 years ago. Bubblegum music Awards 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
Wallace: “shows 'total rot' in White House They are all #scumbags #ComplicitCorruptGOP #trump hates intelligent women! 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters #WeThePeople : who care anymore what ⁦@CNNnewsroom⁩ ‘s idiots have to say? #Trump2020 is our answer 🇺🇸✅🇺🇸 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally Socialist New Jersey is America’s cesspool Worst in Nation 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | WHY, FATTY WAS TELLING THE TRUTH FOR A CHANGE instead of: "all that nonsense" he spewed in Trump's impeachment &amp; for the Mueller Report 
Breaking... Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #Israel #PeacePlan 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
#CoronaVirus &gt; #Socialist #Communist #China censoring Ten Commandments, replacing them with President Xi Jinping quotes inside #churches. Churches shut down if they don't comply. #Fear, #control and #death are the products of #evil socialism. 
Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial 
As the fake news MSN &amp; lying democrats roll on, President Trump continues to rack up victories for America &amp; allies! Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
TAKE HER OUT !!!! He must have meant for dinner , cause the only one Trump has the right to tell that to is the Sec. of State ( take her out , just do it ) what in Gods name has become of our Nation ! 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit And this is why just anyone can’t join the royals. Like Michelle, Meghan left values, traditions and family behind for fame and 2 Nd class citizenry. 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Dumbshit Trump on the stand 
Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth finalize divorce: report 
3am phone call... @TheDemocrats THIS finger U want on button or talking to Foreign leaders or to USA CITIZENS? @scj @OWHnews @crgazette @DMRegister ASK @JoeBiden @pdoocy @GOPChairwoman 
Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Sen. Stabenow: ‘John Bolton ought to be coming before the United States Senate’ 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
Live Audio 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
What was the price of their souls? Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
"There will be new evidence every day. There will be something new that comes out every day." Barrasso's line - intended to help Trump - seems like a line we might expect from one of Trump's detractors, not one of his supporters. 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Interesting that democrats want to hear from a war monger, disloyal, opportunistic and overall sleazebag individual. Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
@realDonaldTrump All Americans and the world should watch this !!!!!!!!! 
John Bolton reportedly working with Comey's former agents to publish book on time in Trump White House | 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source | 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses 
#BurnBernieAgain Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
All you folks out that that voted for him who are now collecting Social Security or hope to collect Social Security. Hope you get to keep it. 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize ⭐️TLAIB &amp; REST OF “SQUAD” NEED TO BE VOTED OUT! They have done nothing but try to divide the Great USA! Pres. Trump is trying to unite!! VOTE TRUMP 2020! 
Fmr. Sen. Boxer compares leadership of Clinton impeachment trial to that of Sens. McConnell and Schumer: "In those days, we had Trent Lott and Tom Daschle...joined at the hip and working together." 
One of the reasons this ELECTION CHEAT - moron, bigot, liar has been impeached was because he refused to comply with the constitutions checks and balances... 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
If an "Impeached President" wins a second term in the White House, the institution will lose all credibility! 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan WE KNOW THE MSDM IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. THE MEDIA ARE THE DEMOCRATS EVERYDAY ALL DAY! 
Dem Elected Representative(s) TX, GA, VA -serve from jail —On May 23, 2018, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals refused Ron Reynold's appeal, he will serve his year-long jail sentence. —Reynolds supported and in an ad with Democratic Beto O’Rourke 
McConnell tips his hand about indifference to House manager case 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Is this fear of #TheTruth or fear of #USGov 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
So should every other airline. British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Lindsey Graham to John Bolton: 'Hold a news conference' #AAG #AAG2020 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought what say yes oh great one? @realDonaldTrump 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds!!! 
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse Trump's trial boast:⚡"We have all the material" "Honestly, we have all the material," Trump said of his impeachment trial. "They don't have the material" #TrumpImpeachmentTrial #TrumpObstructionOfJustice 
Hey @SenatorCollins . You still outraged? Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
'What Sick and Twisted Ivory Tower Do You Live In?' Marine Blinded in Attack Rips Canada's Trudeau 
Sen. Kamala Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
It’s not just Medicare: Trump budget eyes Social Security cuts, too 
#SENATORSGasLighting politics 
I can almost guarantee you this outbreak is a weaponized virus. &gt;&gt;China is trying to work on a cure so they can have the Cure before anyone else and profiteer from it. China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
@dbongino And yet... “What's more, the picture is getting worse for the president, not better: CNN polls have been asking respondents since June 2018 whether Trump should be impeached and removed from office, and the latest 51% finding is the highest to date.” 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@GOP @GOPLeader @SenThomTillis You're lying!! The majority of Americans want witnesses!! Stop speaking for the majority of us unless your hoing to do what's right. #RightMatters Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Rep. Schiff says now is the time for senators to have political courage 
House releases new evidence that show texts between Lev Parnas, Devin Nunes staffer 
26-01-2020 Covington Catholic bus involved in fatal crash in Kentucky on return from March for Life rally | 2:44 Jan 28, 2020 One America News Network Democratic Response to the Covington Catholic Bus Crash - YouTube 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Trump Jesus is legal team because they look good on television! How ridiculous! Interesting article in the Rachel Maddow blog! A definite must read!😳🤮🤬 
"Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate" 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Senate impeachment trial, Lev Parnas discussed by Sen. Merkley 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
Jon Stewart joins cause of burn pit vets lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments | 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
McCaskill: 'Holy toledo, he just asked for Bolton to come testify' 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash This is too tragic for words. Rest In Peace Kobe, Gianna, and the others who died in this horrific crash😢 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy 
Thanks for the support ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩👍🏻👍🏻👍🏾👍🏾🇺🇸 I am a Trump supporter and really could not give a crap what @CNN says about us. Every Trump supporter knows that #CNN only says these things to try and get under our skin but not happening! 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan 
Thanks @stlcao. @MissFuzzball 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@jennyrachelpal @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs @RudyGiuliani @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP My God! Lying and corruption is your way of life. 
.@'s new podcast “So You Wanna Be President?” with @HardballChris is out now! Download the first two episodes and subscribe. #SYWBPRES Apple: Spotify: Google: 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump rally on Jersey Shore: See the crowds 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan 
Nazis versus pu$$ies.. Pardon my rage, not all old Southern women are soft spoken nice. McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Sen. Warren: Impeachment is about ‘corruption’ 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Yes, unquestionably do sit down and shut up old man. : Michael Levin: 'OK, Boomer.' Really?! -- Here's what needs to be said to the younger generations. @GoogleNews 
@that70sheaux @JoeGould50 @BiancaNDelarosa @Brave_Writing Thought this was worth people seeing. 
"A Very Stable Genius" Co-Author @PhillipRucker joins me today at 3:35pm PT. I just finished reading this book, and it was informative, entertaining and scared the shit out of me. Listen 810am KGO San Francisco or download KGO app. 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters And he thinks we believe this! 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza @jjauthor 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Of course Chris Matthews that known commie wants to destroy America Wake up America Chris matthews hates America Fact Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
#Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology: #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
MaddowBlog: Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Congratulations ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ &amp; ⁦⁦@netanyahu⁩ for always putting others first &amp; always working on solutions. God bless you both. ✝️ 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book just think of the wealth he could accumulate if this wasn’t the law. 
@emily_cohn @akeleven @businessinsider Arbitrary and capricious followed by inadvertent glimmers of incompetence spurring hope of a collapse of corruption’s house of cards. Who replaced Wolfowitz’ as GOP script writer? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested HEY NANCY PELOSI SEE THIS YOU LOWLIFE PIG 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial @realDonaldTrump #WhiteHouse @GOPChairwoman #FNS #FoxNews #FoxandFriends #VoteBlue @cspanwj @DevinNunes #humor #satire 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Donny Boy is criminal lying piece of sh*t 💩 Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Senate Minority Leader Schumer calls on Senate Republicans to vote for John Bolton testimony. 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" 
Cali cops respond to 2 homeless men shot w/ arrows: report Hunting season in California. 🏹 I’d be careful if I were you ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@AdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@KamalaHarris⁩ ⁦@MaxineWaters⁩ things sounding crazy! 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Ocasio-Cortez rips 'shameful' Supreme Court ruling allowing 'public charge' immigration rule 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ #SmartNews Captain America drank the kool aid. 
⁦@MarkMeadows⁩, on himself: “I’m a straight shooter.” Me, on Mark Meadows: “he’s a walking blooper.” 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Weiner 😆😆😆😆 Oscar Mayer Wienermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@RantyAmyCurtis @JenDinnj The "industrial military complex" is run by women: 
Couldn’t be more excited to announce my new show What’s Eating America. This project has been in the works for over a year and I cannot wait for all of you to watch it on @ and explore some of the most provocative civic/political issues with me 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff speech most compelling for removal from office... 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@SenSanders Your sure made up for that by living big and rich now. Private flights. 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial | Sen LaMar 1-202-224-4944 Sen Cory Gardner 1-202-224-5941 Sen McSally 1-202-224-2235 Sen Collins 1-202-224-2523 Sen Murkowski 1-202-224-6665 
Keep voting in corrupt people like her so we can have these ANIMALS in our country trying to impose THEIR religious views on Americans! 
Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes 
China gives @IvankaTrump 5 new trademarks as trade talks continue | 
This........ 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Judge sets high bar for former Trump adviser Flynn to withdraw guilty plea. 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Nailed it! 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Jesse Watters praises Trump attorney Bondi's 'meticulous' Hunter Biden argument: 'It doesn't look good for Joe' 
Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
Psychic Nikki told me the "Palestinians" will reject the solution. #PutThatInYourPipe #PatHeads @PatUnleashed @KeithMalinak Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
Sen. Cotton reacts to Elizabeth Warren's pandemic plan ⁦@ewarren⁩ has no clue 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Today's homepage features 40 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
"Team Trump's trial 'revenge' is off to a woefully dishonest start" 
“Four years later, many Sanders allies and supporters remain suspicious of the DNC.” As well they should be..👇 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #SmartNews 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer the hate filled lying bigot for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
USA’s top 5 deadliest cities! ...🤔🥺👇 
Wiley: Republicans have put the Constitution on trial 
.@DrJasonJohnson says if senators lack the "independence and integrity the American voters want to see, maybe they don't deserve to be a part of that 100." 
#2A poll @ #2Amendment You all know what to do. @CarpeDonktum 
WOW, this could be an interesting turn of events West Virginia &amp; state of NOVA ... ⁦@POTUS⁩ people aren’t putting up with the BS! #GameChanger 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
Trump impeachment trial discussed by Rep. Val Demings 
⁦@donlemon and⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ take another shot at belittling viewers!!! Only an idiot would believe this explanation? #GiveTheViewerSomeCredit 
Of course she won't apologize, typical from leftists who want to destroy our constitutional republic. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
"On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus'" 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
An emotional Metta World Peace reflects on his relationship with Kobe Bryant 
@BrownRbjr2002 #LetsReason America's top 5 deadliest cities | @charlesharriso5 
This seems so long ago 
Full video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
@realDonaldTrump All Americans should watch this 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
Sen. Coons shoots down impeachment witness quid pro quo with GOP 
⁦@lookner⁩ Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
"Thursday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.23.20" 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why ‘disgruntled’ John Bolton should testify | 
America's top 5 deadliest cities One thing all 5 of these cities have in common? All ran by Democrats. Notice a pattern anyone? 
Here we go AGAIN... Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Crow: Trump defense tried everything 'to see what would stick' 
THE ORANGE NIGHTMARE'S attack on Biden a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law America needs to wake the hell up...this is headed to our cities if we don’t STOP IT!!! 
Key numbers to know as Trump's defense team presents their case in the impeachment trial. 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate | 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
@KatyTurNBC Thank you for conducting an open and fair interview with @AndrewYang. The #YangGang appreciates interviews that treat Andrew as an candidate with an equal opportunity to win. 
As deficits soar, Dumbshit Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Are we serious here people? What gives with California leadership. From the very top is simply sucks. How very sad. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ ⁦ 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
@realDonaldTrump 😂🤣😂🤣Only way low rated @donlemon gets publicity is to Harass and Debase Americans. Last time Don Lemon harassed a high school kid for own entertainment cost @CNN employers, wrote Nick a HUGE check. Nick got last laugh all the way to the Bank!🇺🇸 
@JoeBiden President Obama signs $8.7 billion food stamp cut into law 
Swing county Arizona voters weigh in on impeachment. 
@JenValentine3 I woke to see this and all in one sentence found hope and despair. 
@davidgura It's a insult to the institution. The Senate Intelligence Committee's GOP chair has some ... 
@LindseyGrahamSC Why are you Republicans BLOCKING important witnesses and documents from being presented at trial Lindsey? What are you hiding? Why are you so afraid of the TRUTH getting out? What about your OATH Lindsey? Lindsey Graham says we MUST have witnesses! 
Off Topic: Nicotine Meat!? I call it "Neat" wa wa waaaa.. 
Giant 'thunder lizard' dinosaurs may have walked on their front feet only, findings reveal 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
His actions/ behavior is beyond shameful. #Hannity #MAGA 
#Maga What comes first? Country or party? #GOP @GOP @senatemajldr Why do you support this traitor? 
With Virginia on edge over gun rally, Trump says the wrong thing 
Alan Dershowitz argues importance of the Constitution in pursuit of impeachment 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Tulsi Gabbard rips Fake News CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Craig Unger: Trump is owned by the Russia mob 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Will the palestinians sign this agreement or is the muslim charity money more lucrative? 
WATCH: @JoeNBC fact checks Pres. Trump's claims at a news conference Wednesday during the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. 
@LindseyGrahamSC If you ignore this you ARE complicit “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
But this of course will not influence the fiasco ending appropriately early. The leak will influence, but not this thanks ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTimes, WaPo, the swamp, should I go on? DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr 
Sen. Bennet on new Bolton revelations: "It shows you what level we've sunk to ... The president has utter contempt for Congress, and I think for the American people." 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses #MAGA #MAGA2020 #foxnews #foxandfriends #tcot #tlot #GOP Shared TweetCaster 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building amid spike in anti-Semitism 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Never Trumper asserts GOP ‘lives in abject terror of Trump’ 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
@cnnbrk Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Little Don “ lemonade” Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan! Best recruiter for Donald J Trump reelection in 2020!!!! 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer | #liar #traitor 
Go Tulsi.... Finally, someone other than Trump stands up to Hillary Clinton! Bernie tried it for a while, but then sold out in 2016 after she cheated him out of the nomination. 
Wonderful news 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
"Rachel Maddow 1/20/20" 
Biden campaign touts Ukrainian anti-corruption activist who previously called Hunter Biden's actions 'very bad' 
Fitness for office and having a Chinese spy working for you for 20yrs that reported to the Chinese consulate on daily basis. @SenFeinstein while you were on the intelligence committee.@latimes we haven't forgotten her violations.@realDonaldTrump look at it 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Our taxes at work! 
All things lead to Putin with @realDonaldTrump @HardballChris calls @RepAdamSchiff speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ He is an amazing prosecutor and speaker and exemplifies what govt service should be 
@realDonaldTrump Trump caught on tape saying: 'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing 
My goodness now 33 million people in lockdown in China 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Joe: It matters Trump said he wouldn't touch entitlements 
From - Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
How Bernie Sanders became a rich man off the back of tax payers. How does he get away with this while preaching equally?? 😒 #BernieSanders Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich. 
"Is Ken Starr being misleading on purpose? Yes. We know that because he pushed for impeaching Clinton for abuse of power." @AriMelber breaks down key moments from Day 6 of the Senate impeachment trial. 
God Bless @POTUS and God Bless 🇺🇸 America!👇 Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
"As part of his tirade over the weekend, the ostensible diplomat said he was concerned about 'decency' and 'integrity.' Given the circumstances, perhaps those are words he should avoid for a while." 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
"Seven GOP lawmakers make a misguided trip to Russia" 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
This is hysterical. Now they see Bolton as a legitimate blue and he was a contributor for 11 years 😂 Do they even know what they’re standing for anymore? Please rest assured, dear Trumsters. We don’t like him either. 
@julianborger Here is why Jared is right-it’s not the Palestinian people who have never been given a choice; it’s about the selfish corrupt leadership 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script Vote out Murkowski, Romney, Collins and other senator who votes for witnesses, these people are career politicians! 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
Well folks it’s getting to be that time again when the DNC puts the screws to Bernie thebagman Sanders and feeds the answers to their preferred candidate Biden......Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
Russian officials rescue over 500 'amateur' fishermen who got stranded on giant ice floe 
This is hilarious. The irony is too much. 
"Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant" 
⁦@VP⁩ Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial | 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion 
"Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial" 
@sammael0821 @blacknpurplejs @jtee72 @fawkesmulder13 @Aussie_Sailor @IrishLass2020 @feliciasonmez Witness: Sean Holloway. Statement: Katelyn wanted to sue Kobe to pay for breast implants and a koala bear. Witness: Matt Herr. Statement: Refused to provide DNA sample found on her body and clothing, which DID NOT match Kobe. 
I can’t wait to hear the Democrats spin on this. And we know they will 4 sure have a ridiculous spin on why this wasn’t in the 🇺🇸or 🇮🇱’s best interest Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #MAGA 🇺🇸🇺🇸👊🏼👊🏼 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Joe Biden says he was "embarrassed" for the Senate after the opening statements from Pres. Trump's legal team at the impeachment trial. 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
All liberal morons, listen-up. This is what you get if Sharia law is added to our culture. This is anti-liberalism. You should all rail against it. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@JoeMill73489060 @Thomasdiscerns @mtracey @GOP Not being impeached for ICA &amp; that’s not impeachable. Taken in context spoken Mulvaney clearly meant all Foreign Policy is QPQ. #aspergers? Ukraine found out months later Politico. Invite to WH w NO preconditions April &amp; July phone calls. 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Florida man known for viral Easter bunny brawl arrested after hit-and-run, tells cops to ‘Google’ him: police 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
"WOKE" NJ DemoRat 🐀 JOINS PRESIDENT TRUMP: 👽 
💰For Good Karma Donate To This Twitter Account On CashApp $atomic811 So I Can Buy Bitcoin:💰 "Navy tests new sleek, stealthy destroyer hull in rough seas" 
California cops respond to 2 homeless men shot with arrows: report...ITS A GUN FREE ZONE😂🦄🎃🤖💩 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says @realDonaldTrump you need to send these terrorists a message. Carpet bomb them!!! 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
If the shoes fits then don't whine. God knows every time Republicans have control they cut education spending. Just like GOP hate the Blue States that pay for all Reds welfare. Red States claim they don't like Big Government then cut their Fed $$, 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
Dec. 16, 2019 | Fmr. Governor Bill Weld: 'This is not even a close call on whether this is impeachable conduct' 
Mother Will Stop You!!! 
Trump calls FBI ‘scum’ at rally 
🚨🚨🚨Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base Hopefully they Quarantine these people !! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Florida day care worker fired after mom finds note written on toddler's belly 
Go 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Russia quick to cover tracks after 2016 election [SCARY!] 
Reports: McConnell doesn't have votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial 
"T.I. apologizes to daughters following Kobe Bryant's death" 
Crafty Individual... From Discover on Google 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Remembering Jim Lehrer: Fair and balanced before it was a slogan 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Lawrence: Dem House Managers doing ‘flawless job’ in opening impeachment arguments 
Sadly nothing is ever going to change San Francisco because Democrats have controlled that once beautiful city for decades and their policies CLEARLY have made quality of life miserable. 
Melber: 'We just watched #KenStarr punch himself in the face' 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump All Republicans should hear this! “Full audio: #LevParnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation” 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
Congresswoman says trials have witnesses, documents 
Chief Justice Roberts gives senators a "homework assignment" 
Typical democRAT HYPOCRITE Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Syracuse University to open one-of-a-kind resource center for veterans 
Tucker Carlson: So two weeks versus three months. More than a hundred people have died so far, and that's just the official total. The real number is likely higher than that. 
WATCH LIVE: Day 7 of the Trump impeachment trial in the Senate #ImpeachmentTrial 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy #foxnews 
Politics What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? 
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford Get to the acquit vote Lindsey! 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
@Huskersp @disorderedworld @RepSwalwell @realDonaldTrump LISTEN: Audio recording appears to show President Trump order firing of the US ambassador to Ukraine. #TrumpKnowsParnas 
2 bodies, flight data recorder recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
#mssNews #MITAM Florida man known for viral Easter bunny brawl arrested after hit-and-run, tells cops to ‘Google’ him: police 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
@TheLastRefuge2 @donlemon worst fake news journalist ever 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
“Like Kevin McCarthy in 2015, Joni Ernst said the quiet part loud yesterday, suggesting Team Trump’s attacks against Biden were less about presenting a legal defense during an impeachment trial, and more about influencing the outcome of an election.” 
@kfrost100 @mtracey First I've seen of some of it. On it's face, it doesn't look particularly egregious. Even family members should get paid for their work, but it definitely can be spun. 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
🚨BREAKING 🚨 Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid #coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
A group of conservative critics of President Trump has released a new ad targeting Sen. Susan Collins accusing her of covering for Trump during the Senate impeachment trial. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Is Kelly an enemy of the White House too now? 
Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron @tracygrant is a classic example of Washington Post bias she is so pathetic she oughta resign 
Who could have guessed..? Before I even read it, I bet a metaphorical (and standard) $1 million that it was an overdose. Spoiler Alert: I was right. I’m guessing the fentanyl was from heroin. Not many, even hardcore addicts, doin straight fent. Sad. 
@AlArabiya_Eng Think long term 
Car thief locks himself inside car, is 'saved' by police 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
Sean Hannity’s Super Bowl interview with Trump: ‘Let people hear from the president’ 
Wallace: It shouldn't take courage for GOP to admit Trump's wrongdoing, just common sense 
Disgusting insinuations Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Facebook, Twitter scramble to stop wacky coronavirus conspiracy theories 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Is this a trap 😏 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Audio appears to bolster Parnas claims about dinner with Trump 
@morethanmySLE @TheDemCoalition So I contacted Cornyn. Then I decided Cruz had it pretty well figured out. 
These are the IDIOTS that wants to impeach Our Great President because their Corruption is coming to an end. The President is STOPPING this B.S. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Portraits of the Obamas to begin 5-city US tour in Chicago. 
Klobuchar: Bloomberg should be on debate stage so 'voters can evaluate him' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law USA 🇺🇸 FUTURE. ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@AOC⁩ ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ ⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight / Fact: If your a United States Senator, and you do not vote to acquit President Trump, you will NOT be a Senator after November! The crowds tell it all. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump's self-image takes precedence in White House business: book 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy 
What the Trump administration is doing to help the NYC homeless crisis 
@MztrMztr @rsburton51 @BillieHardwic14 @tedcruz It is embarassing to repeatedly be taken in by propaganda. 
Chuck Rosenberg says Republicans have repeatedly complained about "hearsay evidence" throughout the impeachment process. The "cure," he adds, is to allow witness testimony from Sec. Pompeo, White House Chief of Staff Mulvaney, and Amb. Bolton. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
That’s how #WalkAway happens... #ThesePeopleAreSick Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Nor is it free you dumbass @AOC While us Americans work hard to pay taxes to state and federal govt only to be given away to illegal immigrants; Illegal. AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
Gun rights activists rally against gun control legislation in Richmond 
Rick Wilson: Trump attracts the worst grifters and scumbags 
@MikeDMarler @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump What is maddening about impeachment proceedings is there is no doubt about Trump’s guilt; the facts are undisputed And there’s a pattern here: Trump engaged in an even deeper conspiracy with Russian intel in 2016 and covered it up #AllRoadsLeadToPutin 
@Charles30573478 @shitpostbot3579 @thomasmahar1 @albertojdejesus @BernieSanders @iPhilSomething @swalker06 @MMFlint @GOP I don't care for any MSM but this is a good explanation on Democratic Socialism. 
Rep. Nadler: McConnell, GOP are covering up for the president Yeah &amp;he got reamed by the judge for his narrowminded biased child like ignorance. Thru every investigation all we've found is rampant corruption from the dem party.whos covering up? 
: In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table. @GoogleNews 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
.@JoeNBC says a "confederacy of dunces" defended President Trump at the Senate impeachment trial. 
CNN's Don Lemon accused of assault in sexually charged encounter at New York bar 
Joe Manchin frustrated with 'hypocrisy' of Schumer, Dershowitz and Starr in Trump impeachment 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
#Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
@WhiteHouse looks like #TrumpKnowsTheGuy 
Hong Kong halts trains from mainland China as coronavirus spreads 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
America's top 5 deadliest cities | 
Shut up, #CryinChuck. 
"Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer" 
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink. Btw #Trump was involved in corruption for decades. But yes #Giuliani is corrupt too. He can testify on Trump or face his own trial right away. 
#6279b6b7bcd3528ea808072922560d00 Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
Time to stop ANY one from China arriving in the USA China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Garden State native Kellyanne Conway: 'South Jersey is Trump country' ⁦@KellyannePolls⁩ is too smooth! 
@DearAuntCrabby IOW, the overwhelming majority of Republicans don't actually care that the US has a criminal POTUS. #Trump's their criminal, so they're sticking w/him. That is fucking shameful! But GOPers have no shame, so I guess it's to be expected. #ImpeachTrump 
Al Sharpton: Parnas tape 'very bad' for Trump 
@JohnCornyn @WSJ Are you stupid or just don't pay attention.? Bolton's attorney said he would NOT testify and would defy a subpoena issued by the House. hellooooo.. time to read some news stories and catch up. And of course, you didn't even watch the 17 FACT WITNESSES! 
How Trump has made both Ukraine and the U.S. more corrupt 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
#ScripsNow followers I hope you enjoy my new healthcare tweet regarding an article that recently appeared in titled, Do surgical masks protect against coronavirus? 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
well @ewarren got away with lying about her ancestry while at #Harvard - so he figured it was no problem to get away with it! #China #Wuhan #WUT #pocahontas 
@SenatorCollins THIS IS HOW MAINE FEELS ABOUT YOU!!! WE ARE ALL A MEMBER OF THE LINCOLN PROJECT!!!!!! YOU ARE DONE POLITICALLY!!!! 
White House making a 'full court press to discredit' John Bolton. Trump is afraid of the truth. It will be shouted from the rooftops. #OneVoice1 #VoteTheRedOut #VetsForImpeachment #AmericansForImpeachment #RemoveTrump #TrumpResign #VoteBlue 
Agreed Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Michael Strahan talks tension with former co-host Kelly Ripa: 'I didn't know I was supposed to be a sidekick' 
Maybe not eating bats,snakes,donkeys, cats and dogs should be banned in China. It would help your health and fellow citizens and nations.. Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@realDonaldTrump But another of your appointment says he believes what @AmbJohnBolton says is true. See a pattern here? 
"Not just 'headaches': 34 US troops diagnosed with brain injuries" 
@realDonaldTrump @wef .@neal_katyal: "The president has a very weak case... the president is trying to use executive privilege just to hide stuff from the American people, and it's a sure loser." 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 🤔 
: AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge'. @GoogleNews 
More Trump supporters in NJ than you think............ 
nobody wants to hear and see these bigots around the world! America is sick of you @GOP and your hate! 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich | 
What is democratic socialism? 
Evan Rachel Wood tweet calling Kobe Bryant a 'sports hero' and a 'rapist' gets slammed 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd and touting “BLUE-COLLARD BOOM” amid impeachment fight 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
's new podcast “So You Wanna Be President” is about what it takes to win the nomination, hosted by Chris Matthews. The first two episodes are available right now, listen and subscribe for free on Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
"'Take her out': Reported tape suggests Trump demanded ambassador's firing" "Firing"? No--killing or maiming. 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
From Discover on Google 
Lindsey Graham: If Senate needs Bolton testimony, I will say so 
21 state attorneys general, including @KenPaxtonTX, write to the Senate that "even an unsuccessful effort to impeach the president undermines the integrity of the 2020 presidential election," reports: 
A friend just told me about this today, I can't believe it. NBA legend Kobe Bryant reportedly dead in LA-area helicopter crash 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
“We’ve slipped back to the Jim Crow era” on voter suppression 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable 
Well... MSLSD's Joe has it figured out.. .. the WALL STREET JOURNAL has exonerated the Biden's and replaced the FBI &amp; DOJ as our preeminent law enforcement in the U.S. Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy | 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash investigators will look at weather, aircraft conditions 
.@SenateGOP .@SenateDems I would like to hear whether or not the FBI investigates Hunter Biden FIRST and the answers didn’t please trump. So is this why Rudy got involved? Are they trying to clean that up with the Durham investigation? 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich WHY IS HE A COMMIE?? 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday: MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Flip this poll! 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight. 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
Glenn Kirschner: ‘Vladimir Putin owns Donald Trump’ : Take Note Fellow Americans!!!! 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
Will #WeThePeople allow @GOP to Kill Our American Democracy right front of Us for A #CriminalPresident..? Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's Guilt is Now Irrelevant.!! Call Your Senators Non-Stop #WeWantWitnesses &amp; a #FairTrial. This Still 🇺🇸 
@realDonaldTrump .@MTPFirstRead: Rep. Schiff makes his case for President Trump's removal. 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch PART 2 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Let's just keep this #SchiffShow going as long as possible so the #Dems can hatch their next blockade, vote-stealing plan! Why is @SpeakerPelosi so quiet? 
Challenger explosion among the deadliest space disasters 
#FoxNews gives you snippets. #AdamSchiff lays out all the facts to #gop for the first time. #maga: 🤦🤦‍♂️🌴🥥🥥 #Schumer praises Schiff for holding GOP rapt, convincing public 
@SenatorLankford Knows Trump &amp; Roberts. God help our Democracy as Chief @JusticeRoberts of Supreme Court shows US &amp; world leaders that he's just window dressing. Is #JusticeRobertsIsCorrupt all in w/ #GOPCoverup? #TruthMattersRightMatters @USSupremeCourt 
It doesn't take a leap of faith to believe anyone's word over whatever a compulsive liar says, but the Chief of Staff lived it. It does take a lot of naivete to believe @GOP Senators will vote impartially, unless voters speak up and force them. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney for joining Dems in call for Bolton's testimony: He needs to 'get it together' #CNN #MSNBC 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Chris Wallace says @RepJerryNadler probably wants 1998 @BillClinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' | 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@peg_froehle @cjohansen_MT @AmandiOnAir @TheRickWilson @ @JoyAnnReid @RadioFreeTom @DavidJollyFL @CortesSteve Ask and you shall receive. 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza PEACE. A WISE MAN SAID. IS. " CESSATION OF AGAINSTNESS"! A GREAT PRES. TRUMP IS SUCCEEDING!! PROPHESY BEING FULFILLED! GOD WATCHES GOD SMILES !🙏👁🙏❤🙏👁🙏 
You are in no position to talk about fairness after declaring in December you would not be and then swore under oath this week at #ImpeachmentTrials that you would! On impeachment, @LindseyGrahamSC tells us he won't 'pretend to be a fair juror' 
Wrong! No trial in traffic court without "probable cause" that the person did crime or misdemeanor. Democrats offered no evidence that Trump did any crime, let alone bribery, treason or "other HIGH crime or misdemeanor" per US Constitution. @Grossman4NJ 
@DevinNunes You’re so bad at all of this stuff 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' 
Trump's unfitness alone warrants #impeachment. 
Fred Fleitz: Ambassador Bolton, withdraw your book | ⁦@JaySekulow⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@MittRomney⁩ 
Fire #ChrisWallace @rupertmurdoch 
@Amy87614711 The video Jack Kingston getting taking down ... for lying on national television 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
McConnell's impeachment rules designed to hide the facts: Katyal 
@glennkirschner2 ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 
.@NBCNews has now obtained what Lev Parnas, through his attorney, says is the full recording from a donor dinner in April 2018 that appears to be President Trump speaking about Amb. Yovanovitch. 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize #news 
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' 
@SteveKrak ...especially one written in Austrian. Mr. President, Austrian Is Not a Language 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
🇺🇸♥️Trump 2020🔥👉Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
"In trials you don't always fight evidence with evidence. Sometimes the defense doesn't have good evidence." @AriMelber recaps Day 7 of President Trump's impeachment trial. 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Sen. Sanders leads Democratic field in New Hampshire 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
"Super Bowl upset? Xbox battle predicts 49ers win" FOX NEWS 
@MingGao26 speaking of incriminating tapes...remember Nunes and McMorris Rogers? @maddow 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #YANGSURGE 
@ric_weavr @ChrisAlbertoLaw @RepAdamSchiff That 72% that want evidence &amp; testimony is from a Reuters poll Even poll says a majority want it Those are the outliers. All the other polls fall somewhere between 51%-72%. I know you still won't believe it, though 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Cool story. I hope this changes his life. @MichaelBerrySho @RamonRoblesJr 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Trump has chosen lobbyists to run EPA, HHS, DOD, and Interior 
Our senior citizens and homeless should come first. AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
@donlemon - Just resign! Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Germany confirms first coronavirus case | 
Call him "Mr. Sleazbag"... Sniddly-Wipplash! Because him and the Democrats are whipping that ass with jaw dropping facts. Compared to your dress wearin' puzzy face team. (You think I don't like him"). 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change Groping Quid Pro Joe...winning friends and influencing people everywhere he goes 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
The guilt-ridden #IMPOTUS buckling under pressure continues lying. Again a sorry POS. "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
"Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad" 
Looks like @SenSanders is going to get another house. May be he can be Obama’s neighbor? Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@RonJudy4 @WheyCooler @Neshaminy_C @QDustyTrail @bbyfour @willchamberlain @RepAdamSchiff None of your statement is accurate! 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police 
Peter Schweizer hits Elizabeth Warren for her past Washington 'swamp' tactics 
Take the poll. 
Joe Concha on mockery of Trump supporters by CNN panel: This is why Trump won 
@JRubinBlogger @LindseyGrahamSC And this "Don't decide the case before the cases end" Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
Your boy is on sabbatical from Infowars so please ingest instead also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #Javascript #AmWriting #100DaysOfCode #DesignSprint #Eris #ServiceDesign #Python @DripRT @ShoutGamers #GuildBulletin #HR #Jobs #Eventi 
Homeowners given $20G bill to clean up former California homeless camp 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
@Kaycaulf @WaterBuffalo6 @DonaldJTrumpJr Not sure what u mean by "proof" 
Hey @MarshaBlackburn we praise our #NationalHeros #AlexanderVindman Unlike you, who would rather support a #LiarInChief #ImpeachedForLife @POTUS We will show you the door! #Resistance 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Trump zeroes in on defense team as trial begins 
@RaheemKassam And you think it ok is Trump does it? 
I'll say it again: THE DNC WILL NEVER ALLOW BERNIE SANDERS TO BE PRESIDENT. That is all. 
Amazing Trump! Im all in for 3 terms. Trump 2020 AND Trump 2024! Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
The corruption is so deep and disturbing it’ll take a lifetime to investigate them all. Now this Communist-lover sits &amp; waits to impeach President Trump! His only hope is to get rid of Trump because he’ll certainly never beat him in the 2020 election! 
@amyklobuchar is hands down the best candidate, and will win. #VoteBlue2020 Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
One is a cuckold, the other asks for prayers for family &amp; received from MAGA &amp; the other well... 
@IlhanMN @RashidaTlaib what do you cockroaches think of this? 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Harris: 'We have a criminal living in the White House' 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitious' on evidence: Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand talks about the most outrageous thing she heard today from her Republican colleagues, when they say they aren't hearing anything "new" after they've refused to allow… 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
See? #LyinLiz past is a target. 
@JoeBiden yur fuct 
For Fact’s Sake: Trump did not create the 'greatest' U.S. economy 
#Corruption #PoopPatrol #SanFrancisco San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
@mkraju Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
@realDonaldTrump And every Republican should listen to THIS! PRESS PLAY▶️ 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Ted Cruz: Democrats should be asked what Trump did wrong that they didn't do 'tenfold worse' 
Is Trump open to making Medicare cuts? 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal | 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 😳 I’m so shocked 😮 I’ll never be able to sleep again 🙄 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad #impeachment #SenateImpeachmentTrial #SusanCollins 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war... 
Ha @JoyAnnReid calls this tool a hypocrite and tool calls @TheRickWilson an elite, Rick calls Trump rallies Nazi rallies- DEFINITELY CHECK OUT THIS VIDEO-😅😂🤣Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
CDC: 110 suspected coronavirus cases in US under investigation, number 'will only increase' #SmartNews 
Mississippi inmate becomes ninth from troubled prison to have died in January 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
#NBA legend #KobeBryant reportedly dead in #LA-area helicopter #crash 
Schiff hit on points that are really, really hard to deny: Tester 
As Trump's defense wraps up, Bolton book looms large #AAG #AAG2020 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing ⁦@ChrisCuomo⁩ ⁦@RepJerryNadler⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@DanaBashCNN⁩ 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@HawleyMO The majority of Americans want the pathological lying criminal removed from office! Stop colluding with a thug and a dictator! You are placing yourself on the wrong side of history! #AdamSchiffTRUTHMATTERS 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
. Chris Coons: How will history remember GOP if they shrug off what Trump did? 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
The leader of the tRumplican Party is a MORON! America deserves better and all who keep him in power will be voted out this November 2020. 
@real_defender @realDonaldTrump Yeah right. 😂😂😂😂 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"I've seen a few people look down at their shoes when strong cases are made for national security. To me, they look embarrassed because they know very well what was going on here, and so many of them have spoken out against Russia in the past, and... 
Thank you! "You can bet that he's going to be hearing those words thrown back at him throughout the campaign. Even a week before Election Day – it matters." – Joe Scarborough on Pres. Trump indicating that he is considering cuts to Social Security... 
@RepValDemings Thanks for your excellent Testimony at the #TrumpRemovalTrial 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together':Romney has become John McCain thinks he should be president instead of Trump and will do anything to hurt Trump despite it hurting the country 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Trumps Lawyers: Bolton's Book inadmissible 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Ifill: Kellyanne Conway's excuse for Trump not observing MLK day 'embarassingly incompetent' 
@brsquared Thankfully there tapes to refresh his memory. But answer why would he want to rid a honored ambassador with commendations?. why the smear campaign by Rudy, why the surveillance by Parnas/Hyde 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Kaine: GOP should treat Trump trial 'at least' as seriously as traffic court 
@paul152 @LooknCAFeelinMN @JoeBiden This is a good one, Bernie in Trump Country 
Why is calling this smear book a “bombshell”. It’s anything but! AG Barr has already called Bolton out on a mischaracterization, so who knows what else Bolton lied about. 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
Mike Pompeo. Talk about a #snowflake. 
AMEN‼️-Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ | 
Results do not lie. Sounds like folks aren't interested in these freak shows anymore. Not surprising. Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
10/ Wait, one more, I'm not finished. Watch the below video. @neal_katyal is a former Solicitor General and has argued before SCOTUS. He is a Georgetown Law prof. HE KNOWS BETTER, but he lies anyway. Because power. Now finis, for realz. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump boast’s : 'We have all the material' and they don’t 
Today's homepage features 53 mentions of Trump #TrumpIndex 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Watch this @ roundup of analysis from Day 1 of the Senate impeachment trial. 
Schiff: 'We're not here to make this easy' 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: 'I believe John Bolton' .@SenateGOP .@SenateDems 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested #California #RecallGavinNewsom 
Lawrence on 'high crimes and misdemeanors' 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews omg what a Pompous Dumbass @MAGA @GOP I’ve meet homeless ppl smarter in there finger then he ever was! #DumpDonTheCon #TrumpCompletelyTransactional 
Sen. Cruz praises Alan Dershowitz's 'powerful and compelling' constitutional argument 
Johnson: If senators continue to lack independence and integrity, Trump becomes a dictator 
Told you they would not fire her. Not that she deserves to be fired, but sent to manners school would be better. @espn @wapo @WSJ Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Rand Paul blasts Chuck Schumer for 'defaming' Trump's children 
"Well the book provides rich detail of what we have seen everyday for the last 3 years: That Donald Trump is the most ignorant as well as incompetent individual who has ever held the office of the presidency. I worked for 6 presidents." 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
‘Even a plurality of Republican voters agree that the Senate should consider new information from witnesses -- a position the White House and most GOP lawmakers now oppose’. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@kylegriffin1 @PatrioticDan Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang Great interview!! @YangGang20206 @AndrewYang 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Meghan Markle ‘really regrets’ giving up her Hollywood career for Duchess of Sussex role, royal author claims : THIS BAG REMINDZ ME OF ALL DEM CANDIDATES....WHO WILL SAY ANYTHING TO GET ELECTED. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador #msnbc #CNN #blacktwitter #tntweeters #p2 #uniteblue #politics 
#Biden is an ass. Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change #DemDebate #Election2020 #Trump 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
#PRESIDENTIAL #ImpeachedTrump #RemoveTrump Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
@maddow has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script @POTUS can "want" to withhold aid for any reason, but since he didn't this is a "nothing burger". Ukraine got the aid. 
This alarms me. Why refuse the help? I have my suspicions, and none of them are good. 
Dershowitz slams Maxine Waters: Founding Fathers 'expressly rejected' her 'lawless view' on impeaching Trump 
"In talking to some of my Republican colleagues after the session...the argument seems to have shifted from 'nothing really happened here' to 'yes, something untoward happened, but the election is in 8 months—let's just let the people decide.'" - Sen. King 
Reversing course, many in GOP say Trump's guilt is now irrelevant | 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
The feud between Trump, Bloomberg heats up WHAT AN IDIOT TRUMP IS AND SO FULL OF HATRED FROM ROSEMARY'S BABY! 
@SenatorColllins Do your job. Trump is letting donors and foreign governments run our foreign policy. 
"Kobe Bryant to be honored during Oscars" 
Since Trump won, things changed she says? President Trump woked up the world! Including democrates. Bolton, anybody can make up stories in writing. Videos as evidence, not written documents, and two witness at the scene. So Bolton is a waste of time. 
Sen. Chuck Schumer: Republicans were "fixated" on Adam Schiff during his emotional close Thursday night. #11thHour 
😳🤨The guy has an Ankle Monitor😂 Schumer fails, again. 
Hypocrisy runs deep in the fake news media. What a bunch of hacks. 
Woman reportedly bragged about using medicine to lower temperature at airport’s coronavirus screening 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
What does audio of Trump seeming to order Yovanovitch's firing change? @ It would not change anything regarding President’s power to remove any Ambassador he wants. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Kobe Bryant crash investigators report 'tremendous response' to request for weather photos; NTSB official describes debris field 
“95% of the people want witnesses. People have common sense. Nobody ever heard of a trial without witnesses.” - Senator Angus King (I)... 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Baseball coach killed with Bryant honored at team's opener | 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Laura Ingraham urges moderate GOP senators to avoid 'one night stand' with Democrats on witnesses / I agree with Laura! Quit flirting with the Devil Democrats! 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump || By Steve Benen 
@senatemajldr @GOPLeader @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP @DNC #MAGA Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
True. They are. 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses #SmartNews 
They Just As Bad As Their Lying Client Lying Trump! They Had No Defense So They Like Trump Resorted To Lies ! As Trump's impeachment trial begins, his legal team fires blanks 
@JulE4422 @BernieSanders @RashidaTlaib Julie, (if you really are julie and not a bot) please watch this and learn why what you just said seems pretty ill-informed: 
Canada's first coronavirus cases are confirmed in husband and wife: officials 
John Bolton willing to testify in the impeachment trial if subpoenaed 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table | 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
Fmr. Democratic Senator @russfeingold: Nothing will stop Trump unless the United States Senate and does its job. Learn more: #11thHour 
"Team Trump balked at cooperating with watchdog probe of Ukraine scheme" 
Queen Elizabeth is hiring a traveling sous chef 
Chuck Schumer thinks 10-12 Republicans ‘in play’ for witnesses in impeachment trial 
McConnell balks at risk of extending impeachment proceedings 
Supreme Court not going to fast-track Obamacare 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Hmmm.....and the world sits band watches Female flogging force unveiled in #Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins confirms bid for Georgia Senate 
If corrupt repubes don't come around the trial may head for classification showdown #OneVoice1 #RebelResisters Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
Now is the time for John Kelly to step forward! 
This is the new face of the Democratic Party!! Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Who is Trump going to bribe next?: Sen. Hirono 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
As Donald Trump's Senate impeachment trial gets underway, he'd love to have the American public behind him. But that's clearly not the case. 
🇺🇸🗽⚖👩🏽‍⚕️Since tRump, it's as if the ABA-American Bar Association DIED but ZERO Funeral! Bill "Gestapo" Barr, may even have had Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Murdered to protect his Daddy's reputation &amp; Americans finding out about tRump &amp; "Kiddie Porn" 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
Despite Trump's rhetoric, more troops diagnosed with brain injuries 
analyst argues why abuse of power is 100% impeachable 
The Michigan GOP's spying operation: an exclusive report | 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan pardon me Steve but there is no trust in media that group of asylum escapees hasn't earned any trust #PsychoticMedia 
Ok, so the standard for impeachment seems pretty wonky. If you're a Democrat, it's a blowjob. If you're a Republican, abuse of power isn't enough. Let's hope Donnie can keep his pants up. #ImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachTrump #IMPOTUS 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
@dmasley Nothing new: @briebriejoy makes stuff up all the time. Here’s her saying that 30-40 MILLION Americans die EVERY MONTH because they do not have access to health care. (5:15) 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize | 
This Is Probably Started By Their Government To Reduce The Population... 
@baltimoresun From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump's children should sue Chuck Schumer for defamation 
Sen. Harris: @SenKamalaHarris Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected #SenateTrial #SenateImpeachmentTrial #Senateimpeachment 
"Trump's impeachment defense rests on a foundation of falsehoods" SOOOOOOOO FAR WHAT HAS HAPPENED IN THE SENATE TRIAL IS NOT THE HUNT FOR THE TRUTH , BUT CONTINUING TO BLOCK AND OBSTRUCT THE SAME . 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
Joe Biden: Beau walks with me; I know he's part of me 
Someone's worried.... "Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
What happened on Day 1 of Trump's Senate impeachment trial 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
@SenMcSallyAZ Trump &amp; the complicit GOP—that’s you @MarthaMcSally—are the biggest danger to our Social Security. Trump *just* said at some point he would look at cutting Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial @NBCNews 
#inothernews #NeverForget Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly: "I believe John Bolton." 
Day 1 of impeachment trial ends after 13 hours 
Joe: Why would a senator question the patriotism of a war hero? 
Interesting, there is an article out about two Chinese doctors that stole the virus from a Canadian disease lab and shipped it to China to the very lab that's in the town where the outbreak is! 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that Lemon as in LEMON CAR NEWS AND COMENTARY--THINK THEY ARE SMART REVEALING THEIR IQ 70 
"The volume is going to much higher — there will be yelling, there will be passionate gesticulation on the floor ... but the substance will be next to zero," @Lawrence says of Pres. Trump's upcoming legal defense. "They simply do not have facts to argue." 
The moron used the military as a prop, he cares nothing for them 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
@pastorbegley @BeholdIsrael @New_World_Rel @johnhaller54 @OurJewishRoots @cioccolanti @jdfarag @YehudahGlick It’ll be interesting 2 see what Trump backers say about Trump’s Deal of the Century for two-state Israel. The most DANGEROUS thing possible! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
@donlemon I believe Dustin Hice! 
Go 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Dang ⁦@adamwilbourn⁩ must be doing something right. #Respect 
Bolton manuscript delivers series of shocks to Trump impeachment 
Yet..."Trimp" brags that economy is stronger because of him. Bottom line...he should just be ignored on anything he says. What's important is keeping an eye on what he does!🙁 As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' #Topbuzz 
McCaskill: Argument by Trump's legal team is 'weak tea' 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
@realDonaldTrump So.. what did you mean when you ask to “take her out” when talking to your friend #LevParnas ? @JudgeJeanine 
The president himself is the best witness, says congresswoman 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
James Carville: Trumpism greatest threat ‘since fall of communism’ 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@HappyManor @rblay1981 @lamarls @Ilhan and here is LITERAL FOX NEWS REPORTING ON WHEN HE SUGGESTED DUAL LOYALTIES 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @wef #WednesdayWisdom #WednesdayMotivation Flip-Flopping #LIAR #DonaldTrump's Tour de Force of #LYING Many #LIES!!! Spoiled #Rich Kid #Trump &amp; his Toadies Are Getting Ready to Cut #SocialSecurity, #Medicare, and/or #Medicaid!!! #Promise-Made, NOT KEPT!!! . 
@senrobportman WITNESSES!!!! Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Coronavirus outbreak: US urges Americans to 'reconsider' China travel, plans to move personnel out of Wuhan 
They're nicknamed "the cows of the sea," but 2019 saw a record number of manatees killed by boaters in Florida. While the species was just reclassified from "endangered" to "threatened" in 2017, the growing trend has conservationists alarmed. 
@realDonaldTrump I have been sending emails to daily letting them know my opinion on all of this. If everyone started doing this .. might get some where. 
We're witnessing non-linear change. 2°C is unavoidable. When will it hit? Emissions are far higher, and still increasing, 6 years after M. Mann suggested 2036 as a threshold for environmental ruin. New models show 2°C by 2040. 
The IMPEACHED Presidents lawyer either knowingly lied or is ignorant of the truth! These people need to be put in jail or worse! #FairTrial #ForThePeople McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede What they need to do is petition the removal of the governor 
"Prince Harry, Meghan Markle knew 'fairly early on' royal life 'just wasn’t working out,' Harvey Levin says" FOX NEWS 
What the Trump administration is doing to help the NYC homeless crisis 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
@realDonaldTrump 69% of Republicans want public witness testimony in Senate trial. How do you conduct a fair trial without witnesses? What could you possibly wish to accomplish by withholding eye witnesses? How about A COVER-UP!?!? 
Did anyone send Adam Schiff tickets? Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Female Flogging Force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law. ...Just Another Day In Misogynist Islam. 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
On impeachment, polling points to some 'national consensus' | 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Harm of leaving Trump unchecked on privilege could be irreparable @MadisonSiriusXM ⁦@karenhunter⁩ ⁦@DrJasonJohnson⁩ ⁦@marclamonthill⁩ ⁦@CharlesMBlow⁩ ⁦@Yamiche⁩ ⁦@AprilDRyan⁩ ⁦⁦@JoyAnnReid 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote REMEMBER HOW SHE TREATED THE JUDGE-SNEAKY 
@MikeSmi59023006 @lisakitter @DilleyShow Like this from MMA fighter Conor McGregor to our President after he was congratulated 
#Bolton 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
@reversemtgfl @LiberalBeGone @SCNorman1 @topsecretk9 @GaviPredescu @AlHolmes66 @lynn521tr @lisa_lamtella @RealBigKahuna1 @TexasTea18 @cautioncontent @BigBlueHen2 @CreteHasHimNow @gigi030308 @_friedbiscuits_ @Sambo32166 @barrykamen @MAstoilet @RobbieWilsdorf @Samepage79 @SteveSHereNYC @Risa62123359 @Global_Barista_ @mdtakintexas @chook57rar @SabrinaCath @Rockets_Fan007 @my6girls2012 @DJT45MAGA @MASFD8 @BeautifulBlair7 @lvaccola @ProspectWatch @whoya @pgunshots1 @kristinerockwe3 @ChienneLuv3 @NataliaMBM @MFRJonez @roset2912 @DDBall4life @DanSchultz2 @bearbeer1111 @kdgsdmom @KayeMarcy @Thenews21 @LuvGirlPower2 @LorinPhotograph @MichaelAvenatti @nypmetro Lol. Actually Potus is coming. It’ll probably be on FOX. Bring CPL a tv. 
McConnell already loses grip on GOP, softens rules after caucus 'ate his lunch' 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" @realDonaldTrump When you have no defence you attack the process. Problem is the Dems did EVERYTHING by the book. The Repugnants are nothing but a bunch of whiners. 
Khan: New travel ban only for "political expediency" | January 26, 2020 #news 
@Mimirocah1 @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Does this offend you? 
Wallace: GOP treatment of impeachment trial is 'positively Russian' 
Philadelphia man surrenders after Allen Iverson's backpack stolen with $500G in jewelry inside 
Susan Rice calls out Trump, says he used office for his own gain 
Watch this video Joe had me in tears 
Senators showing a ‘more exaggerated’ dynamic in the chamber as trial continues 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Wallace: This was not a legal defense of Trump, it was a political one 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
How Ken Starr 'dragged the corpse of irony out of the grave' 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
@realDonaldTrump Rut Ro Donny Boi. Your swamp just got deeper. Bone spurs can't getchya outta this one. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Romney: 'I think it's very likely I'll be in favor of witnesses' 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
🤔What do they all have in common? 5. Baton Rouge, LA - DEMOCRAT mayor 4. New Orleans, LA - DEMOCRAT mayor 3. Detroit, MI - DEMOCRAT mayor 2. Baltimore, MD - DEMOCRAT mayor 1. St. Louis, MO - DEMOCRAT mayor 
If they still taught US history in our schools, colleges, and Hollywood entertainment, every American would know that America's worst traitor was Benedict Arnold, a war hero. @grossman4nj 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #CNN #MSNBC 
"With a whimper, State Dept ends examination of Clinton emails" 
Thursday’s Mini-Report, 1.23.20 
You are a liar and a POS and there's nothing you can do to change what you did! Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
@pbump How do you do this analysis without referencing the words "I would like you to do us a favour, though."? 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
I wouldn't bother since he's a Republican and he won't break away Why all eyes are on Lamar Alexander at Trump impeachment trial 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying #ImpeachAndRemove #ImpeachAndRemoveTrump #ImpartialJustice #WitnessesAndDocuments @SenatorRomney @senmikelee #BoltonMustTestify 
The Ingraham Angle - Monday, January 27 
⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ ⁦@NRSC⁩ ⁦@SenateFloor⁩ ⁦@HouseGOP⁩ ⁦@HouseFloor⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ #maga #MAGA2020 Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
No it isn't a private club @AOC but it also IS NOT A FREE LUNCH for #illegal #immigrants AOC attacks Trump's migrant welfare rule: American dream isn't a 'private club with a cover charge' 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials #SmartNews 
From Kobe to Bolton, a weekend of major news 
From a party that is #against #bullying? I'd #proceed with #caution @donlemon a lot of #caution 🤫 
Guilfoyle blasts 'dangerous' San Fran DA who was raised by Ayers, worked for Chavez 
#TrumpRallyNJ 👏 #JeffVanDrew 👏 EX #Democrat 👍 👊 Love the woman in Pink "Docs for Trump 2020" Go #POTUS 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; vehicle did not have terrain warning system: NTSB 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Biden for Bolton? Will Dems and GOP each get a Trump... 
Remove #lockhimup 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested Bingo! 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump wraps up defense 
@RachelVeres @skinnyspiritual @larsp2740 @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Where you at @skinnyspiritual also has conservatives on. Receipt: 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails 
How about listening... Ijs 
Donald Trump, a very stable genius, tries to read the Constitution 
Sen. Paul: I don't think it matters what Bolton has to say 
From Discover on Google 
Geraldo Rivera breaks down in tears recalling horrific 'smell, sound and sight' of Willowbrook institution #SmartNews 
@dcexaminer @latimes @OhioNewsBureau @IowaNewspaper @seanhannity @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @TheFive @ap @Reuters #WalkAway #BLEXIT @realDonaldTrump John Bolton is proving to be the most decisive selfish person in US History! GOP, NO ON WITNESSES! 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says Hell. Don’t bring them here. 
Impeachment trial may be headed for a classification showdown 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change | 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
If you don't believe the MSM controls your opinions and your politics you really don't have a clue ....Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Coronavirus outbreak prompts CDC to update China travel recommendations - 
@RepAdamSchiff Trump admitted keeping documents from Congress and Senate 
It is an election rally and Trump want the 2020 for not only himself but for a republican's congress and senate. It is a vote Republican rally. 
#Trump scorches #Bolton , says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ #impeachment #hoax 
Giuliani associate Lev Parnas tells maddow: "It was never about corruption. It was strictly about Burisma, which included Hunter Biden and Joe Biden." 
video: Rachel Maddow interviews Lev Parnas - Part 2 Lev Parnas, federally indicted associate of Donald Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani, talks with Rachel Maddow in an exclusive interview about his role in the Ukraine scheme that would lead to Trump's removal 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' 
: America's top 5 deadliest cities &amp; Mayors. 5. Baton Rouge - Sharon Broome - DEMOCRAT 4. New Orleans - LaToya Cantrell – DEMOCRAT 3. Detroit - Michael Duggan – DEMOCRAT 2. Baltimore - Bernard Young – DEMOCRAT 1. St. Louis - Lyda Krewson - DEMOCRAT 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@JTruckOffrd Trump accomplished this with disabled veterans 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
I call and email my Democratic senators every other day even though I know they’re doing all they can to save our democracy. Democrats have to... 
@CortesSteve desperately tries to defend Trump &amp; GOP...but @TheRickWilson, @RadioFreeTom and @DavidJollyFL firmly call him on his BS. Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' ...they are .. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @netanyahu @gantzbe @WhiteHouse Pence is after your job: 
"Facing daunting facts, Trump lawyer pushes 'even if true' defense" 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
@JoeNBC @Morning_Joe ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 📹 🎞 👉🏻 
Must watch clip from @JoyAnnReid Trump supporter Steve Cortes gets schooled by @RadioFreeTom @TheRickWilson and @DavidJollyFL 
Go Bernie Sanders; Snopes this lazy, non self supporting free-loader. Everyone cry; did you ever use Snopes? Read it yourself people.....He's a looser just like his hero Karl Marx. 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest #WitnessesAndDocuments 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Don't dismiss @AndrewYang until you listen to him. This interview is an excellent introduction. 
"Beau should be the one running for president, not me. Every morning I get up, Joe, not a joke, I think to myself is he proud of me." --@JoeBiden 
@DavePerrino @DevinNunes @RepMarkMeadows @GOP The same week Biden said he could beat Trump. Interesting timing! 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
‘Guiltiest president ever:’ Rep. Raskin on start of impeachment trial 
@mkraju Graham in 1998: 'Don't decide the case before the case's end ... 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Shared from Yandex Zen 
Rescued green turtle poops out wide range of human trash 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
President Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution. Palestinians would have to reach certain benchmarks for statehood: rooting out terrorism, stopping what they call “pay to slay” &amp; implementing steps toward free speech. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Time to shut down travel ⁦@marcorubio⁩ ⁦@TedYoho⁩ ⁦@GovRonDeSantis⁩ Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation | . 
From Discover on Google 
💥Dana Perino: CNN segment mocking Trump supporters was 'really offensive' 
Eliminate “official misconduct- government gang- unjust practices- abuse- MURDER- FRAUD- CRIME- INJUSTICE NETWORKS” operation.. Chris Matthews sizes up the 2020 field 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
Bad move Mike Rapture Pompeo 
"@realdonaldTrump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Donald Trump: The master of opening his mouth and inserting his foot. The man is an embarrassment to our country. The sooner he is removed from office the better! Excerpt: Addressing... 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Former Belgium King Albert II admits he fathered child in extramarital affair over 50 years ago 
Ethics slips involving Navy SEALs, Army Green Berets stem from combat culture, review finds 
US budget deficit to exceed $1 trillion this year: CBO 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
#MoscowMitch and his corrupt @GOP cronies get creative to suppress witnesses sure to confirm #Trump's guilt. 🤬 @SenateGOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in #ImpeachmentTrial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source #MAGA 
Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump #TrumpIsGuilty #MarshaBlackburn #GOPHypocrisy 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change BIDEN couldn't spare with a wet paper bag. He would lose. Man has no clue where his at or what he said. Seriously mental health ck is needed. 
Full audio of Lev Parnas audio of alleged Trump conversation 
Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Barbara Boxer: Trump's legal team seems unprepared 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' 
Bing Isn’t this rich. Bolton supported by Trump’s former Chief of Staff Kelly as telling the truth. But Republicans want #NOWitnesses and #Notruth. 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
He's saying f**k you America. 
Hey @MrCleanSF. What’s up with this? And @SpeakerPelosi, where do you stand on this matter? San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
These trial days go so long, the march of arguments can get overwhelming. So we are reporting out one highlight segment for every trial day, and here's the *new one*: Democrats move from "Can I get a witness" to a punishing case for abuse of power: 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording - NBC News @nuzzel 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Turns out Pompeo is a vindictive and retaliatory rat bastard. Trump’s brother from another mother. #FakeChristianity 
I know that @cnnbrk and Don Lemon are pathetic. But right now everyone is giving them the attention they so desperately seek. Here you go @donlemon 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede DO YOU REALLY WANT MONEY GRABBING EVANGELICAL PREACHERS TO RUN THIS COUNTRY? GEORGE WALLACE IS ALIVE AND WELL IN THESE ASSES 
#RemoveTraitorRepublicans #Trump supporter and Never Trumper debate president’s GOP impact 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that If you ask me those three men are arrogant asses! 
FDR threw Japanese Americans into concentration camps and LBJ was a well known racist. 🤦🏻‍♂️ 
"Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump" 
Flash top headlines for Jan. 28 | 
We have to make sure he does not win in 2029. Come on Soutt Carolina “Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020" 
@harrisonjaime shares his views on @LindseyGrahamSC's Jekyll and Hyde relationship with Trump as well as Lindsey's complete disregard of his constituents in South Carolina. #VoteHarrison2020 
Trump assured us that he’d never cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid, the idiot adopted a different posture this week. Asked whether entitlements would ever end up on his plate, Trump replied, “At some point they will be &amp; take a look at that.” 
'True American bad---': Tomi Lahren applauds dad who confronted Warren over student debt policy 
"Friday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.24.20" 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
@realDonaldTrump John Bolton has written in his unpublished book that President Trump personally tied aid to Ukraine to investigating Democrats, including the Bidens. The New York Times’ Michael Schmidt speaks with Kasie Hunt about his reporting tonight. 
Lindsey Graham says Bolton's reported manuscript claims have 'kind of thrown the country into a ditch' #SmartNews 
Rep. Adam Schiff: "If right doesn't matter, we are lost!" 
Dems breeze past Trump in new 2020 polling 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others #CNN #MSNBC 
Sen. King: It's 'bizarre' if Bolton is not brought in to testify 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@aces_jeff @BergScotty @RepAndyBiggsAZ @realDonaldTrump Moving full, unredacted, unaltered, word for word transcript to a top secret server meant for covert operations: Sounds like Nixon tapes. No rhyme or reason for this move accept to HIDE incriminating material. 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | Pompeo will eventually be indicted for his crimes of complicity &amp; CoConspiracy to violate Federal laws. His career and political life is over! #RIPPompeo 
@SenatorRomney read this Senator. 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 👉Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base Okay, BUT I think it is time to suspend ALL further travel 2 🇺🇸from🇨🇳 4 the time being. #Coronavirus #Deadly #KeepAmericaSafe 👍 
Schiff praised for presentation of evidence at impeachment trial 
Lee Zeldin: Media refuses to say what part of Biden-Ukraine allegations aren't true 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Grandson of George H.W. Bush running for Congress #AAG #AAG2020 
This is what donor dinners with Trump are like? People he claims he doesn't know discuss who to fire and how long Ukraine can last? And he acts on their advice? That is terrifying! Audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
What a look into the political crystal ball says about GOP 
@realDonaldTrump You said you may cut entitlements in ur second term including social security. Medicare and Medicaid are also targets. You said they're the easiest to cut. 
Benjamin Netanyahu: Trump is the 'best friend Israel has ever had in White House' 
Up until this point the @GOP Senators could deflect and discredit evidence but now with #JohnBolton they cannot avoid it anymore. Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' 
Kirschner: McConnell attempting to bury impeachment hearing in 'dead of night' to hide unfairness 
Schumer to offer amendments to fix 'many flaws' in McConnell impeachment proposal. That’s would be a good thing, Right.All it all seems they don’t want Citizens of the USA. To watch this Senate trial of impeachment of trump. Seems like it to me. ❤️🇺🇸 
Sen. Romney: "I think it’s increasingly likely that other Republicans will join those of us who think we should hear from John Bolton" in the impeachment trial. 
Kobe and Gianna Bryant mentioned by Senate champlain in powerful pre-impeachment prayer 
USDA rules on pork inspection to change for first time in 50 years 
GOP senator: New audio tape 'not really relevant' give him a fijet spinner let him play on our tax dollars. 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
"GOP's Hawley questions Bolton's status as 'a firsthand witness'" 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
President Trump rails about the impeachment trial in morning tweetstorm, with multiple misleading assertions or falsehoods. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
In our latest Beat Breakdown, @AriMelber reports on the latest "complications" in Trump's trial including Sen. Mitch McConnell's huddle with his caucus over witnesses and the drama over John Bolton. 
Tennessee voters weigh in on Trump impeachment 
@marklevinshow tweets and asks waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' #JohnBolton should testify 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses #TrumpTapes #AdamSchiffTRUTHMATTERS #TrumpImpeachment #BlueWave2020 #AmericansWantWitnesses #AdamSchiff #MoscowMarsha #MoscowMitchCoverUp #LindseyGrahamIsACoward #SusanCollinsShade 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
#2d4046559a8a5fb482d553b9ebb7ea13 #fnc #fncentertainment #article Justin Bieber admits he questioned if he could 'be faithful' to Hailey Baldwin before marriage proposal 
"Why the GOP's manufactured outrage over Schiff is so unbelievable" 
The Troll of Russia hiding from the #sibereansenate. @SenateGOP 
Check this out 5. Baton Rouge - Democrat Mayor 4. New Orleans - Democrat Mayor 3. Detroit - Democrat Mayor 2. Baltimore - Democrat Mayor 1. St. Louis - Democrat Mayor Common Bond - Top 5 Deadliest Cities In America I Wonder About The Top 100 Stats 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Three female impeachment managers say public will see trial as 'rigged' if Trump acquitted 
'Ol Earl. Republican role model... 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' 
Tomb of Iron Age mystery man discovered in Italy. And there's a chariot inside. - 
Tom Del Beccaro: Trump impeachment illustrates serious danger of criminalization of politics 
@ILHANMN Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
An alien in America... 
Perfectly stated, @, @chrislhayes. Everyone is on to you, @senatemajldr, @LindseyGrahamSC, @SenateGOP 
@MittRomney @NikkiHaley @RandPaul @SenTedCruz @KTLA @SenateGOP I’d STRONGLY advise @SenateGOP to immediately, &amp; soundly, reject &amp; denounce this “deal of the future”. Who knows what will happen to @GOP &amp; USA if you dont, but instead support it! 
GOP keeps asking for more evidence, but won't allow people who have it to testify 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
We deserve ALL of the testimony. —McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
CDC: 110 suspected coronavirus cases in US under investigation, number 'will only increase' 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Tucker: What you're missing during the impeachment saga 
A lot of NJ Forgotten men and woman looking to Mr. Trump for a voice? Some started lining up day in advance? CNN's Lemon Head said what about these good people? Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
You trust Russia? @GOPSenate Russian interference “sweeping and systematic.” TRANSCRIPT: 4/19/19, Hardball w/ Chris Matthews. 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Islam at its finest.. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Schiff calls Trump 'vindictive' after president's Twitter attacks you are a fake news scumbag Network Schiff Nadler Pelosi scumbags! God Bless America God bless Donald J Trump .President like it or not!! 
Chris Murphy: Trump defense 'helped our case to win a vote on witnesses' 
Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally | 
@realDonaldTrump CHICKEN GUILTY SHIT 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Can the Senate subpoena the manuscript for Bolton's unpublished book?: NBC Justice Correspondent, Pete Williams, discusses the possibility of Bolton's unpublished book getting subpoenaed by the Senate. 
Former Watergate prosecutor slams Trump lawyers’ arguments 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
New audio of Kobe Bryant helicopter crash discovered; aircraft did not have terrain warning system: NTSB What a mistake. 
Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
Sharia Law Rocks.!!! Coming soon to America! -we NEED it. You better cover yourself up properly girls!!!!! 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan #SmartNews 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees | 
Super Bowl advertisers gear up for golden opportunity 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
"Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
@BernieSanders pulls ito the lead nationally with non white voters 🐎🔥 #HelloSomebody 🙌🏾🙌🏿🙌🙌🏻❤ 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
@realDonaldTrump This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
2020 Watch: @TulsiGabbard takes her Democratic presidential campaign to the slopes - as the Hawaii congresswoman shreds it up with supporters at @CranmoreMtn in NH - TODAY on politics #nhpolitics #FITN #2020Election #TulsiGabbard 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt 
The first day of Trump's impeachment trial was an opportunity for his defense team to bring its A game. There was just one problem: his lawyers had no A game to bring, 
Mitt Romney: 'Increasingly apparent we need to hear from John Bolton' ROMNEY HASNT FIGURED OUT WHO HIS PARTY IS. VOTE AS A BLOCK 63 MILLION TRUMP VOTERS EXPECT THAT. .@MittRomney you R the new Jeff flake! If CNN likes you you Are doing something wrong! 
@SenSchumer @nytimes What is maddening about impeachment proceedings is there is no doubt about Trump’s guilt; the facts are undisputed And there’s a pattern here: Trump engaged in an even deeper conspiracy with Russian intel in 2016 and covered it up #AllRoadsLeadToPutin 
This virus is NO JOKE !!! We need travel restrictions NOW !!!! As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper | 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Sen. Kaine makes an appeal for witnesses and documents in the Senate impeachment trial: "I just think it's so hard to say that this trial should be conducted at a lesser standard than at the traffic court in the city of Richmond." 
@tturner1234 @vexedinthecity @Slate @realDonaldTrump Good question. 
Peter Schweizer on media bias, his new book and the 'two sides to Joe Biden' | 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
"Unwilling to present a defense, White House skips impeachment hearings" 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low America doesn’t care for the liberal gathering 
Clinton Cash: Confidant revealed as buyer of $20M Rockefeller home 
Schumer on Trump defense team: 'Their whole argument is diversion' 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Excerpt: Mother Jones’ Kevin Drum has explained this more than once: Trump used military aid as a way to extort a personal benefit from Ukraine. That’s the start and the finish... 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan #news 
"Her technique was nice." ?!?! Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law - 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
British Airways suspends China flights amid coronavirus outbreak 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees The democrats are going to disenfranchise Bernie and his supporters again! #Bernie2020 
From Discover on Google 
@RobertoWinsSher House thinks otherwise about Biden. 
☟ Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' #BreakingNews #foxnews ➽➽➽ 
Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth #FoxPolitics 
@lisssa_sampson @beamerofjoy @ConflictsW @NPR Here I even used a article from a bees org you agree with. But the fact remains I agree with him. Not sure how this is keeping people from voting? Here is a article on voting issues that have been proven. 
Impeach this, Dems!🇺🇸👇 Trump supporters camp out in bitter cold ahead of rally | 
Democracy 2020 Digest: Tulsi shreds on New Hampshire slopes: MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Coco Gauff joins Serena Williams in US team for Fed Cup 
Trump admits to obstruction in Davos: 
Wow I guess I gotta give a #yangmediashoutout On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
@SteveGuest @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @WajahatAli @TheRickWilson As @donlemon is accused of sexual assault... too bad @CNN won’t report on it.. Doesn’t fit their #MeToo narrative.. 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected So pathetic... 
Kirschner: McConnell attempting to bury impeachment hearing in 'dead of night' to hide unfairness 
Marsha Blackburn has always been a louse. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
I will be guest editing the @ Daily Newsletter this week, which promises to be a busy news week. You can subscribe here. 
Why Bolton's book bombshell has jolted the impeachment debate 
The problem is not just that the senator is wrong; it's that he's taking great pride in being wrong. Braun is flaunting his indifference toward reality. 
@realDonaldTrump #RemoveTrumpNow No you are wrong again! Why do you continually make yourself look like a moron? 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
@SSmirker @morningj @DonaldJTrumpJr -The DOD certified that the Ukraine wasn’t corrupt. -Trump never complained about corruption in previous years but did when Biden became a political opponent -If Trump was concerned about Ukrainian corruption, the people to ask to investigate are the FBI 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
It’s like he is begging to be replaced... Lindsey Graham 'promises' ACA repeal if Republicans win in 2020 | 
Our Founders are smiling for our Constitution and its checks and balances --- McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book throws trial script into doubt #SmartNews 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
@POTUS @netanyahu @Israel @IsraelPRcom @infoisraelnet @JudgeJeanine @JudicialWatch Ha'nah Yah'uah, another scheme of @speakerpelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @TheDemocrats @LibDems to take over Your Trail, O Sovereign of Abraham, Yast'khaq &amp; Ya'aqub! CC @POTUS @netanyahu @Israel @IsraelPRcom @infoisraelnet @JudgeJeanine @JudicialWatch 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe 
I have totally NOT seen the John Bolton manuscript. Also, I have never ever met John Bolton. Never heard of him. ~@realDonaldTrump 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
# - @BernieSanders takes lead with non-white voters. #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs #PresidentSanders 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ ⁦@MittRomney.....⁩ just more of the schim sham rom bomb show. Somebody is going to humpty-dumpty soon. 
The biggest Senate moments from Thursday 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Figliuzzi: The only way to combat Bolton testimony would be to put Trump on the stand 
Coronavirus: Outrage over Chinese blogger eating 'bat soup' sparks apology 
@DavidJollyFL This guy.......plead the fifth 75 times. #PleadtheFifth 
Mark Levin says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment 
Freedom of information act may come into play here. 
Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails | 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
The president says Rep Nadler is a 'sleazebag' 
Looks like more Hillary Hugh handed interference and cheating. 😂 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Mohammed Nuru @MrCleanSF, the head of San Francisco Public Works, which is in charge of cleaning up the city’s feces-filled streets, has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of accepting bribes for airport concession contracts. 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
@StevenTDennis Thune (R-Russia), the one that visited Moscow on the 4th of July? That Thune? 
Please, do yourself and those you love a favor: Read this piece by warrior @GerriWillisFBN Gerri Willis: My upcoming cancer surgery -- Lessons for every woman 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang 
Most #viral News Now: Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank.. 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight November is going to be epic!!! This is Blue New Jersey 
Elizabeth Warren reacts to NYT Bolton bombshell 
Ivanka Trump rips “disgusting” CNN panel that mocked Trump supporters: “You consistently make fun of half the country and then complain that it is divided. The arrogance, mocking accents and smug ridicule of this nation’s ‘Real Elites’ is disgusting.” 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
This Day in History: Jan. 28 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script ANOTHER CAVANAUGH! One witness will lead to a whole cast of prepared actors. This is not justice rather a well crafted Political Strategy. 
Trump told parnas to take her out of which by law has no authority so to take someone out with no llegal authority what did he really mean,the only time i heard that was from mafia and military. 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments ‼️ 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Democrats demand that Bolton testify in the Senate impeachment trial after a NYTimes report Sunday night surfaced new details from Bolton’s upcoming book about the president and Ukraine. 
He was excellent...! 
Questions swirl around AG Barr as Trump impeachment trial begins 
Peter Schweizer: @berniesanders, wife, daughter PLUNDERING MILLIONS OF $$$. Wife Jane bankrupted Burlington College - but took MILLIONS of $$$ from them - and daughter Carina's woodworking school received $500,000 from the college. Sanders is a FRAUD 
So basically, if Bolton testifies it's all over. 
@BobMadia1 @sophiesmother95 @dcexaminer @donlemon @TheRickWilson @WajahatAli @realDonaldTrump The South voted for him across the board. They love the white supremacy he spews. They love “Go back where you came from”. They love being anti “coastal elite”. Except one thing. Their leader is taking them for a ride and making money at every turn. 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
We need to vote out Meadows, won't rule out Trump's right to seek foreign help investigating Americans 
Tsk tsk. E tu Schiffty? #AdamHasaTruthProblem #ReleaseThe18thDeposition #AtkinsonTestifiedToo Adam Schiff-Ukraine connection comes under scrutiny | 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
Adam Schiff-Ukraine connection comes under scrutiny 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Oh man, the #BernieBros are gonna hate this! The folks at the @DNC are going to try &amp; screw ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ over agin, Guaranteed. 
@benjaminwittes @JoyAnnReid @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @RadioFreeTom @CortesSteve @ Here ya go! @JoyAnnReid took control and told Steve to sit down and be quiet. Loved it. 
@realDonalTrump #ImpeachTrump #LockTrumpUp NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
It's just incredible this man's disconnect with laws and parliamentary process. "Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book" 
Warren, Klobuchar get dual New York Times endorsement 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
72% of the American public want a full and fair trial of Trump by the Senate ... but Trump has Mitch McConnell doing his bidding as a bunch of TV lawyers make a mockery of the proceedings. 
McConnell says GOP doesn’t have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Trump’s impeachment trial witness vote teetering on ‘razor’s edge,’ keep eye on possible ‘devil’s bargain’ 
'Take her out': Voice appearing to be Trump's heard on tape demanding Yovanovitch firing 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
NBC News: Trump White House may bring forward motion to dismiss 
Sekulow: Impeachment isn't really about Ukraine or Trump's phone call 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews GOOD! So get to it bunch of crooked asses! 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote C’mon Dee ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ , #DoTheRightThing ... for once. Make your mama proud. 
Raise your hand if your president was never audiotaped for over an hour 🖐🏼 #ParnasTape Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses. It will be the American voters who put @SenateGOP #HeadOnAPike 
Is this the plan to clean up CA? Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
PROGRESSIVE SOCIALIST Ivanka Trump praises Greta Thunberg: 'She's elevated awareness and that’s a positive thing' 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
White supremacist Dylann Roof appeals death penalty in church massacre 
"Everything to know about the 2020 Oscars" FOX NEWS 
"'Octomom' Natalie Suleman posts photo of 'miracle' octuplets on their 11th birthday" 
Go straight to Hell, MSNCB. 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
I 7lMcCaskill: Trump's lawyer just stood in front of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and lied 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Trump's defense looks shaky on first day of impeachment trial 
Utah has Trump State TV stations I called- they are allowed local weather &amp; sports but must read EXACT Trump news @AnnRomney @MittRomney Salt Lake City, UTKUTV, 2012-CBS (KMYU simulcast) KJZZ-TV14 -2016,Independent St. George, UT, 2012CBS 
@Debbie22210 @Twitrichy @RudyGiuliani @realDonaldTrump absolute immunity is not the same as executive privilege 
NYT: Bolton was worried Trump was doing favors for autocratic leaders 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
"'Death Valley': Trump laments possible ratings for his trial defense" 
Remember In November Another example of how @cnn @msnbc and the partisan liberal media think of President @realdonaldtrump and his supporters. Does it remind you of the other 2016 candidate..? @foxandfriends @varneyco @teamcavuto @tuckercarlson 
@lookner China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary | 
@kristijrn @JoeOgno @Nocturne20C @RoseAnnDeMoro @Giovasummer @SenSanders So, about all that 
Hosted By MFrazz: Brad Pitt wore a name tag to Oscars luncheon, sending social media into a frenzy 
.@realDonaldTrump #MeToo .@donlemon is a pig. Period. End of story. #DonLemon 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump Sir, this fell out of your pocket when you put on your coat 
Vikings Chris Doleman 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law ... 
MURDERER FOTIS DULOS IS DEAD! DETAILS TO FOLLOW 💥💥💥 Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Why does Trump use a different microphone than past presidents? 
You are Disgraceful Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Buttigieg: Polls show I'm best to take on Trump bullshyyyyt clueless about immigration laws, convoluted complex incredibly long. Stop lying howdy doody. Since it's already in place giving welfare is a soft issue. 
Pentagon says more troops injured after Jan. 8 rocket attack in Iraq 
home sick from Infowars so read for the duration #FishingForRobots #Eris #AmReading #Jobs @ShoutGamers #AI #GiletsJaunes #DigitalHealth #Javascript #ImWithHer #DesignThinking @DripRT #BigData @DNRRTs #Hockey #FreeCalifornia #TrenRoca #Python 
Diverted to San Francisco, then Ontario, CA, then to March AFB, near Riverside, CA . 🤔💭🧐 Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Rep. Schiff on President Trump’s impeachment trial: “The president’s team would like nothing more than to provoke a bitter conflict. We’re not going to let them.” 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Harris: Giuliani's involvement in Ukraine policy points to personal political benefit for Trump This dimwitted Racist Harris knows zilch. She couldn't even run a presidential campaign. 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
On Ukraine scandal, GOP tries to revive bogus 'corruption' argument | 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of his book 
National poll: US majority wants to see ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ removed from office #ImpeachTrump #WorstPresidentEver 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
@JamesBrownsDead GOP debt hawks are gone. Dems have been more fiscally responsible, historically. On abortion, Dems deem it better to leave the hard choices out of government hands. It doesn't mean they each value life less then you, but perhaps they value freedom more. 
Chris Matthews calls the figures surrounding Trump a mob: “This crowd is running the government, it’s unbelievable.” 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@Aneetchkoo @vietthanhsports @JamieBabsLife guess again.....lol 
@sfchronicle From - Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
President Trump gives public support to Sec. Pompeo following Pompeo's berating treatment of an NPR host: "I think you did a good job on her." Nicolle Wallace says this broadcasts the "complete and total rot" in the White House. #TrumpNazis #ConvictTrump 
@PressSec @RepAdamSchiff So did Trey Gowdy during the Benghazi investigation 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
2 satellites will narrowly avoid colliding over Pennsylvania on Wednesday @21stScience #News 
Mark Levin says Democrats' impeachment case has been an embarrassment | 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
FULL AUDIO: Here’s the full 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video provided by Lev Parnas of Trump at a 2018 donor dinner. 
Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion #SmartNews 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Deroy Murdock: Trump Senate trial -- Democrat impeachment managers voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine 
July 4th 2018 while Danes Montana lies to his constituents and said he was in DC 
@realDonaldTrump Why didn’t YOU release this? 
Man fatally shot while handcuffed inside police cruiser: Maryland police 
@MarshaBlackburn Do you think Americans are stupid? Do you think it's okay to cynically try to force-feed Americans lies? Resign. "Trump used military aid as a way to extort a personal benefit from Ukraine...as plain an example of abuse of power as you could imagine." 
Sen. Van Hollen on the possibility that Hunter Biden could be called by Republicans to testify in the impeachment trial against President Trump: "Hunter Biden is a total sideshow." 
Tribe: Dershowitz defense of Trump ‘extreme’ and ‘dangerous’ 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza FTA: The Palestinians, though, refuse to even speak to Trump, saying he's biased in favor of Israel, and they are calling on Arab representatives to reject 
@RepMikeJohnson @realDonaldTrump Boom right back at you traitor. 
Democratic presidential candidate Rep. Gabbard has filed a defamation lawsuit against Hillary Clinton, claiming that Clinton "carelessly and recklessly impugned" her reputation with "favorite of the Russians" comments. 
@BeeInTheBreeze @ @maddow For some reason the direct link isn’t working when copied and pasted. You can find the full audio at 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Deutsche Bank in crisis could spell catastrophe for Trump 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
"Trump's complaints about the impeachment process go off the rails" is his nose growing as talks on and on. 
This is older but is a decent,quick way to begin to educate people that don't get what Dem/Socialism is really. Educate the grown ups! What is democratic socialism? 
Billy Joel's big motorcycle collection vandalized by burglar: report | 
Charles Payne: Bernie Sanders 'is a juggernaut right now' and Trump should not underestimate him 
MUST WATCH: President Trump doesn't take the stage in Wildwood, New Jersey for another 25 HOURS! Yet crowds there at 2 AM. #TrumpRallyWildwood &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
DOJ disputes report on Bolton conversation with Barr about foreign leaders 
Benjamin Netanyahu: 'A lot' has changed after killing of Iranian terrorist Soleimani | 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
#SaturdayMorning fresh from last night 
I didn’t trust or believe in Kelly so I was beyond happy when he was let go! 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters @donlemon is a racist, a coward and supports rape. @CNN @WajahatAli and @TheRickWilson are all racists 
The so-called "whistleblower" has previously targeted the President: Ingraham investigation: The whistleblower's little known cameo in the Mueller investigation | 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Ellen DeGeneres delivers tearful tribute to Kobe Bryant: 'Everything changed in a second' 
(1/2) Yes, because being a condescending, snide, snivelly little asshole is totally the best way to get people to listen to you. The hashtag is right: your generation fucked up this planet more than any to date, and your descent into fascism has turned 
"Dems pounce in court after Trump lawyers contradict Trump's DOJ" 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
As only a #LiberalHack #FakeNews "journalist" @CNN can, @donlemon excuses his actions by claiming he was "laughing at the joke and not at any group of people" So, making a gay or racial joke is okay because you're not laughing at the people, got it. 
Michael Bennet: Trump has ‘utter contempt for Congress’ 
Trial bombshell: Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying 
2020: Vote Out Trump &amp; Republicans Whose Only Goal is 2Enrich themselves &amp; Wealthy Donors! Now They Want 2Cut Social Security/Medicare/Funding 4State Medicaid! They Already Cut Food Stamps! Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
Since #barr ⁦#TheJusticeDept Won’t release the tape . How long will Ukraine last against Russia, OMG ! He’s doing Russians bidding. Corrupt justice dept? 
@realDonaldTrump Uh oh!!! #LindseyGraham did you and #MitchMcConnell see this? 
@JoshNBCNews @maddow Working link 👇 
McConnell says GOP doesn’t have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script #SmartNews 
Too bad Mr. Rivera and his FoxNew overlords can’t muster up any sympathy for the 1000s of migrants suffering in the Trump internment camps. 
@BigBrad1963 @SenateDems @SenSherrodBrown has topped MSNBC, CNN for 18 straight years after dominant January Explore the apps that are right for you at 
@realDonaldTrump You've bragged about promises kept, yet you're considering cutting SS and medicare... 
Tucker: Mayor Pete is worried about 'microaggressions' | 
MR PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump - time to suspend aid to Jordan, until she is turned over to the US! 
Barbara Boxer calls McConnell's impeachment rules proposal 'a disgrace' 
WATCH: Rep. Adam Schiff ends Day 3 of President Trump's impeachment trial with an emotional plea to senators: "If right doesn't matter we're lost... and you know you can't trust this president to do what's right for this country." 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Plus the War with Iran Necessary to Preserve the Peace. 
I didn’t realize that the oath that the Senator took is waived in an Electon year. Good to know. Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Missing son of 2 Missouri judges found dead in California nearly a month after vanishing 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador @NBCNews 
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer | If Pompeo can’t handle these basic questions, why does he keep agreeing to interviews? 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Bolton apparently just said President wanted to hold aid until all corruption was investigated, NOT only the Biden’s 
"Whatever is going on in terms of messaging from Washington [and] what the political tribes are supposed to believe and supposed to want from this—it's not working," @maddow says about polls that show Americans support the idea of hearing from witnesses. 
POLL: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Adam Schiff gives me hope. 
For #Roe47/#RoevWade, a reminder that the current #ElectoralCollege recipients, #Impeached-#trump &amp; #pence, want to criminally punish #women/people for #abortions/#healthcare and the #physicians/practitioners performing them. Watch #trump say this in 2016. 
Canada's first coronavirus cases are confirmed in husband and wife: officials 
Tuesday’s Campaign Round-Up, 1.28.20 
Harvard Law School Professor Laurence Tribe tells Lawrence O’Donnell that senators must vote for witnesses to ensure a fair trial, and that to acquit Trump on the Dershowitz defense would set a terrible precedent for future presidents and the country. 
Oh .. This probably isn't going to end well. Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Parents of teen allegedly expelled from Christian school over rainbow sweater, cake, are now suing 
Chris Matthews: It's a 'LOL' that Trump didn't abuse power 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
Not this non-white voter. 
Joe Biden says his son Beau walks with him 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials 
Dumbshit Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims 
‘Everyone’ is a big statement... “Everyone is making coffee wrong, study suggests” -Good morning! | #coffeetime #CoffeeLover #coffee 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Sean Hannity: Trump defense team ripped Dems' case 'to pieces' on day two of their opening arguments 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote We ,they people should remove all people of congress and senate that vote to remove the president, they do the bidding of the money,not the people. 
Defense lawyer Pam Bondi attacks Bidens on Burisma 
This woman has to go. Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Rejected: See Trump snub Giuliani as impeachment trial begins 
"As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial" 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table 
@OmarJimenez SO SAD to hear about the death of all star basketball legend Kobe Bryant and fours killed in a helicopter crash. #KobeBryant #NBA 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script ⭐️Of course John Bolton has alternative reasons! Money from book deals, exposure from MSM, etc.! Plus, we ALL know that Trump &amp; him didn’t agree on much! 
Warren opts out of defending Sanders from Hillary Clinton's 'Nobody likes him' jab: 'I'm not going there' 
Hey Don @donlemon, You say to ask anyone who knows you, what kind of person you are. So let's ask this man, he seems to have some good insight on your personality. @CNN or @foxandfriends how about giving this man some airtime so he can tell us about Don. 
One incredibly useful trick to find any photo on your phone fast SOMETHING I NEED TO DO 
God love ya, FoxNews: 
@tomperez @DNC You might want to listen to this starting about 54:00 in, before you rig another primary against Bernie Sanders. 
"During trial, Sekulow flubs the point of the Ukraine scandal" 
Regarding new developments that Sen. Mitch McConnell may not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial, Chuck Schumer says "I think there are 10-12 Republicans who are in play." 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trum lies to taxpayers again! Vote him out in November. Vote Blue 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
#SocialSecurity @gopchristians #TrumpLies "Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan" 
Study determines each state's most searched snack ahead of the Super Bowl 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
@EricBoehlert here ill start cause i know you dont have much experience with facts. Fact: a prosecutor in the ukraine claims to have dirt on biden. now show me how you debunked it 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan | 
Free speech wins as California DMV says Fulham soccer fan's 'Come on You Whites' vanity plate is OK This poor guys car is gonna be keyed beyond recognition. 
@IlhanMN Tell us again @IlhanMN how great Islamic law is in Muslim nations. 
@iamjamiefoxx — The world was ending backstage in a theatre. The clown came out to warn the public ; they thought it was a joke and applauded. #kierkegaard an unavoidable choice between two alternatives. "you can give him an ultimatum—an either/or" 
😢😢😢😢Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Klobuchar: If GOP isn’t sure Bolton, Parnas are telling truth, let them testify 
No witnesses, no fair trial-From Discover on Google 
Dad's grief leads to quest to count deaths caused by illegal immigrant drivers | More than 3,000 U.S. citizens lose their lives each year due to inefficient border law security. 
Brit Hume: If Sanders wins Iowa and NH, the race is on for Democrats to find an alternative 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law | ⁦@RashidaTlaib⁩ ⁦@IlhanMN⁩ some people did something 
⁦@LincolnChafee⁩ our current political system is heavily biased towards the two parties primarily in power. Even Ross Perot couldn’t break through and his effort resulted in the election of Bill Clinton. Do you support the Democratic candidates? 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump is going to go after our social security, our medicare. Meanwhile, all of us are scrambling to pay the bills and take care of ourselves with limited expensive health care! 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Theater of the Absurd: While claiming Trump's 55 day delay is a national security issue, Democrat impeachment managers Nadler, Lofgren, and Jeffries voted AGAINST military aid to Ukraine in the first place. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
On the campaign bus with Andrew Yang #YangGang 
@saallen1965 @kmpmomof3 @Acosta She was too old for him? 
Hunter Biden agrees to pay monthly child support, ending standoff over contempt 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
32 million dollars wasted of our money on this sham! The facts showed he did not break the law so any senator who drags this out should pack their bags! We want it over!! Bolton for Biden? Witness swap talk revived in wake of bombshell book manuscript 
Melber: 'We just watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Will Palestine’s get on board? Nope. Not if they’re listening to #Tlaib &amp; #Omar they won’t! GET THEM OUT OF OFFICE THEN MAYBE. #Antisemitic 
"Team Trump eyes dubious Iowa road trip for caucus members" 
Hanukkah machete attack suspect deemed incompetent to stand trial, defense says #Faith 
ICYMI you need to see this 8 minute closing by #AdamSchiff last night. #trumpGuilty #trumpMustBeRemoved #trumpImpeachment #trumpLies #trumpCheats Schiff ends day with powerful argument for Trump's removal 
Swastikas, 'f--- Jews' graffiti found scrawled inside NYC apartment building - 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left' 
@realDonaldTrump @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends This is what Trump has done! “How long would they last in a fight with Russia?” Trump is heard asking in regard to the Ukraine, in the audio portion of a video recording, moments before he calls for the firing of US Ambassador to Ukraine Yovanovitch 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
The Bag Man podcast is still available for download. See or find it wherever you get your podcasts. 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Any woman in America that wears these pillow cases are ignorant and a slap in the face to the women forced to in these $hithole sandpits. Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @OANN #LetLevSpeak FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner. 
...hell yeah!!! Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote SHUSH EVERYBODY!! SENATOR PALPATINE IS TALKING! 
West Virginia one of 17 states that submitted proposals to host @HyperloopOne certification center ... #Innovation in #WV - center will perform key safety tests required for certification 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 😅🤣😂 💙👍🌊🌊🌊🌊 
Barbara Boxer: GOP unable to defend Trump ‘because he clearly abused his power’ 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
Our Republican friends are at it again. Republicans aim to suppress your vote; how you can stop them 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
@realDonaldTrump 😂😂🤣🤣🤣 @ #TrumpDefenseTeam Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #tcot 
MSNBC downplays Trump's major Middle East peace plan, skips White House remarks to cover impeachment 
Amy Klobuchar to GOP: You're supposed to protect our Constitution 
Duke University students in China encouraged to go home amid coronavirus outbreak: report 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Joe Manchin on whether Hunter Biden is a relevant witness: “I think so” 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich / Bernie &amp; Wife got very rich off his job as a “public servant.” He believed in Capitalism for himself, just not for the rest of us! 
Hosting a Super Bowl party? Here are 6 tips for cleaning up when it's over 
"National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office" 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
You got me fucked up. Do not touch my SS. That’s MY money, goddamn you! 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
NIH's Dr. Anthony Fauci on efforts to contain, combat the coronavirus | 
.@MarshaBlackburn, you must be confused or... #TruthMatters #RightMatters 
What a shock. This Mohammed’s been accepting bribes, as a San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
No shiiiiiiiit. 
It's about time for #Trump to testify under oath. This is the only way to combat #JohnBolton 's testimony @NicolleDWallace @DeadlineWH 
Evil as hell, probably tricky trump did some nasty vicious s-it to China. 
@EdwardTHardy @realDonaldTrump Between Trump &amp; @senatemajldr - I would make a strong argument that it’s the republicans that are doing nothing... Still waiting... 
Great ad targeting Martha McSally. She's vulnerable for all the reasons stated in the ad. Time to support @ShuttleCDRKelly. #FlipTheSenate #MorningJoe "And you Martha, will be remembered as just another Trump hack. If you're remembered at all." 
Abuse of power is an impeachable offense and a separate felony is not required. The president “has a responsibility to respond to the Congress, to provide those documents and those witnesses” requested. #OneVoice1 #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
Sen. Angus King on the case House Democrats are making against Trump in the Senate impeachment trial: "This is more serious than I thought." #11thHour 
So he was asleep the last three months or just doesn't care? 
He’s right. You can lie your head off in a book for money an that’s exactly what the jerk Bolton has done! Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
.@DrMikeHaynie was on to talk about the National Veterans Resource Center here at @SyracuseU. We're thrilled to see the building come to life where we will continue to serve veterans &amp; military families both on &amp; off campus! #BestPlaceForVeterans 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
@maddow is killing it lately. (Also @ABC) 
"When Team Trump peddles a bizarre claim that even Barr and Turley don’t accept, it should give #Senate #Republicans pause when weighing the president’s fate." @GOP #IMPOTUS #SenateImpeachmentTrial 
During trial, Team Trump returns to Ukraine conspiracy theory 
#Study determines each #state's most searched #snack ahead of the #SuperBowl #US 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Oscar Mayer Weinermobile pulled over by Wisconsin cops 
the evidence in the world sitting right in front of ur face.*Against Aka Putin puppet,criminal,con-man Trump*U say let the people vote.*Why unfit-criminal is be-4 congress.*Dont push the weight on the people.*DO UR JOB.*Comment not passing smelltest 
Ivanka Trump rips 'disgusting' CNN panel that mocked her father's supporters 
Trump's Senate impeachment trial: What happened on Day 2 
Apparently Allen Dershowitz did not persuade Democrats that their articles of impeachment were not impeachable offenses. E. Warren said he doesn’t know what he is talking about. Oh really? McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
@Psyberus @kharmencita39 @WillDaBeast6991 The “evidence” is incredibly laughable and disputed. And no, her friends really were going to testify against her. She was plotting an extortion attempt. She was Evan Chandler 2.0. Research is fun. Try doing some. 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
#BernieBlackout hard to sustain in light of his pulling ahead in polls. Bernie's doing better among moderates than Warren. Did moderates judge her harshly for her identity politics false accusation fiasco? They don't do well w/ bullshit, either. 
Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
Chris Hayes pulls the receipts on Republicans' Ukraine corruption claims 
US military plane crashes in Afghanistan with 5 onboard, official says 
Why Republicans are taking aim at a war hero to defend Trump. #FridayThoughts 
Sexual predator Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
Pro-life Democrat on confronting Pete Buttigieg: 'He doesn't want our vote' @PeteButtigieg supports the murder of unborn babies 
Ingraham investigation: Inside the 2016 Obama administration meeting with Ukrainian officials 
@rcomisford @FinckSamantha The GOP did call witnesses and Trump declined to participate. 
Kobe Bryant helicopter crash: All 9 bodies recovered from wreckage, investigators say 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought ***Duh! Wake up Angus; our country's constitution is in jeopardy!*** 
It makes sense, they have so little to hide “#WhiteHouse scrambles to keep #Bolton quiet 
.@chrislhayes: "Don't you think they would have said something about Hunter Biden and Burisma at the time it was happening? ... They didn't. That's how you know the entire thing has been retroactively reverse-engineered solely for political purposes." 
Lindsey Graham said you must have impeachment trial witnesses... in 1999 
@UrLocalDaddie @Sleestak2020 @RepKevinBrady I wonder why wrote this? "Among reasons for the deficit: the Trump-backed $1.5 trillion tax cut in 2017 and the sharp increases in spending for the military and domestic programs passed by Congress in 2018." 
More evacuations by other nations are also expected. Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
John Brennan: Trump most ignorant, incompetent individual to hold presidency 
"China demands apology from Danish newspaper for 'satirical' coronavirus cartoon" FOX NEWS 
PUEBLO POLICE WE HAVE SENT YOU ANOTHER MESSAGE Indiana boy dies after father's gun discharges during play wrestling, police say 
@realDonaldTrump Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
IMPEACH THIS! 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
MY SENTIMENTS EXACTLY!!!!! Memo to Trump: 'You'll never measure up to Obama' 
Four of Mitch McConnell’s former Senate colleagues challenge his defense of POTUS 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Dershowitz calls out House Dems in Trump's Senate impeachment trial after Bolton shock waves 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' #RemoveTrumpNOW in defense of national security &amp; global integrity. 
@RadioFreeTom @TheRickWilson @DavidJollyFL @JoyAnnReid Will you follow me, Tom? Look! 
Joe: Where do we begin with Ken Starr? 
Joy Behar: In a 'just world' without McConnell, Bolton would be impeachment trial's 'smoking gun' Damn the law &amp; constitution let buffoons Behar &amp; Bolton run the country into the ground..to make the democrats &amp; biased media look good. NOTT!! 
Former Dem to join Trump at New Jersey rally: Americans 'love him, you can feel it' 
Such a disappointnent. Chris Wallace: Bombshell claim by John Bolton has Trump defenders 'spinning like crazy' 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump' 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
Lt. Col. Vindman on America: 'This is America... here, right matters' #RightMatters #StrongerTogether #AdamShiffROCKS 
Schiff slams impeachment rules: 'This is the process for a rigged trial' 
Katyal: “The president is trying to use executive privilege just to hide stuff from the American people and it’s a sure loser.” 
Some folks just have NO "COUTH"! Get it??? = UNCOUTH Social media shocked by video of airplane passenger picking dead skin off bare foot Some 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
“Last chance dumbass Palestinians , take this deal or forever WAR, DON’T be STUPID “ Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
@PKolbenschlag 2014:GOP's Fox-Pravda treats the Ebola virus as a rallying cry for our nation to unite in facing a public health crisis. Just kidding. Ebola was politicized, it tested well in (R) focus groups filled with photo-MAGAts "Ebola's from Africa just like Obama"😤 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table Tax breaks for the rich and crazy policies to make big corporations richer. But social security and medicare cuts for average Americans. @realDonaldTrump 
Chiefs superfan 'Bad Luck Chuck' getting bobblehead treatment @circleboom 
Bolton news creates straightforward test... 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza #PROISRAEL ⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ #IDF #MAGA #KAG2020 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump touts upcoming peace plan following meeting with Netanyahu despite Palestinian objections 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' ⁦@SenSchumer⁩ 
Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Florida man known for viral Easter bunny brawl arrested after hit-and-run, tells cops to ‘Google’ him: police 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Why is this not surprising? #WuhanVirus #ChinaVirus #CoronaOutbreak #ChinaziVirus #TheCCPMentality #China China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
...I hear Marsha gives BJs in the parking lot... #Hillbilly #WhiteTrash Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
WATCH: Part 2 of @maddow's exclusive interview with Lev Parnas, the federally indicted associate of Rudy Giuliani, regarding his role in the Ukraine scandal that would lead to Pres. Trump's impeachment. 
Sen. Tom Cotton: China is not close to having control over coronavirus situation 
A nursery rhyme would convince the MSM Democrat shills. Chris Matthews calls Adam Schiff’s speech ‘most compelling case for removal of office’ 
It’s rich that Pam Bondi is indignantly defending Trump against corruption. The same Pam Bondi who, as Florida AG, dropped investigation into Trump U after Trump contributed $25,000 to her re-election campaign (which was illegal, and he paid IRS fine). 
Tuesday's Campaign Round-Up, 1.28.20 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@PeteButtigieg 7.1% nationally RCP. FiveThirtyEight fcst shows you have 6% of winning nomination. You peaked in IA, NH and are sliding. RE: internal polls showing you beating fat-ass in WH more decisively than other candidates is, at best, disingenuous. 
You put wifey on the payroll over objections of the city council for a job that was never advertised so others could apply. "Perhaps no one has benefited more from Sanders’s career in politics than his wife Jane. 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' | 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
Most wanted female terrorist lives in freedom in Jordan despite extradition request for bombing that killed Americans 
@nwg83 @SenatorCollins ✨YES✨ The #Conservative 👏🏻💞@ProjectLincoln 🎯 targets 👎🏻#SelloutSusan💰🤷🏻‍♀️ 👎🏻@SenatorCollins #SusanCollins🤷🏻‍♀️ in a BLISTERING 🔥 new ad‼️ 😎 We here in 🌲#Maine are ALL counting the days 🗓 when 🌲#MEPolitics🇺🇸 can say 💙🌊🗳 #ByeByeSusan 🤷🏻‍♀️👋🏻 📹 🎞 👉🏻 
Nobody is safe from the long arm of the deep state #Demoratic party. 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? @ 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' If Bolton talks, WHY buy the book? I predict he won’t say much, for that very reason! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@seanhannity⁩ 
We should cherish the Wisdom of Jay Sekulow~ Did not the Senate pray before hearing? Please follow his advise~ 
Biden says he would not cut SSN benefits as POTUS @nbcnews 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script. More Last minute Ballsdeep Ford Schitt! 
🤖 Automated News 4 U 😼 Lara Trump blames impeachment push on president's economic success. 
He’s in deep doo doo. San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Jason Johnson says if senators lack the "independence and integrity the American voters want to see, maybe they don't deserve to be a part of that 100." 
I watched the trump team rebuttal of the trial and I thought it awesome, and made the democrats appear very ignorant in their knowledge of the law and constitution. Great job team.. JLN 
34 U.S. service members diagnosed with brain injuries after Iran attack 
Michael Bloomberg officially announces 2020 presidential campaign cc’d @TroyQuinoa 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
Birmingham raises minimum wage and Alabama takes it away 
Breakfast with 'Friends:' NJ voters react to President Trump's rally #AAG #AAG2020 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
Bermuda Triangle shipwreck discovered almost 100 years after it vanished 
* Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
2 bodies recovered from Air Force plane that crashed in Afghanistan, official says 
.@SecretaryCarson on how to fix the homeless crisis: “... it's not just a matter of throwing money at this... It's also a matter of getting people out of the system, giving them the tools...” #PositivePopulism #NextRevFNC @SteveHiltonx 
Interesting Democratic strategist, ex-Hillary Clinton staffer unleashes vulgar attack on #BernieSanders 
Arizona woman charged with murder in disturbing killings of 3 children 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight #IStandWithTrump 💯 #VoteTrump2020 #WWG1WGA 
The tape is played here. 
Our new wrap of the Senate trial — fact checking Ken Starr and why Trump’s Day 2 was a 'disaster': 
Tulsi Gabbard rips CNN over town hall snub: 'We received no explanation' | 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
9-year-old Florida boy who allegedly stabbed sister, 5, charged with attempted murder: police My Goodness 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻☦️☦️☦️ 
thanks everyone for watching! "The Greg Gutfeld Show averaged its most-watched month ever, topping the monthly averages for NBC’s The Tonight Show, ABC’s Jimmy Kimmel Live, CBS’ The Late Late Show with James Corden and NBC’s Seth Meyers." 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
There It is! Daniel 8... 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Kelly would. He's as bad as Brennan. John Kelly says he believes John Bolton's reported claim about Ukraine aid 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
Michael Goodwin: Trump impeachment trial – Even with Bolton, case against president is too small for removal 
@realDonaldTrump @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends Cut loose the crook in the white house and move on. #RemoveTrump #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments @SenateGOP Maybe it's time for 'President Pence'? @NBCNews 
Majority says Senate should vote to convict, remove Trump 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump says his administration's Middle East peace plan is fundamentally different from past proposals | 
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems One of the main reasons I suspect that McConnell wanted a quick trial.... It's because Donald's defense team doesn't have enough of a defense to even fill up the few days time they have! 
“DOJ said it did not review the manuscript but said there was never any discussion about Trump's "undue influence" on investigations, "nor did Attorney General Barr state that the President’s conversations with foreign leaders was improper." 
Trump appears to show briefly on camera in Parnas recording 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare Cuts On The Table. Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
An interesting move for someone who claimed no wrongdoing: Israeli PM #Netanyahu withdrew his request for #immunity from prosecution earlier today, paving the way for legal proceedings against him to go forward. 
Hannity: Trump, Zelensky confirm there was no quid pro quo TRUMP 🇺🇸👍MAGA 🇺🇸 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Our ⁦@POTUS⁩ Is still working America 🇺🇸🇺🇸⁦@TheDemocrats⁩ still doing nothing! 
@_SJPeace_ This is why I want to be rich. Until I can afford to build new schools, I’ll have to bide my time contributing what I can afford to good causes like The K.I.N.D. Fund (Kids In Need of Desks) at 
House releases new evidence that show texts between Lev Parnas, Devin Nunes staffer 
@flexyourhead @mkud44 @tedcruz @mkud44 already said this, but I'll say it again for you. Republicans called witnesses, it did not go well for them. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Uh no they do not lol 
House impeachment managers look ahead rebutting White House case 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
MIDDLE EAST PEACE PLAN DOOMED TO FAIL... WHY? Palestinians do not want Peace with Israel; they want the annihilation of Israel. #Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
As deficits soar, Trump asks, 'Who the hell cares about the budget?' 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
@realDonaldTrump Perhaps you should try walking back your lies because you’ve been made. 
.@IlhanMN This is a reasonable, informed take on the #PeacePlan. Eugene Kontorovich: Palestinians wrong to reject Trump Israeli-Palestinian peace plan – It's fair and just 
This Week, #Trump Abandoned His 2016 Rhetoric Denials &amp; Put #SocialSecurity &amp; #Medicare #CUTS On The Table. Then He Tried to Clean Up the Mess - But It Didn't Go Well. 
Massive crowds form for Trump's New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' | 
Trump praises Pompeo over spat with NPR reporter: 'That was very impressive' #AAG #AAG2020 
Trump fires up crowd at massive MAGA rally in NJ 
@ruthcmay Nancy MacLean documented Koch goals to install a ruthless oligarchy in their own words! They have made "m5ore progress in the last 5yrs,than in the previous 50"-Charles Koch. Concise, timely 10 min. interview on AMJoy, with Nancy MacLean: 
#FredFleitz: .@AmbJohnBolton, Withdraw Your Book! 
Conservatives target Sen. Collins in new ad @NBCNews 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
LATEST: Here are 4 key moments from Day 4 of the Senate impeachment trial. 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
link for anyone who missed this!! 
John Sununu calls out Mitt Romney: He needs to 'get it together' | 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
My GOD, are we really doing a Kavanaugh--Have the Republicans learned anything? Democrats are Tricksters. Miraculously, witnesses will appear McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
THE POWER OF MOOLAH 
Kobe Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna also killed in helicopter crash 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Australian scientists grow copy of #coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough': #WuhanCoronavirus More on Web: 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Gillibrand: GOP colleagues are being 'duplicitious' on evidence 
@MSNBC Wait! Who was it prophecied to create a false peace in the middle east? The #AntiChristTrump 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Bolton allegedly refers to all corruption in Ukraine, no only Biden’s 
Id like to bleep H.R.McMaters name out but i guess il post the video. He seems connected to henry,kissenger, bush, old south,sc to me...he associated thats all i needed to see. 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@SpeakerPelosi @CFPB @RepMaxineWaters Did you really see ghost in the White House? 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'". Trump just confessed to the Obstruction of Congress Article of Impeachment on TV 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says Why are the US citizens that are being flown out of China to CA not being quarantined for 2 weeks considering we now know it can be spread without symptoms?⁦@POTUS⁩ 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
As impeachment process advances, it's not just Trump who's on trial 
Former FBI Assistant Director Frank Figliuzzi says Parnas is unlikely to be a witness in Senate impeachment trial 
"Team Trump flubs quid-pro-argument in embarrassing fashion" 
She should be removed from office.Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize 
Monday's Mini-Report, 1.27.20 
I'm walking through the lake so please check out also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots #TrenRoca #AI #100DaysOfCode #HealthyRecipes #BigData #GiletsJaunes @ShoutGamers #Hockey #GoGoCosplay #Jobs #Javascript @MightyRTs #MachineLearning 
INTIMIDATED? try me! 😉 *gets ikea fake plants* Story: 🌿 
🔥President Trump knows how to draw a crowd. 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper #SmartNews 
Joe: Rep. Schiff gave virtuoso performance 
Hurt: Nobody cares about the impeachment trial #AAG #AAG2020 
: Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica. @GoogleNews 
Harris: Trump Biden attack a trial red herring; red meat for base 
George H. W. Bush's grandson running for Congress in Texas: President Trump 'has kept his word' 
Omarosa: Pres. Trump 'doesn't grasp' that 'his ignorance is destroying our country' 
Americans want witnesses! #FairTrialsHaveWitnesses #DocumentsAndWitnesses 
Still think that we don't have a problem at the White House? Seriously, think again. #thinkaboutit #staywoke #wetriedtotellya #2020cleaninghouse #Votebluenomatterwho 
Judge Napolitano: Mitch McConnell was blindsided, should have been told about Bolton 'bombshell' 
Trump trial 'disaster': See Ken Starr 'punch himself in the face' on Senate floor 
WATCH: Sen. Schumer: "Close to 60% of Republicans, think witnesses and documents are fair ... Against is Donald Trump, they all know he can be a nasty, vindictive person. He bridges no compromise. You have to be with him all the way." 
In Fox interview, Trump seems to confess to campaign finance violation 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote Biden’s China 🇨🇳 connection bad for her as she is GUILTY OF TREASON !!! SHE WANTS NO WITNESSES CALLED !!! 
2020: Why New Jersey voters turned out for President Trump's rally 
David Bossie: In Trump impeachment trial, Senate Republicans should block testimony by Bolton and others | 
Schiff: 'Trials aren't trades for witnesses' 
@JoyAnnReid For perspective: Obama gave $$$ to enemies of America in Iran. Obama took lying to new heights with the Iran deal. When it comes to the Iran nuclear deal, the Obama administration increasingly appears to have been a bottomless pit of deception. 
Trent England: Elizabeth Warren wants to nullify the Electoral College -- and silence Middle America | 
@john1gun You watch #MSDNC? Oh, you watch FOX? Really no difference anyway. BTW, define these institutions for me: the Military, public schools, USPS, Fire &amp; Police departments, GOVT. bailouts of large banks and corporations, public roadways, FEMA, etc. etc. etc. 
it’s the LGBTQ community inciting hate. What does Graham do, as a true Christian does,he turns the other cheek &amp; reaches out to all.We know who the REAL haters are!Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views | 
Pompeo's State Department boots NPR reporter from trip abroad | 
you know what to do 
"By seeking facts, Romney accused of trying to 'appease the left'" 
Pence is 'grappling with unknowns' during Trump's impeachment trial | 
'One Republican senator told me if it was a secret vote, 30 Republican senators would vote to impeach Trump.’ Republicans are cowards. They’re angry and ashamed that Schiff called them out on it. Q: would a secret vote even BE possible? 
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes between Cuba, Jamaica 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
"Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Johnson: Day One of impeachment trial was like 'Wheel of Fortune,' Day Two is like 'Wild 'N Out' 
Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper 
Just a reminder that former Florida AG Pam Bondi, the woman currently defending Trump's corruption, took $25k from the Trump foundation to drop fraud charges against Trump University in 2013. Grifters gotta stick together. #ImpeachmentTrial 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
Did Schiff change any Republican minds on first day of arguments? 
"Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game'" Team Trump’s attacks against Biden were less about presenting a legal defense during an impeachment trial, and more about influencing the outcome of the Iowa caucus. DIRTY POOL 
Schiff claims Trump's lawyers 'do not contest' the facts in the impeachment trial Schiff has to face the charge of the Trump team he played a key role in the abuse of power by the House. 
White House scrambles to keep Bolton quiet 
Warren live on msnbc last night with chris hayes I think while waiting in Iowa for return plane to the Senate trial. Thanks. 
"Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth finalize divorce: report" FOX NEWS 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. #Yovanovitch 
Jay Sekulow: Trump impeachment based on a policy dispute, not violation of law | 
running towards an abandoned WalMart so please read also taxation is theft #FishingForRobots @ShoutGamers #HillaryEmail @LaZy_RTs #NonExecs #Economist #HealthyRecipes #TrenRoca #Eris #ServiceDesign @DNRRTs #HealthyRecipes @ShoutRTs #Eventi 
All eyes on Trump's legal team as defense resumes in impeachment trial | 
Silicon Valley scrambles to stop coronavirus misinformation 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Recording appears to show Trump interest in value of Ukraine aid 
"You can bet that he's going to be hearing those words thrown back at him throughout the campaign. Even a week before Election Day – it matters." – @JoeNBC on Pres. Trump indicating that he is considering cuts to Social Security and Medicare 
— Breaking News, Top Stories, &amp; Show Clips | NBC News 
CNN helping to re-elect Trump. @DNC @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler @justicedems @RepSwalwell @JoeBiden @BernieSanders @ewarren @MittRomney @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins 
The dirty little socialist’s dirty little secret. Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
👁👁 Ken Starr failed to shine. 
NPR: Mike Pompeo berated reporter after questions on Ukraine Because profanity is the only answer they have! 
@RCdeWinter It is. A lot of talk, name-calling, conspiracy thinking too. Probably will never see this final report @realDonaldTrump found on #Hillary. Still innocent. Team Trump's latest Clinton investigation ending with a whimper 
Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees Oh boy here it comes, a brokered convention 
Poll: GOP voters acknowledge, dismiss Trump's law-breaking 
#GoodNews: Three little pawpsicles were rescued last week in Canada by a quick-thinking man who used his coffee to thaw them out. 
Angus King predicts 5 to 10 Republicans. Angus does not blow smoke. "Seeing progress, Schumer warns of Trump, McConnell power over GOP" 
If your dog goes to the bathroom in under five minutes, you might consider it a successful walk. But have you actually been walking your dog WRONG this whole time? According to the head of PETA, it might be true. 🐶 
@WhiteHouse NBC NEWS OBTAINS AUDIO OF PURNAS, FRUMAN and Trump. #TakeHerOut 
Lucky thing she had all of her kids on the first try. I don't think a man would have done her again. 
Wallace: Trump's approval of Pompeo's 'abusive' treatment of reporter shows 'total rot' in White House 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
"When Trump says something's 'ahead of schedule,' look out" @realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr @Jim_Jordan @GOPLeader @seanhannity 
@BobbyWilson1004 @Sen_JoeManchin He didn’t do any of those things. Next he’s going to cut Medicare and social security. So much winning. 
Intermittent fasting sheds more weight, but Mediterranean still healthier overall, study claims 
NFL Hall of Famer Chris Doleman passed away at 58 after battling cancer - best season may have been 1989 when he led the NFL with 21 sacks 
Schiff: Why wouldn't GOP senators want to hear from John Bolton? 
Full recording of Lev Parnas' alleged 2018 conversation with Trump just a buncha the boys shootin the breeze..... 
Schumer: Bolton allegations go 'right to the heart of the charges against the president' ⁦@SenSchumer⁩ well put! And... “in the loop” equals accomplices. 
Chris Doleman, Hall of Fame defensive end, dies at 58 
They want witnesses? Drop the gloves and let’s roll #1 ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩, #2 the ‘whistleblower’ #3 Joe, #4 Obama- their horse ‘Bolton’ has significant credibility issues!! SIGNIFICANT 
#ReligionOfPeace lol Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change 
Sen. Tester on the Senate impeachment trial: "Get the folks with the first-hand knowledge. Hunter Biden does not have first-hand information about what the president's done." 
This is how democrats waste our money and ruin a great city: San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested | 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
How the scariest attack on the US will come through the Internet 
CNN panel mocks Trump supporters –⁦ @donlemon⁩ whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that “...demented outburst went unnoticed for two days because so few people actually watched Lemon’s show.“ TWO days...😂😂😂 #DonLemon is a POS!! #CNNisTrash 
boy.... nothing like serous journalism. I can't what to watch this fucker #DonLemon @CNN cry like the little bitch baby he is when the #Trump2020LandslideVictory happens #Liberal #Democrat #Haters 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Sen. Harris: Republicans are bogging down trial by handing out lies that must be corrected 
Ernst can now be called an idiot by both parties. 
Maya Wiley: Trump's actions like 'you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution': On Trump's actions regarding obstruction of Congress, Maya Wiley says it's like "you bind the hands and feet of the Constitution." 
Trump Senate impeachment trial live updates: Trump's team makes arguments 
Some marine scientist have just discovered that a Floridian shipwreck is actually one of the "missing" Bermuda Triangle vessels! Check out this incredible story from here: 
Tucker: John Bolton has always been a snake | 
Chris Matthews: Trump’s crowd is running the govt, they’re a mob 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
@realDonaldTrump Sweetie, find a grown up (of there are any left around you) and have them explain this to you. You don't seem to understand what is happening. 
#ClaireMcCaskill to #Marsha Blackburn for her criticism of #AlexanderVindman. #VetsAgainstTrump #PutinsPuppet #FridayWisdom 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ Jack’s opinion: Bolton’s injured ego has made excrement of his reputation. 
Time and time again... the #Lying #Gaslighting @GOP #SlimeBags defending their #Fascist #Racist #Grifting #Thieving #Embezzling #WarMongering #WarCriminal #RussianAsset #TRAITOR Dictatorial Despot Donald @realDonaldTrump have LIED to the American People! 
@HouseGOP @WhiteHouse @RepRatcliffe Fact-checking Ken Starr 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify 
.@MaddowBlog: Describing attacks on Joe Biden, Sen. Joni Ernst ‘gave up the game.’ 
House Intel's impeachment report has a 'flood of evidence' against Trump 
Ingraham: The Democrats' mood Schiff 
Coronavirus death toll rises to 41 after China reports 15 more fatalities 
Lawrence: Dem House Managers doing ‘flawless job’ in opening impeachment arguments: Lawrence O’Donnell says that Democratic House Managers are doing a “flawless job so far in the hand they’ve been dealt in the way they have to present this. And they have… 
Schiff's Worse Nightmare is Trump. Trump's nonstop approach is gonna Break/Snap PencilNeck. Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Palestinians say ‘a thousand noes’ to Trump-Netanyahu Mideast peace plan Ok, so suggest an alternative, or try to compromise on this plan. Alternatives with Israel gone aren’t gonna work. Jerusalem is Israel’s, but they are willing to share it, wtf? 
Lara Logan: Not surprising to see mainstream media barely cover Trump's Mideast peace plan 
The troops are props for him, like Melania. He thinks all of America is his. His to bankrupt, his to sell off to the highest bidder which includes selling the... 
Is this near Guantanamo Bay? 
Adam Goodman: Six GOP Senators who hold the cards in Trump's Senate impeachment trial Stick with @realDonaldTrump or 
America's top 5 deadliest cities 
President #Trump called for a two-state solution to resolve the #Israeli-Palestinian conflict, as he unveiled the details of his administration’s much-awaited Middle East peace plan today. 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
@lookner Did they reject help because they're on top of it now, or because they're afraid of others finding out how bad it really is? 
America's top 5 deadliest cities Hell yea! My state is leading the charge with 2! Both led by Democrats. 😏 
@JoeBiden *sigh* 
@osteofrio @Dist_5 @JonathanTamari @heatherscope @SenToomey @GOP @SenateGOP Actual crimes were committed, here’s spelling it out for you. 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
@RepJeffDuncan @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump This is a conversation with a man Trump said he never met. Regardless, Lev Parnas is not a US government employee. He has no authority to fire anyone. What then does Trump mean when he tells Lev to "Take her out"? 
Laura Ingraham warns moderate Republican senators that siding with Dems on witnesses 'political suicide 
Joy is not Jewish so she should not comment on something she has not experienced! Listen to the people who testify about the Holocaust! 
Sen. Jon Tester: Hunter Biden doesn’t have first hand info on what Trump’s done 
Poll: Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views. Well, what did they think he would speak about when they set it up? 
Rashida Tlaib says she'll 'strive' to higher standards after blood libel retweet, doesn't apologize This broad is just no good! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script 
Mark Levin tweets ask waffling GOP senators why 'disgruntled' John Bolton should testify Pay attention to Levin. His questions go to motive! 
Ex-CNN pundit Steve Cortes: Don Lemon is ‘destroying trust in media’ by pretending to be nonpartisan 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Op-ed author: The left is moving forward on nullifying the Electoral College | This is DANGEROUS! 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump wraps up defense 
#Impeached @realDonaldTrump and his mafia-style family: #ButParnasSaid #ButFrumanSaid #ButBoltonSaid More to come! And @realDonaldTrump &amp; corrupt @GOP are royally screwed! 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary Because it’s bioterrorism gone awry 
IN CASE YOU THOUGHT DERSHOWITZ WAS THE ONLY QUESTIONABLE TRUMP LAWYER Pam Bondi is up now. She took campaign money from Trump while she was investigating Trump University back in 2013. Then she ended the investigation. 
Huey Long, without the hospitals and roads. 
Australian scientists grow copy of coronavirus in lab, called 'significant breakthrough' 
President Trump said,”My vision present a win-win situation for both sides,". "Today Israel has taken a giant step toward peace." Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza | 
President Trump’s legal team slams “selective justice,” claiming former President Obama could have been impeached under the Democrats’ standards. House Judiciary Committee Member, @RepGregSteube says the hypocrisy isn’t surprising. 
@realDonaldTrump Link to page where you can listen to the whole audio: 
Dan Gainor: CNN panel mocks Trump supporters – Anchor who whines about 'toxicity' delivers just that I feel they don't even live in this country or the Planet-Do they even speak the language English?Can we hire CNN an Interpreter 2 Help Them UNderStand ? 
Peter Schweizer on media bias, his new book and the 'two sides to Joe Biden' | 
McConnell says GOP lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses, as Bolton book disrupts trial script | 
Biden takes heat after sparring with Iowa voter who challenged him on climate change #SmartNews 
Klobuchar on Republican colleagues: 'To me they look embarrassed' 
Chris Hayes: 'We do not sic foreign systems of justice on American citizens' 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Trump scorches Bolton, says ‘fired’ hawk would have started ‘World War Six’ 
1st case of coronavirus from China confirmed in U.S. 
British Airways suspends all flights to China amid coronavirus fears 
GOP Rep. Doug Collins to run for Georgia Senate seat 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Sanders supporters fume as Clinton allies named to key Dem convention committees 
Poll: 70% say Trump’s actions toward Ukraine were wrong 
If good arguments fall in the Senate, do they really make a sound? 
Joe: A confederacy of dunces defends Trump 
Grammy Awards ratings dip to all-time low 
Trump, at packed New Jersey rally, hits congressional Dems amid impeachment fight 
Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
⁦@MikeBloomberg⁩ Since you obviously weren’t born with one, maybe you could buy a sense of humor. Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him 
@planefag @ZyclownB @PrisonPlanet TF is this? 
.@AliVelshi: The lenses through which lawmakers will be seen after this impeachment trial will not be those of the their party and how it performed in the 2020 election. They will be the lenses of history, justice, and the truth. 
Conservatives target Sen. Susan Collins in new ad 
Still don’t know Parnas donnie?! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
I suppose better late than never in standing up for the "truth" a great pity that you behaved more like a sycophantic hypocritical tosser when you were part of the administration "Ignoring Trump, John Kelly says, 'I believe John Bolton'" 
Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Indifferent to irony, Ken Starr laments the 'age of impeachment' 
Bloomberg: Trump told me 'there aren't any' people he could hire who are smarter than him #SmartNews 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
West Virginia governor: Virginia counties unhappy with liberal government should just secede 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested . #SocialistDems @SpeakerPelosi @GavinNewsom @sfgov #Shithole. #WalkAway #VoteDemsOut 
China spurned CDC offer to send team to help contain coronavirus: US Health Secretary 
Man quits job, sells possessions to travel around world with pet ferret. Just don’t go to China. 
UNBELIEVABLE! Rand Paul blasts 'scurrilous' Schumer for defaming Trump family: 'They ought to sue him' 
Vulnerable senators still 'blindly following' Trump 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
Pizza Hut offering cash, Super Bowl tickets to family that gives birth to first twins after kickoff 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
LIED. 
Fugitive Colombian lawmaker who made brazen jailbreak during dental appointment found in Venezuela 
TESTING ONLY for NBC News 
Everything in these rules is rigged: Sen. Schumer 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Breaking: Bolton's team believes White House made copies of... 
BREAKING! 🔥🔥🔥 Chris Wallace: "Trump' approval of #Pompeo's abusive treatment of reporter shows total rot in White House." 
.@HardballChris says Rep. Schiff’s speech last night was the "most compelling case for removal from office for this president." 
Schiff: Intel agencies withheld docs 'on the instructions of others' 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters 
GOP develops 'Plan B' on Trump impeachment trial witnesses as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
#coronoavirus Azar said the Chinese have refused continued offers from the U.S. to send CDC officials to the country to help with the #outbreak response. The offer was first made on Jan. 6 #WuhanVirus #Wuhan 
YES, you do believe in mocking and belittling ppl, @donlemon. You are backtracking because you received so much backlash that you so deserved! THIS IS DON LEMON. 
NBC News obtains audio appearing to show Trump ordering firing of U.S. ambassador 
Day 1,104: Huge push for impeachment witnesses as Team Trump wraps up defense - NBC News @nuzzel thanks @11thHour 
The New York Times hires BuzzFeed News editor who greenlit publishing Steele dossier 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Figures! Surprised it wasn't a move to cnn! 
Bolton slams Trump, suggests some foreign policy decisions guided by personal interest 
Progressive...... 
I mean it’s not like he’s saying he’s obstructing justice on live TV…oh wait. He did it again. And it’s even a terrific soundbite. 
#ImpeachmentTrial 0 hour! 
@MarshaBlackburn @politicalelle @FDRLST Claire McCaskill to Marsha Blackburn: I think you meant to criticize Trump 
If CHIEF JUSTICE JOHN ROBERTS has any INTEGRITY, or any concern for his own REPUTATION, he will declare this DISGUSTING FARCE totally INVALID, and STOP IT NOW. 
Do you think people should be allowed to carry guns in public? 
Dear West Virginia, please take us with you! Respectfully, Every conservative trying to flee CA 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
Intentional lying in Senate trial puts lawyers' licenses at risk 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Texas police ID man seen on surveillance rescuing baby from El Paso Walmart shooting 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
WATCH: Brian Williams looks back at the life and career of PBS NewsHour co-founder and revered journalist Jim Lehrer, who died Thursday at age 85. 
Listen to recording that appears to show Pres. Trump ordering removal of Ukraine ambassador 
What's in Trump's Middle East peace plan? | 
"Finding himself in a hole, Pompeo reaches for a shovel, digs deeper" 
Peter Schweizer: Bernie Sanders rails about common good but public service has made him (and his family) rich 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza Democrats likely biggest obstacle 
Sen. Klobuchar says Republicans should remember they serve the people, not the president 
🎉🎉 Washington Post reporter suspended over Kobe Bryant tweets demands explanation from editor Marty Baron 
McCaskill: Trump's lawyers have already said several things that are "flat lies" or "just ignorant" 
Democrats and liberal media have given Bolton millions of dollars in advertisement. Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' and using fake southern accents to prove their ignorance 
Tucker Carlson asks why the media is ignoring more important stories in favor of impeachment trial 
Wow, if this isn’t an admittance of guilt. He thought he was going to get away with it. 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base 
🙏DO IT DO IT 🙏DO IT DO IT 🙏DO IT DO IT 🙏DO IT DO IT 🙏 DO IT DO IT 🙏 #SecretVote #JustGetHimOUT 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries, implicates senior cabinet officials From Discover on Google 
Ball State students hold walkout after professor calls cops on student who refused to change seats 
Rosenberg: The only class of people who speak like Trump are mobsters 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
O.B.S.T.R.U.C.T.I.O.N.: "Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material'" 
Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Trump sought to get rid of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Book 
Don Lemon addresses CNN panel mocking Trump voters Lemon is a lying race bait anti Trump hating news hack. Propaganda is all he knows and truly hates Americans Trump supporter. CNN is Garbage 
GOP doesn't have votes 2block impeachment witnesses•Republican senators caving🔺Dear GOP:Dems calling 4 Bolton 2testify is a deceitful stall tactic😡If u cant see this u shouldn’t b in office•Patriots want r country back~Trump is listening why aren’t u❓ 
Coronavirus outbreak: Chartered jet flies Americans from China to US, report says 
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @senatemajldr Maybe this will wake you up? 
Politics Bloomberg's ruff time: Dem greets dog by shaking its mouth 
Challenger explosion among the deadliest space disasters #Challenger explosion 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law Suffragists world wide can breather easier. In a major step forward for Women’s Rights Moslem women in Indonesia are taking a lead in whipping the non compliant 
'Antiques Roadshow' guest floored by worth of Rolex he paid $346 for in 1974 
Jeff Van Drew welcomes Trump for South Jersey rally: 'They love him' 
Poll: Sanders jumps to lead nationally among non-white voters 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested 
Impeach this Massive crowds form for Trump’s New Jersey rally amid impeachment fight 
Feinstein stirs confusion with comments on impeachment vote 
Rep. Collins confirms Georgia Senate bid, prompting fiery rebuke from GOP group 
"In reversal, Trump puts post-2020 entitlement cuts on the table" 
Another Disruptive Deep State/DemocRAT Stunt! Lev Parnas' plan to show up at Trump's Senate impeachment trial prompts even more confusion 
Listen to the FULL AUDIO: 1 hour and 23 minutes of audio and video from Lev Parnas of alleged Trump conversation at a 2018 dinner 
"we watched Ken Starr punch himself in the face, and then walk off the floor" 
On @ this morning, House impeachment manager, Rep. Zoe Lofgren calls the new Bolton allegations confirming a quid pro quo "stunning" and a "game changer" 
Saudi Arabia backs US-Israel efforts to achieve Mideast peace Imagine that @COsweda 🤦🏻‍♂️ 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
34 US troops sustained BRAIN INJURIES from the IRANIAN missile strikes on US base in IRAQ in retaliation for the assassination of Suleimani . Donald Trump told the press [and us] that they just had HEADACHES! He DOESN'T care about us! 
McConnell says GOP doesn't have votes yet to block Who is never trump wimps Come on guys it doesn’t really matter anyway ⁦@SenatorCollins⁩ ⁦@SenMcSallyAZ⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
Giuliani blasts John Bolton as a 'backstabber,' says he never objected to his Ukraine probe #CNN #MSNBC 
Why isn't Mitch McConnell trending? Bolton &amp; Kelly threw a monkey wrench at the house of cards. That 70%+ of people at the very least wanting to hear from witnesses, I know the White House is sick right now. 
Trump unveils Middle East peace plan with two-state solution, tunnel connecting West Bank and Gaza 
Trump lawyer calls Bolton book 'inadmissible,' as defense team wraps impeachment arguments 
The unnatural and immoral are out in force. Do not be swayed. Franklin Graham responds after UK event canceled for 'incompatible' LGBTQ views 
San Francisco official in charge of cleaning up city's filthy streets arrested. 
James Carville: Trumpism greatest threat ‘since fall of communism’ 
NYT: In book, Bolton says Trump tied Ukraine aid to inquiries 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
@realDonaldTrump This is hilarious and will piss off the chosen one big time. 😂 Is it time for 'President Pence'? New ad says yes @NBCNews 
Plane carrying US evacuees from China amid coronavirus outbreak diverted to California air base | 
"Democrats appear to be just breezing past Donald Trump now." -@JoeNBC on a new 2020 poll showing a hypothetical matchup between Democrats and Pres. Trump 
Trump scrambles after accidentally sharing Social Security plan 
@earthma23 @BArgentavis But this does 
Tucker Carlson: Republicans shouldn't be surprised Bolton betrayed Trump. He's like a snake - always has been 
@davidfrum @JoeNBC Outrageous truth 
Warren on Trump administration: Corruption. No other word for it. #CorruptGOP #Coverup #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #GOPCoverup @SenatorRomney @SenMikeLee 
As coronavirus spreads, Tom Cotton calls for 'targeted travel ban' 
Meghan Markle, Prince Harry dubbed 'junior Obamas,' set to become 'billionaires' after Megxit 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source Who wouldn’t like to hear from the Bidens &amp; Schiff UNDER OATH? 😬 #impeachedForLife #AcquittedForever #KAG2020Landslide #MAGA 
Claire McCaskill: House Dems are making a better case than team Trump so far 
Polls show Americans want to hear from impeachment witnesses 
Lyndsay don't sound as fired up like last week. 
GOP develops aggressive 'Plan B' in impeachment trial, as several Dems appear to support acquittal: source 
@realDonaldTrump Trump is still committing crimes obstructing justice #ArticlesOfImpeachment #AbuseOfPower #ObstructionOfCongress #TrumpsCrimesAndLiesMatter #FlipTheSenate #DitchMoscowMitch #LeningradLindsey @LindseyGrahamSC @senatemajldr #DefendOurDemocracy #TrumpsGuilty 
"Puppy Bowl 2020: Where to watch and what to know" FOX NEWS 
"Trump pushes back against Bolton report with more bogus claims" 
@mikepompeo really? 
Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Chris Wallace says Nadler probably wants 1998 Clinton clip 'expunged from the Earth' 
National poll: US majority wants to see Trump removed from office 
Full audio: Lev Parnas audio of alleged 2018 Trump conversation 
VOTERS SHOULD be outraged as Tlaib the ENEMY WITHIN 
@SenSchumer @GOP @RepAdamSchiff @ @HardballChris Matthews: Trump's the wrong guy to be president cause he does stuff like this @ 
Feminists? Liberals? Hello? Anyone?.... Female flogging force unveiled in Indonesia to publicly punish women who violate Sharia law 
Well congrats to St Louis. Form your fellow top 5 finisher, DETROIT. NANANA WE ARE NUMBER 3! 😂 And now we have to hear it form Chicago. Anyway all jokes aside. We all have to get better. America's top 5 deadliest cities 
Our nature is limitless proving CONFINEMENT can only limit those who allow it. #FromDown2Up 
@CNN loves their lunatic hosts. These videos are the most viewed they have coming from their network. #cnn #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica 
Sen. Klobuchar: Why would GOP senators attend impeachment trial if they're not gonna protect the Constitution - frustration at the continued opposition to witnesses from Republicans and Trump's defense. 1/21/20 vis VIDEO 
Audio appears to show Trump ordering removal of Amb. Yovanovitch 
Sean Hannity invites Bolton to speak out on his show: 'You have something to say, John? Come here' 
See four of Mitch McConnell’s own Senate veterans fact-check him on convicting Trump 
Trump insider sides with Bolton on Ukraine, implying Trump is lying. As Trump’s impeachment defense team wraps up their arguments, Sen. Mitch McConnell huddles with his caucus over witnesses. 
Trump's curious trial boast: 'We have all the material' 
Harvard University professor accused of covering up ties to Chinese school, research program 
Describing attacks on Biden, Iowa's Ernst 'gave up the game' Object of the game was to tank Biden’s numbers in the election, NOT fight corruption. @LindseyGrahamSC OPEN YOUR EYES 
Angus King on Trump impeachment: This is more serious than I thought 
Trump, in New Jersey, greeted by fired-up rally crowd amid impeachment fight 
@thebordeline69 @donlemon @TheRickWilson @WajahatAli #DonLemon's assault accuser says #CNN anchor a 'liar and hypocrite' with #MeToo coverage 
Fotis Dulos rushed to hospital after failing to appear in court 
