Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
Better safe than sorry 
The arrest of penetration testers in Iowa last year has the industry abuzz over the personal dangers faced by cybersecurity staff. Mental health and burnout are also a concern. via @InfoSecHotSpot 
: 28f985a0-f704-4ea6-b6ac-228d6d9670e8 
@JoePCunningham Peggy Noonan identified this early: 
Survivors Mark 75th Anniversary of Auschwitz Liberation 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose | 😂🤣 
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes. 
National debt, national records. Looking forward 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@valhallabckgirl This, but Aunt instead of dad. 
Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides ⁦⁩ 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Looking forward to hearing from whistleblower, Hunter and Joe Biden, and Schiff. Going to have to be reciprocal. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Sepsis kills 1 in 5 people globally each year, according to analysis published in Lancet this month, more than 2x previous estimate. Some organizations are tapping #machine #learning to spot #sepsis before it turns deadly. #AI 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Investors Hunger for Munis, but Issuance Is Rare 
So the gospel is Toad from Mario Kart?? 
TBI is not a headache. 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes on a Jog This Morning 
@drtahmed @SherpaHossainy I finally found it: "College-educated mothers are spending more time with their kids than ever: an extra nine hours a week since 1995, according to a University of California at San Diego study. That's the equivalent of an entire extra workday every week." 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
@Cyndereller @TheRickWilson @pejesq @ajzeigler @realDonaldTrump The ISM manufacturing index in December registered its lowest level in over 10 years via 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems @senatemajldr @GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@GuyCreal @kingmark444 Jesus, you’re such a fucking moron. 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
is filled with baseball fans. Over the years, they have been particularly brutal with Jeter. 🤣 
Shared. Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept. is arrested. Very interesting...#academia# 
What happened #MoscowMitch?! Thought you’d wrap this up by SB Sunday?! 😂😂😂. Let’s go Bolton...AND Pompous Pompeo! 
"#PeteButtigieg was reportedly trapped in a walk-in freezer Thursday after searching an Iowa diner for its back room with high-rolling donors," the is 'reporting.' #MayoPete #WineCavePete #WallStreetPete 
@CatzCatems @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
@CNNnewsroom They called it.... 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Text messages that Jeff Bezos’ girlfriend provided to her brother are among the materials prosecutors are reviewing as part of an extortion probe via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via @Nature 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview #humor #art 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@BigTinyBird @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
‘How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies’ 
LATEST from : GOP leadership doesn’t currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses when the Senate votes later this week, Majority Leader McConnell said in a private party meeting, according to people familiar with the discussions. 
U.S. stocks opened higher as investors parsed efforts worldwide to contain a deadly virus outbreak in China. 
This is the best headline has put out in a while. 
“No more 10-12 hour hearings. With these monkeys, all the fecal projectiles will have been flung in under 30 minutes. One and done.” 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist - 😂 
@TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump 48% of the Black vote favor Biden. 
Opinion: The Democrat's Impeachment Case Could Set Dangerous Precedents #video #news #klout 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@csd @SenFeinstein @davidfrum If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in 2020. 
Bolton’s fall from rock-rib neocon to supposed opportunist left heads reeling. “Bolton,” Kilmeade told Grisham, “who’s a contributor here &amp; has always been upstanding &amp; very candid, if nothing else, &amp; honest…” “Was,” Doocy corrected. “Was a contributor.” 
markets: Strong results from United Technologies’ core aerospace business only highlight unanswered questions about its merger with defense company Raytheon. 
: e25a63d5-9537-4be6-9240-9695ab72ef51 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Note which was posted first. 
Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane? From Discover on Google 
I'm fairly sure that Apple hasn't said anything about them "transitioning to services" 
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
▶️ Video: Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
@TimRunsHisMouth Well, no, but we definitely escalated and illegally killed one of their revered leaders. 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign. CNN just got caught and shows them one-sided and hate the American people who voted for Trump. 
Former Australian PM Tony Abbott on Pres Trump: “Maybe it’s just been overtaken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main narrative is not one of American decline.” 
Here we go John Bolton : Mitch McConnell doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses #ImpeachmentHearings 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings! 😂😂 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
@TonyMHodge @LeonydusJohnson Are you kidding?They prayed for it. Now they are literally pissed off that nobody died. If gun control advocates really cared about safety, they'd be outraged at all of the repeat violent offenders we let out or bond out and harm again. All agenda. 
14th-Century Solutions to Student Debt - The Wall Street Journal 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime I like the pictures😂😂 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus'. I guess the Vatican @VaticanNews is going out of business... @Pontifex 
The White House legal team plans to close out its defense of President Trump in a shortened session aimed at persuading the Senate to look past potentially incriminating disclosures 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Cool client alert! - Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via #client 
Founder of #insys Therapeutics sentenced. @contrarydomino #erm #businessethics #revenuerisk 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support #art #article 
"The man who now embraces Mr. Trump voted against the president’s signature policies, including funding the border wall, repealing ObamaCare and leaving the Paris climate agreement." #NJ02 
Report: Everyone Starting New Exciting Stage Of Life Except You 
: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The more #FakeNews the merrier! 🎅 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Does this even matter? In a time when ageism is a real problem in the industry, we have to be careful not to inadvertently create stereotypes. 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
Why Capex Can’t Catch a Break 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
It's funny when writes stuff that is not in any way a joke. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
This was obvious from the start, Democrats have nothing. #ImpeachedForLife #impeachment 
@Alex_Bishop_91 @BernieSanders The Fed is thinking about going nuclear on socialism. I don't see you complaining about this. 
Tragedy Mask Clearly Jealous Of Comedy Mask 
Hong Kong Stocks Slump, Catching Up to Coronavirus Fears - 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @senatemajldr @SenateGOP @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz we want witnesses to appear and documents released by @realDonaldTrump . We will not tolerate a COVER-UP. 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak 
NEW: Nike says it sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise, clarifying that it didn’t remove the products or ask retailers to send them back. 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
Funny as heck! ( * ^ * )b I'd buy that great lookin' boom stick anyday babeh! Guns without hats are sooo boring and unfashionable!!! &gt;; D Pew pew pew! &gt;; D New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
#BREAKING from --&gt; McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Congrats on following Harold Baines! 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
A congress of congressmen... 
Mitch can't block witnesses, not enough votes 
This is reassuring to me: US Sec of H&amp;HS Azor says he won't hesitate to declare national emergency if needed. I like explicit affirmation @normonics #coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses Yes!!!! Bring it on, John Bolton! Bring it on, Lev! #RemoveTrumpNOW #MoscowMitchFails 
"Life is not a straight line". Love this quote. 
#WR: This is a paragraph to remark "Any country would struggle to cope with a viral outbreak of this scale, but the deficiencies in China’s public-health system are endemic. " via 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Here is a fascinating graphic Bay area towns cities have lots of new jobs (and approve lots of new office space) Housing is growing far slower 
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via 
Senate Approves Rules for Third Impeachment Trial in U.S. History #video #news #klout 
Remember this is satire. Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
I guess there's some impeachment thing --oh man! I almost forgot: it's taco Tuesday! as soon as I get off work, I'm going to get some delicious street tacos for half-off. I can never decide b/t carne asada &amp; pork. Ugh--aw, who am I kidding? I'll get both😂 
Finally, at least CNN's satire will Bee funny now. I'll be here all week folks. 😬 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
I'm still skeptical 
The Bee Is On Fire This Week....🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 
@garywhitta "We already know he's guilty and have made it clear we're okay with that, so why are you making us bored by proving it even more?" On the hope that enough of you are still capable of feeling shame that you flip on him, basically. Oh hey look 
#climatechange could cause the next major #financialcrisis, and the financial system is unprepared to respond, says the Bank for International Settlements. via @deloittecfo 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Week In Pictures – Week Of January 27, 2020 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump 
gotta start watching veggie tales again 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines 
Crazy story - Head of Harvard's chemistry department was arrested for concealing taking funding from the Chinese. via 
Too funny. Best one I've heard in months! Nothing like a little humor to lighten up a very serious issue. 😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Then lets get rid of CCP!!! China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus - 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Everyone I've ever met sent this to me. Sorry to my former colleagues at @nytopinion, but @nytimestravel definitely made the right choice here. #getthatprecheck 
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. via 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Some big consumer news: the new J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive Jan Singer. She also had Executive roles at Spanx and Nike. Solid, solid move for a brand that's at a crossroads. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Wait 
@conservatismtlk @ByronYork Hunter certainly is, it goes to his state of mind. Trump was impeached for his "corrupt purposes" 
We will see. Not getting my hopes up. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
A Crazy Ass Governor who admits thats he is Tyrannical is even more dangerous..Do the people a favor &amp; FIRE Yourself #RecallNortham Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism - We should watch from afar. 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. @juliejargon 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - This article deserves serious attention! 
Two compliance chiefs speak out about the link between organizational culture and compliance. Hint: it's stronger than you think. 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth ⁦⁩ #CRE #RealEstate #Multifamily 
Whether it’s retirement or a down payment, New Year’s is one of the best times to make a financial plan. Here are some of their tips and strategies. #PinnacleManagementPromotions #strategies #planning #financial 
@Ditzzeechick @SenBillCassidy @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Brainwashed liberals be like “we want witnesses.” Tell that to the house who didn’t subpoena them. 
Pentagon thinks jet crashed in Ghazni due to mechanical failure, not Taliban fire. Two US service members were apparently on the plane (no CIA personnel, it seems). 
@StormyDaniels Do tell. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
This is the last thing Trump wants to see. John Bolton almost certainly will be called in as a witness. Reportedly Bolton explicitly says in his coming book that Trump gave the order to withhold the congressionally mandated military aid pkg to Ukraine. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | I’ve never heard of anyone calling their dick the Gospel. 😄😄😄 
Trump Promises U.S. Will Continue To Recognize, Preserve Palestinians' Historic Refugee Camps 
When I saw that LAPD had grounded their helicopters due to poor visibility at the time Kobe’s crashed, I was afraid this might be the explanation: it’s possible the pilot got disoriented and flew into the side of the hill. If true the tragedy is even worse 
"We simply can't allow that to happen. We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like. If that means seizing power through a sham impeachment trial, so be it." 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks “...plus I’m missing Columbo” 
"Wingstop’s $25 million deal to sponsor the impeachment trial was the best offer Congress received" 
says @senatemajldr doesn't have the votes to stop vote on Witnesses later this week... #ImpeachmentTrials #Impeachment #Witnesses 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
a great satire site! I love the headlines! Although, meant to be a joke, they always have a ring of truth! 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
@RekietaMedia This was underneath this tweet on my timeline. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣😂 AND THERE WE HAVE IT!! @JimBakkerShow 
#Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of #iPhones, apps and its #AirPods wireless earbuds. ⁦⁩ 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Pfizer posted $12.69 billion in fourth-quarter sales, meeting expectations of analysts 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - ⁦⁩ #TrialsHaveWitnesses 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
If you don't see that we're all MMT'ers now, you're just not paying attention. 
» Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade | 
"I'm glad it's the 21st century," he added. "Living under the thumb of religion's doomsday declarations and moral judgments is so last millennium." 
New: BeeNN 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Hard No. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Shakespeare Says 'Lets Kill All the Lawyers,' but Some Attorneys Object - 
Civil Whites Movement 
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 - 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths 
Well this 
: 4fe1a8ee-9a02-41d7-af82-1ee4b5be998a 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
#China’s #Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the #UK’s next-generation #5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Heightened U.S. Aviation Security Focus on Iran Travelers Draws Scrutiny - via @NewslitCo 
Try this... 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@MarkCoh73362338 @HalaJaber Read and maybe you will know it to be true. You sound so ignorant do you that osma bin laden was in a group founded by the US to fight against the USSR in Afghanistan. That group which was the mujahadeen later became the Taliban. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
in 1998... State Department To Hold Enemy Tryouts Next Week 
Poll Shows Increasing Number Of Voters Blame Founding Fathers For Starting America 
@StormyDaniels I have to ask, how was your Bible study with asshole? 😂 
Wallstreet Journal covers one of Tech's little secrets: everyone is reading your email! &gt; Letting employees read user emails has become “common practice” for companies It is time to decentralize mail again... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ #SmartNews 
Bringing up his patriotism and his parents immigration history, @AlanDersh also tried to address #Constitutional law of #Impeachment. Alas, it did not work effectively😳 #Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Okay, this was funny. 🤣 
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. Story by @beckyyerak 
And it's my second avocado A-hed. The first was on diet avocados, aka #Slimcado. 
‘Black Wave’ Review: Islam Against Itself Saudi Arabia, Iran and the 40-year rivalry that unraveled culture, religion and collective memory in the Middle East Ms. Ghattas, a Lebanese-born journalist lays out a story that whispers: We did it to ourselves. 
@joshtpm Well spoken, my good fellow, but let me retort: 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
AS SCHUMER SAID, DID WE FOOL YOU AMERICA ??? WE TRIED IN MORE WAYS THEN ANYONE CAN KNOW. WE SO WANT TO WIN AMERICA BACK. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
In Attempt To Improve User Experience, Twitter Limits Posts To 0 Characters 
#China’s #cryptocurrency will likely outflank Libra, &amp; could pave the way to a new global currency order - it’s adoption is secured in China, its challenge will be the high street bank-biased west - video by 
Relaxation Guide For Stressful Times - 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
» Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This is how they twist the truth by equating trump &amp; jesus... WTF is he collecting for this shit🤣👹💩🙏. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
#Industry4.0 technologies continue to reshape the world, but how are business leaders capitalizing on the opportunities while managing their responsibilities toward the society? #ReadinessReport #4IR 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings "Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep," said one Philistine woman with pink hair and several face piercings 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - The Wall Street Journal 
got to talk to the always-wonderful @DianaHenryFood about her new book, From the Oven to the Table, and why simple cooking requires building yourself a good larder: 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
😂😂😂🐝🐝🐝AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Trump will use every tool in his toolbox to have the country and the world come to the conclusion "that resistance is futile." 
Please, please, please...pleeeeeeze!!! 
At press time, Sanders attempted to transition to discussing policy before being cut off and forced to draw the vulva. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, we've reached the portion of the program featuring trumps holy semen.I introduce.... 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@OptimusForPrez @NicholasNieblas @gaiabiz @HouseGOP @RepAdamSchiff Really? Are you sure you really want to do that?! Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Hypocrisy at its finest the democrats can do it under obama. Actually a quid pro quo in tape. People become informed 
markets: Apple's first iPad was also the first time the company took a deliberate hit to margins to grab share. And it wouldn't be the last. djtgallagher for heard explains: 
@judyyh @BenMandelker If you want to feel wicked nostalgic, read how Patty in Boston and Steve in Weymouth bemoan the loss of the Dunkies styrofoam cup. 
This weaponization of free speech has been distressing to many progressives not used to having to deal with alternative viewpoints. 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
This is the funniest shit that I have read in months. Any comedy writer in the country wold be proud to write this mesa. 
Morning! As the new coronavirus spreads, attention turns to China's wild animal markets - @JNBPage has more. Plus, @rebeccaballhaus on impeachment, @NickTimiraos on the Fed, and @_benkatz on Airbus' corruption settlement. 
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would via 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
@shelby_corinnx3 -- I was just telling you about this, lol. My Temp is 97.7ish. It probably came up in my feed *because* I was just telling you about this in DM, haha "We're taller, fatter, and live longer." 
Americans voices matter. Polling be driving Senators to do the proper thing by Americans and call witnesses. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@transportdata @schmangee This article was written for you 
Because we have a Canadian Artist Visiting: Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Trump team criticizes Pelosi for monthlong trial delay 
Absolutely brilliant move. 
@JSchanzer I guess by the Israeli position they mean the right to exist as a nation? I suppose that's a good goal to favor.. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
A quick 5 min video tutorial on the PMI and how it is related to market performance. How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy via 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
From 2018 Jim Bakker, member of #TrumpCult, explains reason for Trump's "alone time" with porn star 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Louis Vuitton's dip isn't the end of the luxury boom, but coronavirus will be a doozy 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
@realDonaldTrump LIAR! America won't be great again until we're rid of you. 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
"When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with." 
Hey @Robert_Jeffress is the new way of sharing the gospel? 
“While you may be tempted to dive into the stock market now, the real test will be in the future when civilization as we know it collapses and the only currency will be strength, dominance, and a thirst for blood,” Love the 
Your daily Bee! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
1/ "Florida Republican Sen. Rick Scott is airing an ad in Iowa seeking to tarnish former Vice President Joe Biden ahead of Monday's Democratic caucuses in the state. 
New York City grocer Fairway Market got permission to tap a bankruptcy loan while it tries to clinch a sale 
Today’s Left trades only in one emotion nowadays, and it’s not hope—it’s hate. Hate is all they have to offer. 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
The sacrifice some people are willing to make! - Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words,’ 📷@HarperCollins 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' *When democrats think this publication is real 
Love this idea. Deep work. Deep break. Separate the activities into distinct flows to concentrate, reflect, share and rejuvenate. 
I LOVE the BabylonBee.... 
Google proposal for a San Jose campus would essentially remodel the city as a 21st-century company town via 
It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously, and while their child was only months old,” a solemn Bakker said into the camera as colorful balloons provided a backdrop for some reason.  
exchanges ought to stop screwing investors by selling quicker access to the highest bidder- The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. @NewYork_SEC #flashcrash @CouncilInstInv 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
All Silicon Valley does is lie... : Tech Giants Publicly Say They Support Regulation But Privately Spend Hundreds of Millions to Stop Them #BreakUpBigTech #BreakUpBigData @ewarren @aoc $FB $GOOG GOOGL $AMZN $AAPL $VZ $ATT $CMCSA $NFLX 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Stocks Drop on Coronavirus Fears 
China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home #FreedomOfSpeech #Censorship 
: Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak—While Others Stay 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding 
In Genius Move, President Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose It! 
Get on the train. Food and beverage is the fastest-growing U.S. Ecommerce segment, with an estimated $22.63 billion in sales last year and projected to nearly double by 2022, to $40.04 billion. #ecommerce #nctech RapidOps, Inc. 
No thank you. 
What is remarkable about this satire, it is quite close to @RepAdamSchiff argument to @SenateFloor #ImpeachmentTrial 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
@SyxOfNyne @JoyceWhiteVance @Zebrafarm2000 Compared to Reagan, Bush, or Bush, Trump's ability to write the headline he wants SUCKS Example: "The Surge Worked!" (Emphasis added) 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
@ydye @JosephSakran I think you will find the security footage met a similar fate as described here 
Recording appears to show Trump calling for ambassador’s ouster 
BIG TIME NEWS MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS: Breaking News: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
"Whether it’s Ivanka, Don Jr., or one of the other two, they’ve each been a blessing that I never would have known if they had been aborted" 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
: cf3dea8c-3f4d-4db7-9814-aaa6cdc07fbd 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
our asymmetrical political discourse is not exactly new 
@SethAbramson @SethAbramson if true!!🔥🔥 »Breaking News: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses» 
What you need to know about: #FICO Changes Could Lower Your #CreditScore I'm trying hard to gain followers so please follow me on Twitter - Thank You. #ConsumerCredit #ObtainCredit #Debt #CreditRisk #RiskManagement #Lending #CreditScoring #InstantCredit 
⁦@laloalcaraz⁩ this must be every one from East of the Mississippi: There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
@goldblatchikens I didn't leave it out. The chart is from the : 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
@devikadutt @kestontnt @TheEconomist Just pointing out that the Economist, whatever be its other flaws, recommended that people don’t vote Modi in 2014. Here is a link: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
LMFAO😂😭🤣😭😂 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Harvard chemistry chair Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
@demonscythsynth Can they make her a TERF as well like Elsa? 
Winners list from the Grammy Awards via 2020 Grammy Award Winners 1/27/2020 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
markets: Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus 
“New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive,” ⁦@SuzanneKapner⁩ @wsj 
Neiman Marcus Borrowed to Cover Summer Cash Burn - 
Trump Honors War Criminal With Presidential String Of Human Ears 
@Chinchillazllla @NastyWoman1012 @BernieSanders "This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency." 
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, addressed their colleagues in the meeting. 
Great to see Deloitte's contribution: UpLink connects new generations of changemakers to the decision-makers who can implement the change needed for the next decade. Get involved. #ImpactThatMatters 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
“The U.K. is our most important relationship, it’s a very strategic relationship,” Mr. Mnuchin said. “The U.S. and the U.K. have very similar economies. I think this will be a very important relationship.” via 
Durable goods orders surged a strong 2.4% in December, but capital goods investment were down when defense and aircraft were stripped out. via 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
#IAH and #Hobby Airport both place in the number 10 spot for best airport in their category in Wall Street Journal's annual airport rankings. 
@HKrassenstein Also In The News : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
After%20Senseless%20Murder%20Of%20Goliath,%20Philistines%20Call%20For%20Ban%20On%20Fully%20Automatic,%20High-Capacity%20Slings 
Just as silly as the gun ban lobby's attack on innocent, law abiding gun owners.. #SecondAmendment 
@Rainbow_Stew_HA @CarmenL81408515 @michaelgriffey1 @brithume "Profit for CNN totaled $1.2 billion in 2018, according to a person familiar with the matter, the most profitable year for CNN to date." Correct, they were not #1; however, $1.2 billion is nothing to sneeze at. 
This will make it easier for Germany to follow suit. 
British Airways cancels all flights to and from mainland China as coronavirus spreads and governments begin evacuating citizens 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
#GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses: 
Chuck Schumer Condemns Mitch McConnell For Being Way Better At This Than Him 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
As far as I can tell, ‘American Dirt’ is the migrant version of this: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Modi Defends India’s New Citizenship Law as Protests Persist - 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - Donald Trump applying his unique bankruptcy skills. 
@donlemon This is disgusting. 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire #WhatDoYouThink? 
@DavidShuster @BernieSanders @joerogan Reminiscent of when they tried to smear him for going on Fox. Which, if I'm correct, Obama did also. And which Bernie slayed on (my friend's mother loved him). When calls you out for bullshit, you've arrived: 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN. 
@Susan78English When did " start using " as its role model for stories? 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
New Two-String, Five-Fret Design Introduced For Church Bassists 
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Measures to Contain Coronavirus Falter, Rattling Global Markets 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@petsit16 @RockyMountViews That, along with this. 👇🏻 
Schiff said that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," "We simply can't allow that to happen." WTF? 
@thehowie @LindseyGrahamSC Perhaps you don't read the news. Here's a timeline: 
@juanitagant @CNN @GOP I think that’s where it went. This is just as much about Biden as it’s about trump. 
New: Charles Lieber, the chair of Harvard's chemistry department, was charged in a criminal complaint Tuesday that alleges he did not disclose Chinese government funding her received. 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set: Parents cave in to kids’ relentless begging for Apple’s wireless white earbuds; schools ban them via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
#BabylonBee no longer satire! 🎀🎀🎀 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@jeanlucpeakhard Not unlike the Phoenix burbs 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton book wouldn't be impeachable 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This would be funny if it didn't have a bit of truth to it. Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Very telling &amp; dangerous hope ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ &amp; other read &amp; heed, hope ⁦@SenatorRomney⁩ is smarter now than 2012 when the election was his to lose, and he did! I shouldn’t have supported him. 
#homeschool As a former homeschool kid who took Koine Greek this article triggers me LOL 
@StillKicking62 @AEA @SenJohnBarrasso @SenRonJohnson @GrassleyPress @irs The problem is that Republicans want to screw over America in any way they can. If you are conservative, you will vote for the Democrat in 2020. 
Oh please. It's exactly why dictators have #2s: to blame when things go pear-shaped. 
@SWHesq @jlamiam @JoeConchaTV Not wrong! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
China Holds Back Some Ships from Calling at Wuhan @wsj 
Some remedies require more than flowers and a box of chocolates. Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
MAGA! Trump! Trump! Trump! U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
@IlhanMN Great.. you want farmers and blue collar workers to pay for people like this guy. $1m student debt, drives a Tesla and takes luxury ski trips. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar: 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via by @AngusLoten 
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via 
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like via 
An effort to curb President Trump’s ability to use military force against Iran has stalled during the Senate impeachment trial against him. via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects vía 
Northam said that we could have a better idea what the founders would have thought about guns, but sadly, "they did not see fit to leave us a document by which we might guard our country."' | 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
Once, a fellow in the next seat to me took off his shoes, revealing a serious rash and releasing a serious smell. It was so bad the flight attendant offered to reseat me...but didn't tell the fellow to put his shoes back on. #Roadwarrior via 
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
In Order To Stop White Men From Legislating Women's Bodies, Democrats Fight To Overturn Roe V. Wade 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
A top U.S. banking regulator said he doesn’t see time to compromise with the Fed regarding a proposal that would update federal regulations under the Community Reinvestment Act 
The boom in industrial real estate is losing steam despite vacancy rates remaining historically low, a new study from Cushman &amp; Wakefield suggests via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
This headline is fitting &amp; proper. #PublicCharge rule = "Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration" “Never before have we said, you have to be comfortably middle class before you come to America…That’s what we’re saying now.” via @brkend @MHackman 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
Legalizing marijuana regains attention among state lawmakers 
Satire... or is it? “Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election.” 
He already shot an elk tried DMT and is doing stand up tonight At the #comedystore .. I heard #Bernie already has a podcast coming out with #TheoVon 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
@MoveOn Move on needs to just Move the F on. You are a bunch of Woke cancel culture hacks. said it perfectly with this article. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
How Trump’s Mideast peace plan developed over the past three years 
#ImpeachmentTrial #TrialsHaveWitnesses #RightMatters #AdamSchiffHasMyRespect McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus #satire #comedy 
Congress Approves $3 Billion In Military Aid For Netanyahu To Defend Self Against Israeli Justice System 
@JesseKellyDC @AKA_RealDirty Look at this one...👀👀 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Wuhan University of Technology gave Mr. Lieber more than $1.5 million to set up a research lab in China, according to the complaint. The school also agreed to pay him a $50,000 monthly salary and offered about $150,000 in annual living expenses... 
Finance executives are taking measures to protect their employees and their customers against the coronavirus, but say it is too early to tell what the financial implications might be for their businesses, @Nina_Trentmann reports for @CFOJournal . 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@CNN Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I think I'll start spreading the gospel like this. sounds like great fun. @Franklin_Graham 
Everyone On The Internet Awarded Honorary Degree In International Affairs 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Man Regrets Wasting Money On College After Failing To Secure Perfect Dream Life By 24 
Epstein didn’t love her enough... obviously, neither did her parents. What a monster👇🏽🤮 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
@Speicher2017 @willchamberlain Me too. I'm just used to a series of electoral as well as Electoral College Presidential elections in the USA going back to JFK in 1960... 
How to ditch your boring suit: 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
BREAKING-SATIRE SITE REPORTS MORE NEWS THAN @CNN—ADMITS CNN’S PURE SATIRE!! “In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN” | 😂😂🤣#tcot 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@CarmineSabia @thecjpearson @ChrisCuomo "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
The audio generation is starting even younger - too young? @juliejargon on how both parents and schools are grappling with demands for AirPods @wsj #education #edtech 
"That means polygenic scores will offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what is innate and what is added by the environment." @CharlesMurray's essay in today's , adapted from his new book. 
@hjluks I’m just gonna leave this here: #murica 
Dow Drops Over 450 Points on #Coronavirus Fears Oil, Europe equities slump as new infections are detected outside China 
Congress Approves $3 Billion In Military Aid For Netanyahu To Defend Self Against Israeli Justice System 
ROFL!!!! John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Holy shit. Another reason I left organized Christianity. #Donorrhea can't even tell you what the gospel is. He can't rattle off just two of his favorite Bible verses. "TWO Corinthians?!" Please. @JimBakkerShow @700club @Franklin_Graham @JerryFalwellJr 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Pro-Life Demonstrator Clearly Using Image Of Subway Chicken Enchilada Melt On Anti-Abortion Poster 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Weird But True: If You Put Your Ear Up To The New Joel Osteen Book, You Can Hear Dozens Of Tortured Bible Verses Screaming In Pain | 
Just say no! CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
In Major Deal, The Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
"The better-armed Germany AKK hopes to build would be a conservative force in international relations." #geopolitics 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Experts Warn Global Outrage Levels May Reach Point Of No Return In 2020 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The U.S. #national #debt will #rise to 98% of #GDP by #2030, CBO projects via 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
@TomKibasi @EuphoricEuler Amazon pays taxes according to our screwed up tax code. We need to fight for an overhaul of the entire tax code. 
: Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
@StormyDaniels Hi Stormy according to this clown, jimmy bakker, he said that @realdonaldtrump was sharing the gospel when he was with you. Is that true? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
Much like Brexit itself, plans for a Brexit museum haven’t exactly gone smoothly 
Hahahahahahaha!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Santana And Rob Thomas' 'Smooth' Sweeps Grammy Awards For 13th Year In A Row 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
After WeWork, real estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
The European plane maker has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption. 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
Ties Between Jews, Democratic Party Face New Pressures - 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial. ED: No, this is “fake news,” presented for your amusement. - 
@LexxHunter @TeddyRay1 @hollowbot46 @shyvioletisme Don't leave but if you do I suggest you join 
ONLY PEOPLE TAMPERING WITH ELETIONS ARE DEMOCRATS THEMSELVES.....Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Teaser for Mark McConville's new book, "Failure to Launch: Why Your Twentysomething Hasn’t Grown Up…and What To Do About It." 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - This is completely insane. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth- #WeWork 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
A research that is 10 years late... via 
@RepAdamSchiff You are literally a joke. 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
We talked to Blair Underwood about how he drew inspiration for his role in the play “A Soldier’s Play” from his father, how it compares to playing Othello and why he thinks the play makes so much sense in 2020. 
Dimms ought to know about election fraud if anyone does… Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
@michellemalkin This might explain Harvard's Chinese bias 
Virginia May Kill Right to Work 
#Oil, #Copper Drop on Coronavirus Fears 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys #WhatDoYouThink? 
@Arconservative1 @thehill A small band of the president’s most devoted fans will do whatever it takes to attend his campaign rallies via 2/ 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker pot kettle black my head hurts 
This is some bullshit. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
@slooterman Hugely important to make a unique comment but has a long way to go to be a record (see net neutrality) 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Terrible decision @BorisJohnson. Absolutely terrible: Say goodbye to the quick U/S.-U.K. trade deal. Why make easy decisions hard, and why make obviously counter-productive choices? 
@revreaves @joelockhart I'm not taking issue with that; tastes differ. I'm just saying the Bee often goes after Trump and the kind of Christians who think Trump can do no wrong. You might enjoy this one, lol: 
McConnell says @GOP DOES NOT have #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Senate majority leader @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
Breaking: acquires competing satire organization, @CNN, in a move to satirize both sides of the political spectrum. 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
A choose your own adventure game with helpful insights on balancing money and life. The data is focused on the U.S. but from what I saw the themes still hold true for Canadians. 
Progress. “This weekend, when twelve inches of snow fell, I swallowed my pride and handed my wife the snow shovel.” 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys #freelance 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Don’t know about management but I can easily see the average Seattle sports fan thinking this makes sense. 😂 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
🐐🐐🐐 Kobe, Forever 🐐🐐 
@ButchGayst @AschleighJ @culturalfatwa @walletkeysjuul @kateljacobson and a minimum 2.7 million dead in the Gulag, labor colonies and special settlements. 2/2 P.D.: source was Wall Street Journal but i can find more sources if you like. 
@EliseStefanik Meanwhile.... 
Well, ya gotta be pretty stupid to fall for this one. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. The new world is emerging while we're playing God in the Middle East. 
What was your favorite passage, @StormyDaniels ? 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job @Talentpath 
@Viccimn How about that right wing propaganda machine......wait for it......the .......#dumbass....👇🏿 
@dango8mybb @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 🤣 
“We cannot let ourselves get caught up in a biased proceeding that does nothing to address the surreal problems many Americans face.” 
@SenCoryGardner Why is it that you’re unconcerned about this President’s actions and how they impact America? “Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman.” 
#Nike Site Sells Out of #Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death - 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Agglomerate::::Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial Tomorrow could be more interesting! 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces #Baseball As National Pastime. Americans’ favorite entertainment is the much faster-moving and varied entertainment of getting mad at stupid nonsense they read about online. 
Trump Plan Breaks the Mold in Mideast Peace Efforts 
Good. 
Stocks Drop on Coronavirus Fears 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit #SmartNews 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Parody! 
I'm a Harry. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
.@MittRomney Busted With Contraband #ChocolateMilk Bottle on #USSenate Floor via &gt; #utpoli #bospoli #mapoli #dueprocess #dairy #evidence #witnesses #corruption #impeachment @SenateGOP 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
"I don’t have a history in the publishing business,” Thatcher Wine says. “I didn’t go to school for library science, or even for design or literature. I’m just completely free to make this up as I go along—and have a lot of fun with it.” 
Moscow Mitch says he does NOT have enough votes to block witnesses 
😂😂😂😂😂😂 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the sickening wildlife trade in recent years and public calls for a permanent ban on wild animal meat via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
I’m dead! This is hilarious! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Like Warren G. Harding, Joe Biden is running on a return to normalcy. And it’s working, even if some of his ideas aren’t really unifying, writes @kyleopeterson 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters - 
@carterforva Pretty much every American conservative: 
Sounds good to me! Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals 
🤣 Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
@RepAdamSchiff Adam, Trump is on trial for doing the same things as Joe Biden did as VP, holding back aid money to force Ukraine to end prosecutor investigation into Hunter Biden's shady nepotism to get a highly profitable corporate board position in Ukraine. Roll tape: 
Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
@senatemajldrCEBOOK Mitch Derangement, Syndrome Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her. Thank you, Senator McConnell. You are protecting the Constitution &amp; the balance of power between all three branches. So proud of you 
India is raising barriers to U.S. tech companies. “One of the lessons they draw from China is that protectionism can work.” via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says. 
(2/5)Today the says Airbus SE’s penalty could be several times the size of the Rolls-Royce fines. #fines 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
In 2020, the biggest challenge will be to understand where the growth will come from on a macro level, said Oscar Decotelli, chief executive of Brazilian private-equity firm DXA Investments 
markets: The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Outbreak Tests Faith in Global Economy 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Gloria from @ModernFam had something like this and called it her "escape bag." FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
How peace reigned for what seemed like forever. 
@IvankaTrump There has been a rise in antisemitic attacks and incidences since Daddy was elected. Wonder why? @IvankaTrump 
This is all I can think of when I hear Decency Collective 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game 
We're getting closer to seeing Trump on the hot seat. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Santander Profits Beat Expectations via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank via 
Hey @brianstelter and @CNN, care to comment how it feels to be owned by a satirical site? 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
[SNOWFLAKE ALERT: SATIRE] CRAZY #SCHIFF SUGGESTS AMERICANS WHO VOTE FOR #TRUMP ARE "TAMPERING WITH THE ELECTION..." 
OMG LOL 
Phones That Can Read Your Mind 
@jdb240 @RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump That does not answer my question on what you said. That is also from Babylon Bee, a satire site. You are pushing literal fake news you ding dong. 
Plausible. 
@MaryhenJimenez Spain 1978 Franco was already dead. South Africa 1991 was part of an "agreement" in the power struggle between Soviets and USA. But as maduro has even said he feels no pressure: And with Putin meddling a solution looks far away: 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Strangest story lead I've seen in a while. 'Technology giants helped pump the West Coast full of choking traffic and expensive homes. Now they are trying to fix the damage.' 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the horrific wildlife trade in recent years and public calls for a permanent ban on the cruel wild animal meat trade via 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
The Silicon Valley experiment: Can Google expand dramatically in San Jose without ruining traffic and jacking up housing prices? 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
From opinion: The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost #Coronavirus #China 
@mkraju So this story is wrong? 
Look just get a fucking avocado thingy already, stop being stupid 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Republicans are scared they know they don't have the courage to stand up for the truth, USA and justice so they will continue to protect the guilty that betray America for greed, money and power 
Dipshit @GovernorVA Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
"The Justice rebukes the growing practice of lower courts ruling beyond the parties to a specific case." Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
gets it: 
Don’t know if I believe it, but if true....🗣🗣🗣TURN IT UP!!!! 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
Mopping the coffee aka covfefe off my monitor! Hey, Jim...I've got a bridge to nowhere to sell you! 
@bobclendenin @FloydMcCutcheo1 @brithume U goofed. U didn't mean thumbs-up on my tweet. I tweeted Trump's team showing this clip of biden admitting he w/held aid until Ukraine fired the lawyer investigating biden's son. The clip is a fact that BOOSTS Trump's case. 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
: 03962198-ff83-4cbc-99a2-1082d5c56213 
@mayawiley Ok, I'm confused. published a conflicting report. Who's right-- or Bennett? via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@Lrihendry No, he didn't release the $$ until the whistleblower came forward, which exposed his scheme... 
This is usual: Rick Scott, a Republican senator from Florida, is airing ads in Iowa bashing Joe Biden and his son ahead of the Democratic presidential caucuses. 
@RedState "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
The Company of Second Chances - 
@DNC @w_terrence @Tee2019K @CondorDM @RyanAFournier @highmilage57 @bfraser747 @BlueFalcon3P @doc_revan @KBUSMC2 @Kimber82604467 @KimPKAG2020 @joey_grahl Oh we won't be tamper with the next election but we will blow you all out of the water ! 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
@hilaryluros I recommend giving a follow. Super interesting. 😂😂😂 
FBI Agent Still Tasked With Following Noam Chomsky Around Prepares For Another Day In Local Panera 
@TheRightAOC @zanbunn @tacross @LooneyTunes002 @FlyOverJames @JohnLockeNC Welcome, get to work! 😆 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal 
SUR supporters have sent thousands of calls and emails demanding witnesses testify. Your work is paying off. But there are two days of questions before the Senate votes on witnesses. We have to keep the pressure on. Call and email your Senators every day. 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content # #art 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Researchers Discover Cure For Man Bun 
@realDonaldTrump @JimBakkerShow @700club oh my goodness ! I laughed so hard I pissed my pants !! 💦💦 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 #humor #art 
Predictably, bored to tears by the impeachment proceedings, the honey badgers quickly fell asleep. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay WILL THEY BE PLACED IN ISOLATION FOR 2 OR MORE WEEKS SO AS TO NOT SPREAD THRU AMERICA??? 
Because If there's one thing every first class cover-up requires, it's a whip count. 
"U.S. podcast advertising revenue was about $678 million in 2019," #Podcasts 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero | 
I’m digging this meta-level turn in the Bee’s output. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@TheDaniel_Ray GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
#Bioethics News: Hospitals have granted giant tech companies access to millions of detailed health records, raising concerns over patient privacy and control over health data 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
@C_and_E This news just reinforces what @HunterLamirande touched on in his piece: 
J&amp;J had tried to keep its CEO from testifying, arguing that Alex Gorsky had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders via #talc #powder #talcum #asbestos #cancer #ovariancancer #mesothelioma 
I know this is the ..............but it's probably true. 
Satire Tweet 4 () "Study Finds Medical Marijuana Effective For Treating Long-Term Pain Over Jerry Garcia’s Death" 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout - 
Trump's Approval Rating Among Terrorists Hits All-Time Low 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
No one will be able to tolerate this much satire. 
Great profile of @akk by @wrmead in . Crucial 🇩🇪conveyes a strategy to allies. "The better-armed #Germany #AKK hopes to build would be a conservative force in international relations... German policy would still be grounded in both #NATO and #EU." 
Not all business models are equal. This piece by @konradputzier in @wsj details the differences between tech and real-estate startups, including capital requirements and risk profile. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #fakechristian #hypocrites #hypocrites #hypocrites 
#MoscowMitch doesn’t have enough @SenateGOP votes to block witnesses. 
@PuestoLoco The Wall Street Journal Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
AOC has a degree in being an ASSWIPE 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay Let them stay there. No, make them stay there. 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
"“that whole gimp basement shootout." -Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Two other reporters uncovered the deadly conflict of interest: TUV SUD worked as both a consultant and safety evaluator for Vale. It felt pressure to certify the dam as safe in order to not lose its lucrative work as consultant. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
State Department will issue rules restricting U.S. travel for pregnant foreigners, a move the Trump administration wants to crack down on what it calls ‘birth tourism’ via 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future: Cheap borrowing has fueled bond issuance, but repayment deadlines in coming years are raising concerns via 
This article has some great insight on what it's like to live with a 'just starting out salary'. 
Romney and Bolton should get together and console themselves and trade notes on how they can get back at Trump for humiliating and rejecting them. 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
New York Gazette ™ Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales: - Apple Inc. has shaken free of last year’s iPhone slump, posting record revenue and a return to profit growth in the latest quarter behind strong sales… 
Military grade weapons in civilian hands: 
"For Li, it’s the only time in seven or eight years that he’s been the man of the moment. It’s a huge opportunity for him." | @LowyInstitute's @mcgregorrichard 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Must read: #coronavirus Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
If you study the Bible you'll get the reference here. 
@ryanobles @PeteButtigieg @BernieSanders @merica "dark money group" as opposed to Pete, who has a whites-only money group. 
@jaymarriotti @michael_loomer @bacchaus351 @FlyStatement @S_a_r_a_h_____ @Thomas1774Paine @FluffsterP @realDonaldTrump @DilleyShow And Canadians flock to America for medical care. 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Real-estate companies are slowing down its pace and willing to take less risk 님이 공유 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via Keep CALLING your senators. A glimmer of hope! #OneVoice1 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
It's About Time !! Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Who knew? In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism 
This is excellent news! 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
@SaolDara @zarahsultana He did 
I will never never trust any evangelicals again about anything in my life. They are all pharisees as far as I am concerned. 
@LissaMarie630 @AgileApophenia @JJDemonic @verycosmic This has me worried. Can you tell me what you might have heard about this? 
#Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@jefmbv This is me at high society events: 
After Bolton accurately criticized Bush's concessions to North Korea in this op-ed 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal 
Here's the piece, and thanks again to @marcelo_H_ for being up for the interview. I learned a ton about two very different subjects: immigration and poetry. 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge 
Does this mean some GOP members finally grew a pair? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@_BeautifuIMind @SreenivasanJain @mmazumdar2014 @airindiain @TIME @TheEconomist @Forbes @nytimes @NikkeiAsia @FT @washingtonpost @Swamy39 Our govt is in distress sale mode. Today they sell airindia.Railway already started selling it's fleet. Airports are going to Adani.BPCL HP&amp;many other profit making entities are for sale.Even the reserve money with RBI is taken. Wake up bro. It's too late 
Global Economic Brief: Climate Risk Red-Flagged For Central Banks via @deloittecfo 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #Technology #Information 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set Parents cave in to kids’ relentless begging for Apple’s wireless white earbuds; schools ban them. All Jacob Mars wanted for Christmas was a pair of AirPods. Not the regular $159 model, AirPods Pro, He’s 11 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for #Coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #China #ChinaVirus 
Amid economic and political uncertainty—and mixed signals on consumer sentiment—the new year finds retail CFOs exercising caution when it comes to investments and expansion. via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - I’m starting to get some hope back. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
: Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers 
😂🤣 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
@NBASarah Reminds me of this piece 
Motorcyclist Who Identifies As Bicyclist Sets Cycling World Record Thanks to 
"Whether framed as injunctions of ‘nationwide,’ ‘universal,’ or ‘cosmic’ scope, these orders share the same basic flaw -- they direct how the defendant must act toward persons who are not parties to the case." -- Gorsuch, J. (concurring) 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Heightened US security focus on Iranian Travelers @GlobalCRL @hand 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Feds have emails from the prof to underlings detailing his intent to lie to the FBI and to Harvard officials last year. Seriously, just because you're smart does NOT mean you're likely to outsmart federal investigators 🤦‍♂️ 
The pressure on pharmacy seems to continue to grow, and yet as patients we'd be lost without it. Sadly, like any business it's about the revenue generation and profitability and with so many players within the market place, phar… 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump bankrupting our country. This is winning? 
I hate fake Christian's 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships - Wall Street Journal #IntelligentAutomation 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
'There Are More Than Two Genders,' Tortured Employee Forced To Say In Darkened Room At Google Headquarters 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. vía 
I Am Fun 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
“The iPhone still ac­counts for the ma­jor­ity of Apple’s rev­enue, about 61% in the lat­est quar­ter.“ $AAPL 
Ninety-three pastors have come and gone since First Baptist Church of Peotone opened its doors 86 years ago, but one thing has remained unchanged—the flower arrangement on the pedestal next to the piano in the church's sanctuary. 
Looks like the Groundhog saw his shadow which means 6 more weeks of Impeachment. 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Via ⁦@KonradPutzier⁩ , 
: New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations - insightful by ⁦@MichaelCBender⁩ &amp; ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ 
Fingers crossed #Impeachment 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Oops! A social media scheduling error apparently caused Hillary Clinton to post her condolences for Tulsi Gabbard's suicide one day early. Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Wonderful set of charts in this article a couple screens down: 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Wow! Like we live in China! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I'm a fan of William, so happy that my leadership style is closest to his. However, I used to like Harry. 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS American taxpayers would like to see an audit of the @federalreserve. Private banks created the fed in 1913 and have monopolized US currency. #EndTheFed 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
First you laugh then you cry 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor -- "Mr. Romney retreated to the Republican cloakroom after the staff member appeared gently to chide him." @lindsaywise is on the case. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
⁦. @JimBakkerShow⁩ - you are such a delusional twit. What say you, ⁦@thegoodgodabove⁩ 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The pressure on Huawei continues to mount but Europe and emerging markets may be it's savior. #China #Huawei #Blacklist #USA #5G 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 🤣 SATIRE 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
"The number of union members fell by 170,000 in 2019—a year when U.S. employers added more than 2.1 million jobs—reducing the share of the workforce in labor unions to 10.3%, the lowest portion on record since 1983” 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@_AlvinChristian brought to life... 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@Databob finally something Bernie and I agree on lol kidding. 
via Attainder for Beginners A "grenade" is constitutional. A sniper rifle isn't. 
Who Hacked Jeff Bezos? Answers &amp; questions in this fascinating and entertaining podcast with my colleagues @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf (who reveals his newsroom nickname.) Detes on the feud w/ Saudi crown prince, Bezos' girlfriend &amp; more. 
"Sharing the gospel" is new for 'NO CONDOM'. 🙃🙃🙃 
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via 
OP-ED: "Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where #Pandemics Breed" | By Christian Walzer and Aili Kang for The Wall Street Journal #China #Wuhan #WuhanVirus #Hubei #virus #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak #zoonotic #zoonoses #wildlifetrade ⁦Opinion⁩ 
This chart from the is eye opening. 
Child Entertained For 5 Minutes By #Plastic Toy That Will Take 1,000 Years To Biodegrade #Trash #DisposableCulture #Capitalism #Toys #Oil #Environment 
🎵You need Congress's approval, and you don't have the votes!🎵 GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Semester At Sea Students Steal Anchor For Dorm Room 
Beijing’s sophisticated censorship machine is running up against growing public anger over gov handling of #wuhanconoravirus “Wuhan must immediately have a change of guard!” says one Weibo post that had gone viral before getting deleted. 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
An exciting development in 5G competition. Will this change other governments’ mind about Huawei’s 5G technology? It is also interesting that I see a lot of Huawei devices in Europe, but not in the US. #BCSTT 
@mattzollerseitz Horribly inhumane. That said, speaking of gallows humor: 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
NEW: McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🔥 
#BirtherInChief #CorpMedia #Idiocracy #Oligarchs #MegaBanks vs #Union #Occupy #NoDAPL #BLM #SDF #DACA #MeToo #Humanity Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders Stressing that their duty to uphold... 
@AIR_CAV @DaveEverlasting McConnell and Lindsay should be held accountable for this. Trump had a chance at witnesses, now Democrats will get them? Pelosi maneuvered way better than McConnell in the house: 
Yes! This is what @realDonaldTrump wanted all along! @HouseDemocrats are handing him the opportunity to get the whole truth out there. 
BRING ALL THE WITNESSES YOU WISH JUST MAKE SURE YOU BRING THE BIDEN'S, WHISTLE BLOWER, AND ADAM SCHIFF! 
Sepsis, or blood poisoning, is killing one in five people globally each year, according to an analysis published in the Lancet this month 
High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Growth-oriented investment firm General Atlantic has collected more than $3.33 billion in fresh commitments spread across two investment funds. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
McConnell doesn't have the votes. Keep calling your Senators. 202-224-3121. 
, 2009: "Rattner, was one of the [Obama] administration's wealthiest officials. His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million." 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via But of course he did! 
@ddale8 @chestnut_daniel He left out some facts man. You fools believe anything this man says. The 10yr forecast for the economy is bleeding. 
#Commodity traders are being cautious as #crudeoil and #copper prices slumped amid heightened fears that the spread of the #coronavirus could erode demand in #China which is the world’s largest consumer of industrial #commodities via 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts 
: 10a2a5b3-368f-48d9-b98b-4ef671aa5bf1 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
Lovable Granny Clinton Gives Advice 2Youngster Bernie ! 
@1taiwantalk Meanwhile, the #WHO and #PopeFrancis praise the #CCP's humanitarian efforts. 
Shortage of experienced CFOs? There's another path: flexible #CFO advisory services, backed by a full finance team as needed, with sector-specific knowledge, perspective and contacts accumulated over decades of experience. via 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Ridiculous! How about we try to actually reform immigration policy instead of keeping everyone out? 
@RachelFeintzeig covers #loneliness in the #workplace for : #GenZ and #Millennial workers feel lonelier at work, driven in part by what they see as misalignment between their values and those of their companies. 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings 
@Mokum_Misfit @OP_Omom @DireMakerBand @LadyReverbs @Landorcan @Queeroolant @nonnie7696 @TimOnTheTractor @ggjggjh @garden_heidi @LpsdlwyerW @Fuksoks @stlwrkr4889 @lmorihouse @ComradeCalifor1 @scapelliti @Ivybono1 @LoraLea16 @richten47 @GhostAnneBoleyn @VryKranky @50linesonly @Sema4Texas @elisha1022 @Matt_Read_NZ @mrs_socialista @wilwin94 @JackieHardCoreG @AlexaSm86703415 @LumpyLouish @popsknox @KingTherapy @mattwsm @BradleyRBloom @spatial_anomaly @AbbyMartin @YouTube @RealTimBlack “Of course I believe in Trans. Everyone should get a Trans Am.” —Joe Biden 
@IngrahamAngle LOL. Up is down, down is up, eh? 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us via 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending 
It’s the ... or is it...? Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Managing the psychological contagion from Wuhan may be the most important task for U.S. policy makers, writes @HolmanJenkins via 
#RentControl is narrowing the supply line where housing is needed most. via @_willparker_ HT @GeorgeEntis @cbremultifamily @RiceJeanette #HousingAffordability 
New drugs powered the company’s fourth-quarter sales, a sign that the drugmaker’s move to become smaller company and rely on its own laboratories for growth is starting to emerge. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Of we could just get the right people to implement . . . 
@BernieSanders Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Today's effort: 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
If there WAS a god, we wouldn't be hearing from dipshit conman, Jim Bakker! 
: 112f7713-110f-407e-a8b8-381752ef9165 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Huge Win for 🇺🇸! Now let’s focus on America First! With helping and fixing the homeless crisis in America, encourage continued wage growth and respect working Americans! Supreme Court Allows President Trump to Welfare Based Restrictions on Immigration 
The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of allegedly lying to the U.S. about millions in Chinese funding he has received - #highered #edleaders 
@cspanwj #QAnon #WeAreTheNewsNow In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton. 
Hmm sounds a lot like... ABORTION!! 
Just another day in ‘Murica 
@SenAlexander Senator, I respectfully ask that you request to hear from Bolton, as I believe it is important for the nation to have real withnessses, and he can speak directly to motive. 
B-12 deficiency affects millions of people in the U.S. and, if left untreated, can lead to permanent neurological damage and even death via 
This is the funniest thing I've seen all week. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the spread of a new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #Protect2A 
Amazon Scoops Up More Warehouse Space on Staten Island 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
@MikeLevinCA "Reporting" is not proof. 
This is cute.👍 
Sources say it didn’t go well as no praising the lord or shouts of oh god were heard during the “meeting” 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ - because even tRump needs a #usefulidiot 
"Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency" This is how centralized governance failed to deal with emergency like this one. 
We are evolved to love babies. Cooperating in their care may have been key to the evolution of human cooperation. @alisongopnik 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Thing is that, despite the fact this ad is made with no good intentions, it still lands. This is how weak Biden's candidacy is. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@macaulaybalkan should have done this one though: or this one: 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@GynoStar Folks at are getting eerily close to reality again.😅 Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
“Charlie Lieber is an extraordinary scientist whose work has transformed nanoscience &amp; nanotechnology", Harvard's president declared in 2017 when naming him University Professor. Chair of Harvard chemistry department also failed to declare Chinese funding. 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Via --&gt; * McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses * McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East. 
“Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding” China CCP Govt is a deadly virus that can weaken and harm the free world 
“You can make more as a dog walker in New York City than as an infant-toddler caregiver […] it’s scary.” 
At a closed-door GOP lunch before Monday's trial session began, Sen. Mitt Romney of Utah spoke forcefully about the need to have former national security adviser John Bolton testify before the Senate, according to people familiar with the matter. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses My friends in our retirement community seem to think that in the end, the Republicans will stand true to form and cave to the Democrats. Every RINO needs to go start a new party of wishy washy turncoats. 
EVANGELICAL........LUNATIC claims Trump was just administering the gospel to @StormyDaniels ------ 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
Legalization is changing a ton of different things.... Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
As the UK government approves a role for Huawei in the country's 5G network, re-upping our investigation into the Chinese company's operations across Africa. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Great acceptance of reality from #AKK that will hopefully take hold in German politics #germany #NATO #defense #EU @wrmead via 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
I Am Fun 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
"I don’t expect such analyses will be free of controversy." is an understatement... 
And during a strong economy... #playingwithfire U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   
"One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal" Amazon and desert don't mix well via 
: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” 
SWEEPING THE NATION! Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
"Baseball is unsure of how to compete with constant outrage for people’s free time. They’ve reportedly tasked top academics to come up with an argument that the designated hitter rule is racist to get people yelling about it again." 
: 4b33df19-4157-4806-ad38-7f1c2bbaf250 
Republican senators when the impeached president is a Democrat: 
: Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
Chinese Property Developers Face Off Against the Communist Party 
#Recipe for a #Cake Seriously Worth the Splurge - The Wall Street Journal 
Hey @jaketapper You blew it. The point raised: Was it really US foreign policy TO MAKE A THREAT THAT #Ukraine HAD 6 HOURS TO FIRE ONE OFFICiAL as @JoeBiden bragged he did? @CNN @TheDemocrats @GOP 
Definitive proof that a President and Vice-President withheld funds to Ukraine due to a Ukrainian prosecutors investigation of VP's idiotic son. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere #Satire #Christianity 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Here's the latest on what you need to know about #2019nCoV. via 
California regulators could potentially scuttle the $26 billion merger between T-Mobile and Sprint 
@realDonaldTrump So sad. Better get out the Pikes! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - “Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel #trump 
Major stock indexes rise even as bonds briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
“Probably bats are the origin from looking at the virus itself, and it got from bats into people in the wildlife market. This is absolutely déjà vu all over again from SARS.” 
Physicians ages 40 to 54 experience a higher rate of burnout than older or younger doctors, according to a survey of over 15,000 physicians. 95% of time used to be spent with patient-now it’s spent with computer.⁦@SeemaCMS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #ImpeachedForLife #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachTrump 
For reelz 
Many major broadband companies are dishonest about the speed consumers need and the speeds they're actually capable of. 
Here you go. To all my fellow @realDonaldTrump fan base. Use this video to shut up everyone running their mouth about our President and tell them to shut the Hell up with their hypocrisy. 
Green bond market, with $59 billion in activity in 2019, poised to grow faster with electronic trading @ClimateBonds @seankidney 
Could just as easily be The Financial times, eh? 
Bolton Claim Ties Trump to Aid Freeze 
@robertcaruso Debt held by the public at 98% by 2030. couple that with social security shortfalls and we're in for a wild ride. 
@ImikSabi @TwinklingTania If there actually was a significant sell-off the Fed could step in and buy up excess bonds to keep the price where they want. Here's the Fed admiting it can do this: 
As Part Of Settlement With Nick Sandmann, CNN Hosts Must Wear MAGA Hats During All Broadcasts 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed 
Hillary has some great advice for Bernie🤣🤣🤣🤣😉😉😉😉😉Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Amazon is expanding its warehouse operations in New York City as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to customers in the area 
Impeachment Inquiry Canceled After 5 Episodes Due To Low Ratings | 
What impeachment??? 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Big antitrust investigation starting as Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger - 
@SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @OrrinHatch @SenatorRomney @tedcruz @marcorubio @RandPaul @ChuckGrassle @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler Damn man, @realDonaldTrump, why didn't you just tell us you were sharing gospel talk. I get it! 
"With Russia and Turkey actively seeking to undermine European security, and the U.S. shifting to a more distant and transactional posture, AKK believes Germany’s situation has changed in a fundamental way." Liebe @spdde, wann werden wir aktiv? 
Just Perfect 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses.” And If You Don’t Know Now You Know. #JohnBoltonMustTestify 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
My goodness, what a tool. 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] Why the warning? If some yahoo snowflake bitches to Twitter about a satirical tweet about which they have been forewarned, in my senility, I actually think it will make a difference. Please don't unfollow me because I'm a sap. 
"Look, if you want to be likable in politics, you've got to be willing to fight for it, and maybe kill for it," she said. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' Bernie is not liked. Hillary is liked. Be like Hillary!! Suicide your detractors!! 
@SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump Really? 
So true. A must read for Conservatives and RepubliCans to understand 'progressive' Democ🐀🐁🐀 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
New%2520Smart%2520Doorbell%2520Will%2520Argue%2520With%2520Jehovah%2527s%2520Witnesses,%2520LDS%2520Missionaries%2520For%2520You 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
News from the world of scary guns. 
You know Mitch McConnell’s in the right when Democrats cry “cover-up”, SNL comedy skits place him in hell, and lame hashtags start trending on social platforms. @WJMcgurn nails it in this week’s Main Street: 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects (@richardrubindc / Wall Street Journal) 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message That He Is Trying To Win 2020 Election 
Satire Tweet #3 "Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden" 
United Airlines became the first U.S. carrier to cancel flights to China, suspending 24 flights starting Feb. 1. via 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Government Cuomo is working with New York state lawmakers to regulate and tax recreational marijuana. Lawmakers are optimistic that they will be able to come to an agreement in the coming months. 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma's Fur Coat: Wall Street Journal 
CIOs Look to Boost Tech Teams’ Diversity 
: 7a5971be-f36a-4345-8b27-a89e22646134 
"Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not" 
“At publishing time, Paul had decided he would try democratic stepping on a rake, where his friends all vote on whether he steps on the rake, and then he steps on it and smacks his face.” 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
Wall Street Journal Reporting that McConnell does not have the votes...yet. Still plenty of time for the Rs to do the wrong thing. 
They still gotta worry about their head on a pike😡 
so true yet this is a parody site. 'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Nationwide injunctions are threatening our democratic system and undermining the rule of law, writes U.S. Attorney General William P. Barr via 
This would be hilarious as an article. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus - 
@eevanoff @LouiseTash @ASavageNation Agreed, but Mike Savage didn't say illegal. He just said immigrants. Even if he meant illegal, the ruling doesn't mention illegal. 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
markets: The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game 
Bolton Concerns About Giuliani in Ukraine, National security adviser John Bolton warned U.S. diplomats in June that Rudy Giuliani, President Trump’s personal attorney, could pose an obstacle to improving the White House’s relations with Ukraine, 10/2019 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion via 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
"There is no OkCupid for people who need a work mate rather than a life mate, so it takes a little creativity and legwork to find a co-working buddy." ––Alexandra Samuel on how she found a work "spouse" while working solo. @wsj 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Strong results from United Technologies’ core aerospace business only highlight unanswered questions about its merger with defense company Raytheon. 
Archaeologists Discover AR-15 Cain Used To Kill Abel 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@realDonaldTrump Houston, we have a problem: 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary Lol!!! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@LeslieDRush @emptynestman @stephanjhahn But the desire for one authority is what’s caused all the bloodshed: 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
And THERE IT IS! 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election." 
@EytelD @kathy_markovich @ImpeachTheNazi It's a parody site: 
@dbongino He is also compromised. This from 2007 Glenn Simpson on Manafort 
@jdb240 @RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump Dude, that is from a satire site. 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  via 
Hey @Cnn, @Snopes and @PolitiFact can you fact check this for me? 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
Jailed drug-company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the FTC and the New York attorney general allege in a new lawsuit. 
More here from @lindsaywise @siobhanehughes: 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. vía 
When pet damage is significant, a home could appraise at 2% to 5% less, said one home appraiser we spoke to. via 
Is this the Birkin bag of lipstick? 
Some brides are increasingly opting for styles likelier to be found on a fashion week runway than in a bridal salon. They often wear multiple looks throughout their wedding weekends instead of that one picture-perfect gown.  
@naval @davidiach It's already happening. Elevation has a statistically significant effect on Miami real estate appreciation: and the pop sci version here: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Sure. "Almost all human traits are partly heritable". First, soc. sciences must only replace its social determinism (Say, habitus) for a biological one (say gens). Then, eugenics. The dreams of Galton and Pearson via Dr. Mengele coming true on a Jan. 27th 
Is­raeli Prime Min­is­ter Ben­jamin #Ne­tanyahu has pledged that Is­rael will an­nex much of the Jor­dan Val­ley—a por­tion of the #WestBank bor­der­ing the coun­try of Jor­dan—in ef­fect #en­cir­cling any po­ten­tial fu­ture #Pales­tin­ian state. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Ghosn and Fairness in Japan’s Legal System 
(Israel Intel Inside Corp is loosing their dominance to Taiwan and AMD TSMC Corp Intel War Chrono Beer Virus) Intel warned Chinese companies of chip flaws before U.S. government 
Turns out perhaps Bob Simpson does not turn everything to gold. 
As #BigTobacco aggressively markets to recruit replacement smokers, we're thrilled to see schools stand up to #keeplungsloud. #mnleg, it's time to pass a comprehensive #Tobacco21 policy to protect our youth! 🚭⚖️ 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
I appreciate the Wall Street Journal's Billie Eilish explainer 
Since we ran this story last week, I've heard from a handful of other pastors who also said they were fired after their churches found out they had mental health conditions. One was let go just last month. This issue is common. 
Portuguese Banker Named in Angola Fraud Case Is Found Dead: 
Oh is that what banging a porn star is called ? Sharing the gospel huh?😂😂 
He was certainly sharing something with her. Let's just say he deposited more than money into her account. 
⁦@POTUS⁩* did say he’d run the country like he ran his businesses. 🤷🏾‍♀️ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is the biggest political mistake this country has ever made. And we are going to pay for it. #NationalDebt #ButHerEmails #ElectionsHaveConsequences 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election has some catching up to do… 
Companies That Make or Own Flight Simulators Are The Unlikely Winners From Boing’s 737 MAX Debacle: #Aviation #Aircraft #MCAS 
Double sinks in the master bath: Ask yourself, how many times have you and your mate used them at the same time? Our columnist investigates. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
@realDonaldTrump Approves!!!! 
Climate Change Is Affordable - 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to and from mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread. #coronavirus #BritishAirways #JohnDalyNews 
: bd754097-5a06-4808-9cfb-d5064888431f 
Shifts in pharmaceutical lot size and channel are impacting the grocery industry... via 
So, tell us, @StormyDaniels, was Trump sharing anything but a tiny dick and a small amount of semen with you? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
Conservatism is the new counterculture 
Breaking News: $MTCH Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down. 
"Cisco is thinking outside the box—its own, to be exact." 
Trump, confident Maduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions. In turn, US reluctance to impose sanctions on Russian enterprises and others kept Venezuela’s oil and gold flowing to buyers. 
@erb_kay @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
@SalfordUni_PCH '1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
3M Co. said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort. The company, which employs 96,000 people, said the cuts would save it $110M-$120M a year. 
the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said. It's not a game, it's our foreign policy,&amp; #trump's abuse of same. #consentofthegoverned #WitnessesAndDocuments #seventyfivepercent 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
For the love of God say it ain't so ! 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Shame on you GOP No loyalty You think Dems R going 2 help you 
'I will swim to the bottom of the Pacific and use a golden key inscribed with runes to unlock his lair, where he has slumbered since the destructive Clean Water Rule of 2015. This shape-shifting monster will once more be unleashed upon U.S. waters.' 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch. Sen. Loeffler says Romney just "wants to appease the left." 's @LindsayWise reports via 
Carlson warned that the gun was probably racist and sexist and that he wouldn’t be surprised if it was also rude to women. 
First the #NewYorkTimes makes a double endorsement and now @UNITEHERE11 does the same. Is there anyone on the left with the balls to make a real choice? 
I guess the cover up has run into some problems. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
CommieCRats will probably claim the gun is probably racist and sexist and will reduce the percentage of taxes everyone has to pay. Bullet Point #1: They are fearful the gun will... 
Rare Photo Surfaces Of Trudeau Not In Blackface 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
'TRUMP WAS MERELY SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH THAT PORN STAR,' EXPLAINS JIM BAKKER “It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously &amp; while their child was only months old,” a solemn Bakker 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Democrat Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election. Can you believe Stiff said this?? 
Global Stocks Follow Wall Street Lower as Fed Signals Independence 
We talked to actress Rose Byrne about some of her favorite things: "In the back, my parents’ wedding photo breaks my heart. My mom was 23 and my dad was 25. I love their goofiness." 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
3M to lay off 1,500 as it copes with struggling industrial economy. via 
Things went really south when Bob insisted on anointing his fellow worshipers with Preparation H. 
China’s Huawei allowed to build parts of #UK’s next-generation #5G network, despite #cybersec concerns raised by US, rpts: 
@rossyg92 Phillip Morris 
Officials have said Israelis and Palestinians won’t be forced to leave their homes as *Israel expands its borders*. 
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via 
markets: If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would 
#Innovation and #NationalSecurity in the 21st Century Chalk up the #US as another incumbent in danger of #digitaldisruption, partly due to decreased #federal #RnD funding and #China’s #tech advances. #security #cyber #IT 
Pretty much where we’re at. 
Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom 
Simple solution. 👍 "I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.” 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Man Suddenly Realizes He Was Duped By Commercial’s Romanticized Vision Of Canned Beans 
@BryanSteil @Mike_Pence Did you explain how truly important Culver’s is in Wisconsin politics? 
@DerfBackderf agree in theory but then... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
To see more unmatched reporting, visit 
It’s long past time to tackle Asia’s wild-animal markets, for the sake of the species being drained from habitats around the globe, and for our own. #ChinaVirus #WetMarkets #WuhanCoronavirus #Wildlifetrafficking #Wildlife #Asia #China 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
A true “mask off” moment—It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
So that is why Trump kept yelling, "Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Jesus Christ.. I'm coming!" 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
It's funny how Dems brag about getting crossover support, but when Sanders does it they're all up in arms 
Update: #Democrat'ic Congressman #SethMoulton who ended his own short-lived presidential campaign last August, formally endorsed #JoeBiden's 2020 White House bid 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses, ⁦⁩ 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish goo goo g'joob 
YES!!!! WE'LL VOTE 
@BennyBludworth @jose__carbajal_ @malavemark @strathglass7982 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Maybe we will be hearing from Bolton afterall... Time to pucker up sport. 
📌#NATO Aims to Add Personnel to #Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting #ISIS 
@laurenmoxley @ginsburgtapes For another perspective, see: 
With #Brexit and uncertain future trade-relationships between the UK and its partners ahead, @stevenmnuchin1 announced in London after #wef20 that he sees a UK-US trade agreement to be signed in 2020 already. #trade #davos 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book To Killing Iranians 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Can somebody medicate Jim? What in the testifying is gone on here😕 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
U.S. National #Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - CONGRATULATIONS #GOP #TRUMP ⁦@RandPaul⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦@SenJohnThune⁩ ⁦@ChuckGrassley⁩ ⁦@SenCoryGardner⁩ ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ ⁦@MarshaBlackburn⁩ 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight #WhatDoYouThink? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 😂😂😂 
DC Democrats...the most un American politicians I've ever witnessed subverting an American Presidency. 
This is what they wanted 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@KyleKulinski @greg06897 Link for the article 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Sometimes the truth is satire. 
More background: 
"Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview" BTS 
@GHOSTRIDERNOMAD Perhaps you should read his sworn testimony closely. You know, as in under oath! Something your precious Trump won't allow any of his staff to do! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | The Gospel According To Raw Dog. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
When you lie to yourself and embody entitlement, you naturally resort to totalitarian approaches. @gtconway3d @tribelaw #Facts #ImpeachmentHoax 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' #MAGA #TRUMP 
The newly published diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, starts where the diary of Anne Frank stopped, according to the curator of a new exhibition in Berlin 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
"C'mon. You want to find out what I'm made of? This is your big chance! Take a seat at the table, big boy! I'm servin' it up hot! C'mon! Step up to the plate, buddy!" 
Injecting a little humor! 
This is still one of my favorite ⁦⁩ posts - featuring Kobe 
The BEE trolls and completely owned CNN.... 
"Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial." McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Seems naive for the UK Gov’t to allow Huawei to work on “non-critical” infrastructure. A bit of an oxymoron when talking about wireless build outs. I think this is a bad decision that they’ll live to regret. 
Like, I'm sure this was fine, for instance 
"We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like." ... Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election (Satire) 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
😂MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via @Annaisaac 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Update: #Democrat'ic Congressman #SethMoulton who ended his own short-lived presidential campaign last August, formally endorsed #JoeBiden's 2020 White House bid 
Joni Ernst gets some coverage 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Local Man Declares Self Tax-Exempt As Temple Of The Holy Spirit 
Satire but.... AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
markets: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. 
Incestuous #Vindman 
These are pure Communists. Comrade Warren is proving that the State shall investigate Political Opponents UNTIL they ‘find’ a ‘crime.’ It is a form of Tyranny. #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #KAG2020 
⁦@senrobportman⁩ - you were adamant that the aide get released; now be adamant about truth and accountability McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Israel's Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
Televangelist Jim Bakker said that he had “confirmed that Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ.” Spreading political lies should revoke his tax exemptions. 
New, deadlier AR-16 introduced—an AR-15 wearing a MAGA hat BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
@JWalkerLoveSTEM @JoeBiden The honest answer would not be voting for #QuidProQuoJoe 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
The coronavirus outbreak in China is prompting worries about the impact on the global auto industry, which has established a major manufacturing footprint in and around Wuhan 
Very interesting, helpful article fm on #Coronavirus. It is less deadly than SARS, has not mutated, is likely contagious before symptomatic +attacks the lower respiratory system making it particularly tough for old+immune compromised. Much good info. 
“Prosecutorial misconduct is a reality that our clients and our attorneys confront on a regular basis. There must be an independent body to hold prosecutors accountable when they break the law or act in bad faith,” - ⁦@TMLuongo⁩. 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' CRAZY 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@emuirhead @JasonSCampbell @chrislhayes This literally is from the . 
The Democrats are so dumb. They’re about to shoot down their own candidate. Bring on Hunter and Joe. What’s the next move President Trump is gonna make the Democrats do on his behalf? 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
When calls out your transparent smear attempts, you know you've made the big leagues. 
the answer is only yes if you own the plane, right? 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway - 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela via 
Sen. Mur­phy (D.), “I worry that we are ask­ing the Ukraini­ans to make eco­nomic re­forms in the mid­dle of an in­va­sion that are sim­ply un­re­al­is­tic given the very fact that the Rus­sians are oc­cu­py­ing ter­ri­tory and at­tack­ing the front lines. 
Local government are thinking about charging a fee for getting a tax abatement. The fee would be a % of the incentive and would fund the economic development agency. What could go wrong? New Jersey, take it from here. 
@Jim_Bakker is that what you were doing with Jessica Hahn? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
“Premature scaling in capital intensive industries is insane,” said some wise soul. 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth.#CRE 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Today, @realDonaldTrump will release his Middle East peace plan. I look forward to reviewing it, and I commend the president for working on a path toward peace in a region of the world with a long history of conflict. 
: After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@cspanwj #QAnon #WeAreTheNewsNow Bernie Sanders Promises Crowd He Will Lock Trump Up And Also Millions Of Others Once The Gulags Are Up And Running🙄 
Obviously vitally important to engage community stakeholders in complex and divisive policy implementations like this, but this panel is missing a mandatory seat for an expert technologist. Equally important for the success of the project. 
Schiff is out of his mind. Correct, we the people will elect the President not you Socialist Democrats. 
@AlecGaffney @steveusdin1 @DrugChannels The @drugchannels ref to 'not throwing in the towel' alludes to proposal that biologics should be price regulated after exclusivity because the 'market' will not get to marginal cost. Rationale/approach here: and 
Opinion: NSA's John Bolton on Global Dictators, Trump and the Media 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Beijing takes steps to shape narrative after negative comments over government’s response to deadly outbreak keep circulating on social media 
hahahahahaha Man Beginning To Worry That Best Meals Already Behind Him 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #TornadoTrump 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling. 
ABC News Reports Trump Nuked Entire World, Later Clarifies He Just Microwaved A Burrito 
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California #BlackmarketVapes #Cannabis #LegalCannabis #Marijuana #MedicalMarijuana #California via 
Maker of Hit Podcast ‘Serial’ Explores Sale 
#WR: We cannot make speculations until the Bolton's testimony... via 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns #MAGA #TRUMP 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. 
😂😂😂 Satirically funny! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
@chipmeahan @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
A fascinating new case in the U.S. Justice Department's investigation into Chinese espionage at U.S. universities: @Harvard's chemistry chairman, a pioneer in nanotechnology, is charged with lying about Chinese government funding. via 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
O @lcoutinho , vc acha que o @padilhando vai ler desta vez? : Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
😳🤯 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale 
@seanhannity No. If tRump is removed then Pence should be too. #PresidentPelosi 
Yes, Trump wanted to share the Gospel with Stormy, Jim. He wanted her to say "Sweet Jesus," alright... 
Always knew Bakker was dropped on his head as a child (probably repeatedly), but this is a whole new aspect of his dementia. 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor. But not just any chocolate milk, @BYU Creamery chocolate milk. I admit, I'm also recovering BYU Creamery chocolate milk addict. #StandwithMitt #DrinkwithMitt #ChocolateMitt 
China: With criticism of the government spreading on social media, Mr. Xi has repeatedly instructed authorities to “strengthen the guidance of public opinions”—language seen as a call for censorship in Communist Party-speak. 
: Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
WTF ? ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
This generation of NBA players always wanted to be Kobe Bryant. He was their Michael Jordan. 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
“The U.S. lifted sanctions on Myanmar ... in October 2016. But individuals or entities can still be found to have violated the sanctions i... 
@Vandalay_Inc We are done ..Just for now! One more thing read and learn and stop history fraud 
A great look inside what it takes to run a high road firm... 80% of Nehemiah's workforce includes ex-convicts, and if you think it's a feel good, publicity stunt, think again — the company's annual turnover is only 15%, well below the national average. 
@jps6350 @kathy_markovich @wiredowl It's a parody site: 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Is this you Nathan??? 😂 #EqualRights haha 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Nothing I say of this tragedy is new or original. But it's given me comfort to share others' words. Maybe it can help someone else too. #MambaForever #KobeFarewell #824 
“Elite fragmentation collapses states; social movements don’t." 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
The tide is turning. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | This is quite entertaining. But also disturbing because some trump supporters buy this stuff. Crazy! 😜 #trump 
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them 
Extreme Vegan Has All Meat Removed From Body | 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Whoa: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up wildlife trade and public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat #AnimalRights 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Imagine life without ⁦⁩. 
And there you have it #maga #schiffshow Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
With minority government, Trudeau will have to resort to deal-making to pass USMCA and ensure its enforcement. @wsj 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
I read this dumb as hell point-counterpoint in the ‘90s and still think about it every time I see, use, or think about humidifiers. 
Deputy White House counsel Pat Philbin on the Senate floor: “How are we supposed to get the proof of what’s inside the president’s head?” 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 🐝🐝🐝 
Socialist steps on another rake insisting that 79 Previous Attempts weren't REAL stepping on a rake 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Scientists: Climate Change Killed Us Years Ago And The Trump Presidency Is Some Sort Of 'Lost' Final Season Situation | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Oh for fuck sake! Now I’ve heard it all from these Bible-addled fake Christians. 🦇💩🤪 ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
Don't you think, @kenthomas you could have done better with this report by pointing out the facts surround Joe Biden's involvement. Reporters like you are the problem. We need Reporters not parrots. Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker @StormyDaniels is that how you remember it? 
(GASP!) 😲 Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Babylon Bee nails the double inversion. Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
@willmenaker How do they keep doing it? 
Meadows Accuses Democrats of Orchestrating Bolton Book Leak via 
@lemieuxdavid @lucky_budd Doctors across the U.S. are bracing for an epidemic of knife-related injuries on Super Bowl Sunday. The cause? Amateur guacamole makers accidentally stabbing, cutting and slicing their hands. #AvocadoHand 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
: 81737753-844d-4fa9-b25b-18368ae66322 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN LOL! But honestly, CNN does great satire...b/c they never report real news. 
'Glory Cloud' Turns Out To Be Dangerous Gas Leak | 
Real good work ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Pompeo, noted by . 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣 "We even have good reason to suspect that pretty much anyone anywhere is currently in the process of developing a nucleararsenal.”  
“When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with." 
Tip of the China - university collusion iceberg. The Varsity Blues admissions scandal is benign compared to this. 
@StormyDaniels Ms. Daniels this outright liar now claims trump tried to save Your Soul, just wanting to give You a heads up My Dear. 
of the demoncrat party 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ 
My co-worker had her Catalytic Converter Stolen for the Palladium within it. This is insane!! So they just fucked up her car just for metal. She was driving to work and she heard scraping and when she got to work she noticed her muffler was dragging. 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid vía 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Who knew Seth Dillon had a BuNN in the oven? @AXECOP @The_Kyle_Mann 
Iran's Leaders Work to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests 
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin 
Somehow I missed that FCA is paying protection money to Tesla in the EU. From @EricSylvers via autos 
Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Workforce 
The awkward heirloom. 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES... 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
The way things are these days, I figure I can "self-identify" as someone who doesn't have to pay any local, state and federal taxes and the government will have to honor my claim. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
» Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
@KassyDillon @MattWalshBlog &amp; @benshapiro @ElishaKrauss 😂🤣 &lt;cough, cough&gt; 
How can we use digital technologies to make humans feel more—not less—connected? Read more on taking a more human approach here: 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment #reality #satire 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
Hahaha - this is spot on 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
U.S.--The increasingly secular nation has replaced its outdated religious ideas with more advanced, enlightened ideas, like telling you what behavior is immoral and predicting when the world is going to end. 
John Bolton, the former Trump national-security adviser, has unsettled his own Republican friends, who must decide whether he will play a potentially crucial role in the impeachment trial of President Trump by providing testimony 
What makes this parody post from the Babylon Bee so funny is that this is essentially Schiff’s central argument. “Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election” | 
Oh thank goodness. That makes TOTAL sense now. Hail Trump! 
Trump is set to un­veil his vi­sion of peace in the Mid­dle East, pre­sent­ing a plan at the White House with Is­rael’s prime min­is­ter at his side but with­out the Pales­tini­ans in at­ten­dance. 
Cat Dead Set On Finding Way Into Mirror 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
@joelockhart Using the 'Satire' defense is a tired, overused exercise. You're not the but supposedly a trusted 'news source.' I'll get my satire from comedic writers thank you. 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Oil, Copper Drop on Coronavirus Fears @davidhodari 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump is a satire website. Please verify before spreading misinformation. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Impressed Military Drops Portland Antifa In Hostile ISIS Territory To Continue Doling Out Justice 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
This is so true! - A great illustration of how estate dispositive plans change over time! @Pfwright The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat - 
These are the facts:👇😂🤣 
Breaking: China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. #Hauwei #5G #UK 
@cnni #FakeNews Bolton is trying to sell a book. Perhaps you should check with your sister network: 
What...??!?!!??! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Staffers Beg #RacistRalph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
The Left &amp; #fakenews are pulling the same BS they pulled during the Brett Kavanaugh hearings! And guess what!? These lame ass RINO's are allowing it to happen, AGAIN! If they acquiesce to the Socialists &amp; allow witnesses holy hell will follow, bank on it! 
@Text88022 @shayken13 @SpeakerPelosi How have Jared &amp; Ivanka benefitted from Trump’s presidency? What about Trump’s businesses? Trump chose not to divest or release his tax returns so how can we be certain he isn’t profiting off his presidency. There are potentially 500+ conflicts of interest 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
"More employers see financial benefits in leveling the playing field for working mothers." via #workmom 
Satire Tweet #3 () "CNN Moderator Challenges Sanders’ Support For Women By Asking Him To Name Every Part Of Female Reproductive System" 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters 
@AmadahyD @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
From Discover on Google 
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@outofmemind @Tom_Winter Besides being Joe Biden's son, what qualifications does Hunter have for banking OR oil? He speaks neither Chinese or Ukrainian. 
About right! 😂😂😂😂 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Deadly infection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening consumer spending and the country’s economy 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane? 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set ( paywall) $AAPL 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
Ouch. 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017 via 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
⁦@marcorubio⁩ Your support for Putin-loving Trump is hurting Venezuela. 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally When the world won't cooperate with your ideology... ... Prayer is the only answer. 
: Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Are You Paying Down Experience Debt? - CMO Today. - 
Psyched to see @nytimestravel balancing out the editorial page by endorsing @DevalPatrick for president @amyvirshup @Lyrichnyc @reddicliffenyt 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
No one knows what an electable candidate looks like but Everyone knows with certainty what unelectable looks like. 
@spkerr333 @UnimpressedTX @RichLowry Some call this “juicing” the economy. 
While Lemon dissed voters not sharing marxist views, panel of geese went into fits of honking, cackles &amp; belly-laughs. Lemon could barely get a word out w/o going into another episode of laughs. Later, Lemon &amp; geese went out for lattes &amp; studied geography 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses... 
The new series features appearances from several Star Trek alumni, gendered by their birth sex, rather than selecting from the 452 other equally valid... 
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses via 
Hopefully they will be quarantined for two weeks when they arrive in California. It will be extremely stupid not to do so. 
Legal experts warm of possible anti-trust issues. 
"It's something you can't see, but it really can rapidly change people's behavior." Gripping podcast about the day Wuhan was locked down to stop the #CoronaOutbreak spreading, feat. @ByShanLi @stefaniei 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Big developments in the Senate impeachment trial: : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Hollywood Working On Official List Of Comedians It's OK To Laugh At 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in Pres. Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges that the president abused power and obstructed Congress. 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
markets: The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Quench Bio to Tackle Inflammatory Diseases With $50 Million #biotech #startups via VC 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Who doesn't LOVE the Babylon Bee and their stinging satire?! Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@MythSerene This one goes into more detail and ties the witness vote to the acquittal vote 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
» Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via The real enemy! 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Top story: The Tax Increases to Come - see more 
Best excuse ever .. wonder how many wifes would accept it ? " 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,'" Explains Jim Bakker 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
"Classic Crown Prince," Bezos said afterward. "He's always so attentive and interested in the details of my personal life and financial records. He's probably gonna throw me a surprise party or something. You never know with a crazy cat like Mohammad!" 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Market Decline Threatens Predictions for Calm Earnings Season - The Wall Street Journal #marketing #reviews 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
@s8n I want to go to The 666 it sounds like a blast! 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Not enough #AI talent? Companies that re-skill workers see much bigger impact from AI efforts than those that don't. 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores #Warehouse #logistics #realestate 
@MarriedFitz86 Hard pass on Breitbart. Sorry but that’s not a trusted site for me. You might as well send me articles from 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
PepsiCo Moves to 100% Renewable Electricity in U.S. 
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
I’ve been hoping that once 1, 2, 3 or more Senators stood for right instead of fearing public condemnation from the bully in the WH, more would find the strength to follow. Hope this is true. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
▶️ Video: TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
😂😂😂. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Miss Congeniality offers Grumpy Socialist advice on Getting Along with Others 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever #MAGA #TRUMP 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early: 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
#Earthquakes, #CoronaViruses, and finally, A rainbow!!!!! 
#recession ... China #Banks #Bubble edition A #Financial #Contagion shockwave may emanate from China faster than the #coronavirus... As a reminder, the Spanish Flu triggered a #global #macroeconomic #depression in which US #GDP per capita crashed by 12%! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@ArishaInTokyo Horrible, horrible story. 
UpLink Platform Unites Changemakers Worldwide 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand Over Next Two Years 
🤣@MZHemingway: In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Susan Mailer reflects on her relationship with her volatile father, who introduced his daughter to cocktail parties and celebrities. via 
@celiadpoon joins us in a time of high growth and is ready to be hands-on! Read more in this article: #techcompanies #leadershipteam #siliconvalley business # 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
“ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.” 
Looking forward to @brianstelter videos on ! 
Speaking at a news conference while wearing a surgical mask, Carrie Lam said Hong Kong would shut two railways that connect to the mainland, as well as reduce cross-border tour buses, ferries and flights to and from China, @srussolillo @joyuwang report: 
U.S. drugmakers AbbVie and Johnson &amp; Johnson are shipping drugs approved to treat HIV to Chinese health authorities to see whether they might help contain coronavirus. @JaredSHopkins 
@SenSchumer You may have all ready seen this but in case you haven't "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #ArtificialIntelligence #AI #ML via 
Whatever we can do to unite the people. Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
MLB To Speed Up Games By Replacing Umpires With Bears | 
Letters:Solve Exemption Problem By Ending #Tariffs—Instead of buying dumped slabs in partnership with #China,make them here &amp; hire more American workers &amp; invest in America &amp; r national security. U r not entitled 2 dumped slabs 4 your success-#MakeItHere 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@marcushjohnson From 2016. 
Iran's Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, US Pressure - #GoogleAlerts 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Breaking News: GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
I don't claim to be a deficit hawk, but having 1 trillion plus deficits for over a decade and debt equal to 98% of GDP is way overboard. via 
Very curious what #AcademicChatter and #TherapistsConnect think of this potential claim. Certainly the interplay between genetic and epigenetic influence is complicated but will a polygenic score establish immutable parameters in treatment? I’m not sure. 
@GavinNewsom just halted criminal executions. Yet executing the unborn “illegally” residing in Sanctuary State wombs continues. Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan 
@JoanieTX @Faith18Shields @tommarcus @MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump @wef Beau Biden's relationship to China was to get investment capital for a group that he was working for here in the United States. This money did not go to him. It was for the firm he represented. 
The problem with this is that you are a fake Christian like those fake Christians that follow you. In fact lets put it all our there, you are a fake man. Pretty much you are fake everything. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Romney and Collins, holding hands together like usual. They should consider getting on the Democratic ballot in November. Since they are not true Republicans. They do not know who they are. $$money$$, only. 
ha, this one really got me. 
Interesting @RepAdamSchiff is already telling us what they are going to do next with our voting wake up America. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Private-equity-owned gastrobar Bar Louie has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after closing 38 restaurants and arranging to sell its remaining locations to the chain’s lenders. 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Babylon Bee is regularly hilarious. “Warren claims Bernie also told her that he hates puppies, beer, Dolly Parton, and that on the day he became president he would outlaw french fries. "He told me, people who eat french fries are vermin," she told... 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Will no academic resit the temptation of suckling on the teat of the dictatorship? 
@DanDee1948 @justicedems Unfortunately, we seem to agree on one thing there. 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row..#MSM..#BernieSanders..# 
"The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter [ ... Beijing]" 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
: Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Well, here’s the story Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@robinhanson Not just the left: 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal workfromhomeonline entrepreneurs onlineincome 
Biographer @ScottEyman1 on the legendary salon of emigré Austrian screenwriter Salka Viertel: ‘The Sun and Her Stars’ Review: Weimar in Hollywood 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Sounds legit. 
@MisterAntiBully Oh boy! 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
20 years ago this week from : Bush Reaches Out To Hispanic Community With Generous Tip 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China (Wall Street Journal) 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. 
We need a President who stands with workers against rapacious corporate greed &amp; relentlessly encourages workers to join the UNION! That is why⁦ ⁦@UNITEHERE11⁩ endorses Warren &amp; Sanders Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
When money wins versus doing that right thing. Disappointing. Why would you allow the fox to even stay right outside the hen house?? #brexit #Huawei ⁦@BorisJohnson⁩ 
J&amp;J didn't want its CEO to testify. A judge ordered him to take the stand. 
Next time @realDonaldTrump brags about the economy... You don't need a degree to know an economy built on massive debt WILL collapse. 
That explains it. Well Jim Bakker does know a little about sharing the gospel with a porn store. 😆 
My dad immigrated to the US as a kid, started working before he turned 10 &amp; went from entry level underwriter to ins. co. President/CIO. VC deals aren't my usual Twitter fodder. But my father shows why we should embrace/support immigrants #VentureCapital 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Trump paid Ms Daniels $130,000 under the table using a shell company, without declaring it to the authorities as required by campaign finance laws, and then lied about it repeatedly until he was listed as Unindicted Co-Conspirator #1, to share the Gospel? 
Tech Giants' New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
@allantercalivre Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency 
Man, ! That's dark! But true. Authorities Horrified At Woman Who Killed Baby With Meth Instead Of Traditional Brain-Sucking Device 
Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her. 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I’d love to see data looking at overlap between those who suffer ‘avacado hand’ and those burned on Thanksgiving by trying to deep fry turkeys. I’d guess a strong correlation. Or maybe I’m just overly cautious. 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
California Regulators a Potential Obstacle to T-Mobile, Sprint Merger - #MONETCAPITALFUNDING 
The head of the WHO praised China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak, as the U.S. raised its travel alert for China to its second-highest level and as other governments reduced exposure to travelers from China. @StephanieAYang 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Cellphones and students, it is a problem when they come together, but more trouble when you separate them; 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
It’s shrunk. Getting bigger though. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
The WHO said Tuesday that it had identified three new infection cases outside China without the onset of any symptoms. Another 14 had developed symptoms after leaving China. One involved a human-to-human transmission among family members in Vietnam. 
Beauty Industry Exec Keeps Photo Of Crying 15-Year-Old Girl On Desk To Remind Himself Why He Does This 
@danielnorwick @Morning_Joe @MSNBC It doesn’t add much to what we know about the president, but it does put Senate Republicans on the spot, writes ⁦⁩. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
markets: Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to restore the veil opened amid protests and U.S. pressure 
Apple made a record $22 billion last quarter. 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
This reminded me of a running joke around the world about how Lieber's lab solely consists of Chinese students and post-docs :D Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Got #BYUCreamery chocolate milk? 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
: 4b5d73bf-7490-43b5-b70b-a8a8d5d09689 
"Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not" on the new boss. 
Catch up with Digant Shah at CMO Network Editor's Dinner and discuss how you can create an immersive #CustomerExperience for the #DigitalCustomer! #UnlockTheNxt in #CX - 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread via 
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting via Meanwhile Elizabeth Warren wants to scrap #ElectoralCollege which would end up ignoring fly over states! 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Yet again, the "Babylon Bee" shows why it's become America's foremost source of "journalism". Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@BitchPatYoWeave I dunno...Kobe didn't have Jesus' "Ascension Dunk". 
Finally cracking down? Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers by charging fractions of a cent for each call they connect. via #robocalls 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Make-A-Wish Foundation Grants Terminally Ill Child Chance To View Mueller Report Before She Passes | 
Fakes in the Warehouse; Micro Logistics Strategies; Apple’s Supplier Tactics: Today’s Top Supply Chain &amp; Logistics News via 
Private-equity firm Platinum Equity wants to recruit CBS chief Joe Ianniello to front its bid to acquire Univision via 
New York Court Rules Prosecutorial Misconduct Commission Unconstitutional - The Wall Street Journal 
This is golden!! 🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂 @AdamSchiff you’re a joke 
This is a satire post. But I think the Democrats have never been more sure that they are going to lose the next election. They believed Hillary would beat Trump easily. Since they... 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
@RepAdamSchiff HERE THE CORRUPTION - 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China 
This is more relevant than ever. #ProtectTulsi #ClintonBodyCount 
omg, Volaris is above its 2013 $12 IPO price! $VLRS 
Master criminal, Trump and his friend Benjamin Netanyahu, also a master criminal, have a piece plan. The plan, TAKE LAND. Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
ROTFL!!! New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
你鹦 先行一步British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
I just couldn’t resist this one! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Emergency Evacuation Of Americans Begins From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City. Is it a good idea to fly 230 people from the middle of a #coronarvirus #pandemic to the middle of #california How could this possibly go wrong? 
After%20Senseless%20Murder%20Of%20Goliath,%20Philistines%20Call%20For%20Ban%20On%20Fully%20Automatic,%20High-Capacity%20Slings 
@Reuters GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@eugene_kingi @no1listened @newheart4sandy @Mrtimrock @realDonaldTrump This might help you eugene 😉 
⁦@GOP⁩ thanks for largest deficits EVER and most corrupt @potus EVER!!! ⁦@GOPrepublicans⁩ ⁦@HouseGOP⁩ @fox&amp;friends ⁦@foxnewsalert⁩ ⁦@foxnewstalk⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@nytimes⁩ ⁦⁦@dcexaminer⁩ ⁦@washingtonpost⁩ 
Again!!?!! Oh, maaan. 
: 3M Cuts More Jobs Amid U.S. Manufacturing Slump via 
Parenting Isn’t Over When Kids Grow Up ~ 
@gregderego First reported here! 
Weighing 5G security, some European countries are making a technical distinction between core and noncore parts of the networks 
#Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | #Satire 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists #art #humor 
Rep. Seth Moulton has endorsed Joe Biden for the Democratic Party’s nomination for president, citing what he said was the former V.P.’s ability to build a coalition within the party and proven foreign-policy credentials. via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
“If, as planned, AKK succeeds Angela Merkel as chancellor, the two most powerful people in the EU will be hawkish German ex-defense ministers.” 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via 
@GaryBuh Perpetually haunted by this one: 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Matthew 7:5 
monty has shared content with you from MSN @AP @MSNBC @politico @CNN @Newsweek @nytimes @Reuters @NickRiccardi @USATODAY @TwitterNews @MariaTeresa1 @Salon 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
@cnn cements their Clown News Network title. CNN and Ignorance via 
Media companies and marketers are seeking new technology to connect with consumers. #Startup #Marketing 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
CNN and Ignorance via 
PG&amp;E Bond Prices Jump, While Shares Dip 
Anarchy Symbol Updated To Appeal To Today's Teens 
The goes full Nazi: 
GOP leaders say they don’t have enough votes to block witnesses in Trump’s Senate #impeachmenttrial, after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges that the Trump abused power and obstructed Congress. 
Harvard’s Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
.: ‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister #Grammys 
An interesting read on the Air Raid offense from . Kansas City Chiefs’ Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. 
@MyNameIsGriffon @AliceAvizandum this one? 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions. This is critical in stopping judges from overreaching in decisions and handcuffing current and future administrations. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@RepLeeZeldin @JohnCornyn Former national security adviser John Bolton wrote in a draft of his forthcoming book that Mr. Trump told him in August that he wanted to freeze aid to Ukraine until the country aided investigations into Democrats, including the Bidens. 
@brad_polumbo @dcexaminer did it first: 
Be a rebel! 😂 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Grocers offering online orders are testing automated micro-fulfillment systems that can fulfill 4000 orders per week while occupying little space (@smithjenbk / Wall Street Journal) 
It’s about time! MLB To Speed Up Games By Replacing Umpires With Bears 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via Fact is Nothing Stopped Financial Aid to Ukraine...Complete #FakeNews @CNN to Fool US Voters... 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration❗ 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
McConnell says he doesn't have the votes to block witnesses. We shall see. 
“They failed, and #Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Too soon? Just like the recurring story they run after every mass shooting? 
Iran’s leadership is not limited to Hassan Rouhani. By banning many moderates from competing in the legislative elections, the Guardian Council is trying to cement those rifts and secure a large victory. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Here you go. @BobLonsberry @fud31 @GannettAlbany @kilmeade @JesseBWatters @greggutfeld @JimmyVielkind @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @BretBaier @KennedyNation @EmilyCompagno 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat I post these because sometimes you just need a chuckle! 
* Two States * Endorsed by Arab powers * US/Arab subsidy of Palestine * Shared Jerusalem capital. * mandatory bill of rights and anti corruption laws for new state * recognition of Israel by Arab League 1/2 
@PeterTobias8 I havent heard anything about CJR; 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@RepAdamSchiff Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Breaking: Mitch McConnell doesn’t have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
» Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Damn... 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Hello World That’s what my religion is. Open your eyes. 
With social responsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from Deloitte. Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial | 
A trait’s genetic cause is gross &amp; functional anatomy, physiology, or biology - not social science (SS). SS isn’t predictive b/c it’s not undergirded by physical laws. It’s materialism, ignoring the soul/mind. IQ isn’t sensory threshold. SS is peculiar BS 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. via 
Socialist logic. 
Biden Quips That Ernst's Remark on His Standing in Iowa Was 'Pretty Subtle' 
BREAKING....Please let it be true GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
For those of you interested in combating the very hegemonic idea of the "living constitution", this is a welcome respite. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
Meadows Accuses Democrats of Orchestrating Bolton Book Leak via 
Just more evidence for my contention passengers should all be sedated, stored in tubes in cargo hold, and revived at destination. 
@ibrahimpols , 2009: "Rattner, was one of the [Obama] administration's wealthiest officials. His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million." 
Another “old”-style restaurant chain goes belly-up. 
TPG In Talks To Reduce Stake In $32 Bln Credit-Investing Arm - 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon, In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' got to read this Killary confirms arkanicide 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@RobertNWilson77 just so you know -- is a satire site 😊 
Report: GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
: Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
🤣🤣🤣 I love you, @HillaryClinton 
#ImpeachmentHearings Carry on America 🇺🇸 Carry on Life 🥰 is good The economy 💵 is good Tacos 🌮🌮 are good 
Trial Witnesses? Sen. McConnell says GOP doesn't have the votes to block them. via 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
It's not just Christians failing to have kids either. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Good! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
Joe Biden on GOP calls for his testimony: "This is all a game" 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding - HARVARD’S CHEMISTRY CHAIR... 
THEY KNOW THAT WE WILL VOTE FOR TRUMP SO THEY ARE TRYING TO REMOVE TRUMP NOW!!!! EVEN IF THEY REMOVE TRUMP, I WILL WRITE HIS NAME BACK INTO THE BALLOT! 
Our current for-profit health care system puts everyone at risk. #MedicareForAll would reduce the spread of any sickness because everyone would have the care they need, when they need it. #coronavirus 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did #satire #reality 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
"This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency” 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
LAWLLLLL 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@tits_haver Somewhat related: 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
Great piece in the @wsj on Andy Reid, one of greatest from @byu and ⁦@BYUfootball⁩ 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Scale can be a burden for incumbent auto makers, one reason investors flock to Tesla.   
In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton. 
Looks like some of the GOP are throwing DJT under the bus today. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
🙏We shall see: #GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@GroundsEyeView @SenTedCruz Ignorance and stupidity gets you the government you deserve but I hope your logic is a super minority come November 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via 
“Don’t bleed into the guacamole.” Super Bowl fans try to avoid avocado-related injuries. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Socialists Criticized As 'Math Deniers' 
After WeWork, real estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth 
@Khanoisseur Spirit makes the fuselage. Laying off almost 3000. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
The operator of casual-dining chains Village Inn and Bakers Square got the OK to start tapping a $20 million bankruptcy loan. 
Antonio Brown Proves He’s Changed Man By Breaking Into Robert Kraft’s House In Middle Of Night To Apologize 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
: 367087b6-bdc9-47b3-a740-a84d251bfd36 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
NEWS from @lindsaywise: At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it. 
markets: Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
In #Mississippi, the @USArmy Corps of Engineers can’t even deliver effective flood-control measures. #GovernmentFailure destroys value and stifles economic growth. 
Rumor has it the #ComplicitCorruptGOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses from testifying at the #ImpeachmentTrials where all senators heard details about why Mr Tiny Hands was #ImpeachedForever. 
Toomey Suggests Witness Trade at GOP Lunch via 
@vivabuck @mmdeleon02jax @bschapiroMD Kinda disappointed that nobody has posted this yet. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Users of social media have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” (冠状病毒) with “government official-shaped virus” (官状病毒)—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. @Lingling_Wei 
Today!!! (Arrested for alleged ties with China and Wuhan University of Technology) Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Jailed drug company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the Federal Trade Commission and the New York attorney general alleged. 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science - 
This is pure gold. #VotingForBernie 
SCOTUS al­lowed Trump ad­min­is­tra­tion to be­gin im­ple­ment­ing rules that make it eas­ier for the gov­. to deny limited-in­come im­mi­grants res­i­dency or ad­mis­sion to the U.S. be­cause they use pub­lic-as­sistance or might use them in the fu­ture. 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
@ImperialDemo @kubethy @HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Did you know IMF blocked loans to Ukraine because billions $$$ disappeared? 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
The Company of Second Chances @RSimon18 
@Barnes_Law At least some republican sentors still believe in their constitutional duty to deliver a fair trial. Country &gt; party 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might... 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage 
Bus Transporting Carnival Cruise Passengers Crashes Into Sewage Treatment Plant 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Hong Kong is in recession as fears of the coronavirus outbreak spreads. #cherribi 
Harvard Professor Clayton M. Christensen Turned His Life Into a Case Study Management guru advised students to focus on creating strategies for living a good life by @JamesRHagerty in via @nytdavidbrooks 
Wow ## Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Trumponomics! 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
"Later, Lemon and the geese went out for lattes and studied geography." 
A perfect Fate of Cthulhu scenario. What do you think, @EvilHatOfficial ? 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Ahhh, in the ancient scroll format. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Listen. Everybody does not need to move to Florida. I was here first. (And I should now make real estate investments before the rest of you blow it). 🤷🏽‍♀️ So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It - 
Bwahaha LUV IT #MoscowMitch whiffs it #IMPOTUS #TrumpIsCorrupt #ImpeachandRemove #ImpeachedForever #impeachmentTrial 
Federal #antitrust regulators are probing a possible deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., the bankrupt milk-processing giant, as the dairy industry realigns after decades of declining milk consumption. 
@BenevolusPF @kathy_markovich @MaryanneChisho2 It's a parody site: 
Democrats Warn That American "People" May Tamper With Next Election. #VoterID #DemocratVoterFraud 
“We don’t know how infectious it is, we don’t know how severe it is, and we don’t know how it’s spreading,” a former CDC director says of China’s coronavirus 
Grocery store pharmacies are struggling via #Rx #pharma 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
This is who NeverTrump would like us to elect. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus We can identify at least 18 common pathogens (most viral) including coronavirus w a nasopharyngeal swab; yet only two antiviral therapies(influenza and RSV in children). Huge opportunity 
Careful, friends! "the attributes of an avocado make its handling ripe for accidents." “They’re soft and then suddenly very hard + kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” said Dr. Daly, who co-authored the study. via @ailworth 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says 
It's not hawkish, it's the only one that makes sense right now: #Germany Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via 
Thank you ! ‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
But our regulator says everything is fine and no one is guilty??? Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. He should know, Jim got caught in a motel room with Jessica Hahn “sharing his gospel” 😳 
@GOP @PamBondi 1. No special experience is required to sit on the board of a US or Ukrainian company. 2. Joe Biden was anti-corruption in Ukraine. 3. Ivanka's trademarks. The Trump Org's foreign investments while Don Jr. and Eric travel around. And this: 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @jjauthor 
J&amp;J had tried to keep its CEO from testifying, arguing that Alex Gorsky had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders via 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Some Re­pub­li­cans said the ground had shifted after the Bolton revelations. “I’m not go­ing to deny it’s go­ing to change the deci­bel level and prob­a­bly the in­ten­sity at which we go about talk­ing about wit­nesses,” said ⁦@SenatorBraun⁩. 
BREAKING NEWS McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses,,,,,,yes yes yes yes yes 
Purdue has brought great Charter schools to South Bend and wants to do more. Mayor Pete....Silence. Doesn’t want to offend teachers unions. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians vía 
No words necessary @SandhillsKen @SpecOpsSpeaks 
Mitch McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Ok ex-convict boomer 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Major stock indexes closed higher Tuesday even as bonds briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. 
But he’s innocent anyway! Read the transcripts!! 😂🤣🤪 ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ continues to lose! He’s a loser in business and he’s a loser in the WH. #ImpeachedForever McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Who believes this bullshit? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Clever! Elizabeth Warren Opens Casino To Help Finance Campaign 
Iit's satire, rght? Wth #shiff, it' hard to tell. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff’s Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | @edmecka 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
The Standards of Life in ‘Elderhood’ Life expectancy increased more than 30 years in the last 100 years By Joseph Epstein – The Wall Street Journal 
Oh my god, she didn't lol. 
@Eric_Alterman I prefer the Bee :) 
Sigh. Need to get my butt off the couch. 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism | 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
BEAST.🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️ 
⁦@RadioFreeTom⁩ Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers 
“A dearth of com­peti­tors to Huawei also means the coun­try has few other op­tions.” When government allocation of resources makes your product indispensable. 
@GOP @PamBondi "A consulting firm hired by Burisma Group mentioned that former Joe Biden’s son served on the Ukrainian gas company’s board so the firm could leverage a meeting with the State Department." 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@stevemur @TeresaCMosqueda Which problem do you think other nations addressed? 
FYI: Article on @barstoolsports / @PNGamingInc, from : 
'Apocalyptic thinking has always been wrong as a forecast, and it will continue to be wrong.' Laurence B. Siegel 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can #humor #lol 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
Kobe Bryant Helicopter Didn’t Have Critical Warning System, Officials Say Chopper wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area 
Apple reported record revenue the last quarter of 2019. Its wearable, home and accessory business is showing the greatest growth. #wearables #connectedhome 
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Report: Satire Is Great, As Long As It Never Targets Any Of My Own Beliefs 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Executive Turnover Clouds Deutsche Bank's Wall Street Future 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Here are the sources: and the Census Bureau. 
A little bit of humor... 
Motorcyclist Who Identifies As Bicyclist Sets Cycling World Record 
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via A direct result of Trump’s massive tax cut for the rich and huge military spending. 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown - The Wall Street Journal 
'We'll Take Good Care Of These,' Says Mitch McConnell While Placing Impeachment Articles In Special Rectangular Filing Bin @realDonaldTrump 
Here's your annual Martin Shkreli story, from @MicahMaidenberg : The former pharma exec worked to block rivals from introducing generic forms of anti-parasite drug Daraprim, new lawsuit says 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial #BoltonMustTestify 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
With his $2.5 million buy in CA and TX, Bernie Sanders becomes the first non-billionaire to spend big on TV in any Super Tuesday state. 
Ok now...  “He was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them, so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life and how He could also save her from her sins.” 
Poll Shows Increasing Number Of Voters Blame Founding Fathers For Starting America&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; 
@LindseyGrahamSC Stooge. 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups! #MusicMonday 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 😂 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally @KurtSchlichter @CamEdwards 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
I have some questions. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - “Israelis will say ‘yes’ or ‘yes, but,’” Mr. Miller said. “Key Arab states will probably say ‘maybe’ in order to stay on the right side of Donald Trump. Palestinians will say ‘hell no.’ ” 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
#Democrats’ War on #Fracking Will Cost Them in Battleground States - 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
CNN and Ignorance 
“Guns are scary enough,” said being-scared-by-guns expert Noah Carlson, “but knowing a gun is a supporter of Donald Trump makes it even more terrifying." 😂😂😂 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
NEW per : @senatemajldr does not have the votes to block witnesses 
Tough but fair. 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
I know they'd deny it, but I bet they were secretly hoping... 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades| the Kushner/trump plan favors Netyanahoo? Nooo, say it ain’t so! 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🤗. #McConnell #Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments. 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus - 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
“The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. “ 
Behind closed doors, Tillis has dropped all pretenses &amp; admitted he's only approaching this trial as to how it'll best help him politically. Not just that but he's now "warning" his colleagues to go along with a cover up to save his skin #ncsen #ncpol 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Your Daily Bee- The "perfect" phone call 
U.S. Companies Fuel Europe’s Green-Energy Push #MSFTAdvocate 
SCOOP from @SuzanneKapner: New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Why Some #AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
Keep calling your Senators! Demand witnesses! #GOPCoverup GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
they keep getting better! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@DianaLogue2 It sounds like it, and like he won't be alone. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors. #newsflash 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Every once in a while I wonder if is really satire. What say you @GovernorVA ?? 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child: 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Cant wait for the fact check 
Merlo please Not burgundy 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - #espionage #gilead #WuhanCoronovirus 
.@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Planters paused promos around Mr. Peanut's death because Kobe Bryant died, but the peanut-mascot funeral is still on for the Super Bowl 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - OpEd by @TheWCS in the 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, as senior US officials say risk here remains low. via 
Can Money Markets Support Derivative Margin Calls? 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Pegging rate is a tool that will do more harm than good, especially if inflation picks up... #QE #FED #economy 
The Wall Street Journal () interviews Michaela Ahlberg, a specialist in ethics and compliance, about how compliance programs can create a better business culture:  #Compliance #RegTech 
Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens via 
Chuckle not so bright... 
Tiffany's, a Love Affair With the Glitterati | #fashion #tiffany #tiffany's #tiffanys #jewelry #earrings #style #stud #studded #studdedearrings #music #rnb #style #affluent #progress #class #firstclass 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
The classic coin purse gets an update from designers such as Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs. 
Could it be that @taylorswift13 is now fighting for relevance? 
#BigBanks in the U.S. face looser restrictions on investing their own money in venture capital funds under the latest plan to ease the #VolckerRule’s limits on speculative trading, according to people familiar with the matter. @amacker/ 
@realDonaldTrump Satire sites combining "We've long admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly &amp; thrilled to have them under The Bee's umbrella. When you can't compete w/ hilarious satire like CNN, an acquisition seemed to make most sense." 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
: Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@dbongino Many of us have not forgotten the hateful manner he conducted himself when Trump was first running. He is the epitome of a vindictive and shallow person. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
More news of trillion dollar companies investing in carbon + climate solutions: @Microsoft plans to invest $1bn as part of a wider climate commitment. The time is NOW for environmental investing. 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with Deloitte COE @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
: Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships 
Ben Smith is exiting as ⁦@BuzzFeed⁩ news chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018. ⁦@rcfp⁩ board member ⁦@BuzzFeedBen⁩ is going to ⁦@nytimes⁩ as media columnist. 
Viva ⁦@jansinger928⁩! New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
Israel Prepares to Unleash AI on Health Care - 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@cspanwj The Wall Street Journal extended an invitation to John Bolton in an excellent editorial. "John Bolton’s book draft... is hardly a surprise and won’t—and shouldn’t—change the impeachment resultt. The John Bolton Report - 
cc: @RepAdamSchiff @brianstelter CNN and Ignorance via 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
I may need on of these missionaries ... 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
@KUTX @dayglowband As I understand things, it's settled fact that What a Fool Believes is (one of) the greatest pop song(s) ever written: #StandByIt 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen...." #PJNET #tcot #TGDN #CCOT 
JUST IN FROM IF YOU BRING THE CORONA VIRUS TO CALIFORNIA GOV. NEWSOME WILL HAVE YOU ARRESTED AND PROSECUTED !!! 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
Yea, so? At what point do we say enough with Venezuela? ⁦@RosneftEN⁩ trades their oil? Shut them down! ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@KellyannePolls⁩ #Elliott Abrams 
Because “Only over the last 250 years, the period over which capitalism has flourished, have a large number of people—in the billions— overcome poverty.” 
The Fed continues pumping money into the economy to keep interest rates low and stock market roaring. Trump is loving it. via 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending via 
: b1a47fd0-7d40-4f89-9351-94652329627a 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN From Capt.Marlow's logbook 
: Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@fawadlameh @NafeesRehmanDr Is it relevant that the accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is an ethnic Baluchi? I remember reading two of his Uncles were killed fighting for the BLA, but I can't find that reference now My connection to KSM: I met him in Taiz, Yemen in 1997 
🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂 Okay Jim! Rotflmfao 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Why 'green bonds' have such scarcity value ♻️💵 - 
McDonald's faces intense competition at breakfast and has been looking to upgrade its chicken offerings. It's piloting breakfast chicken sandwiches. good to be back on the chicken-sandwich beat with @heatherhaddon: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
The King of All Cosmos approves. 
Trading global #stocks at slightly out-of-date prices has earned high-frequency #traders approximately $5 billion/year. #LatencyArbitrage @aosipovich 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@RichardGillam7 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Once upon a time R’s and conservatives used to care about this. 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via 
Of course, then he paid her $130.000. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
“Should the coro­n­avirus out­break fail to sta­bi­lize by March, first-quar­ter growth in China could slow to be­low 6%, So­ciété Générale econ­o­mists said in a re­port.” 
markets: The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Astros Fire Trash Can Responsible For Sign-Stealing Scandal | 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
"Among my activities and areas of interest, I have identified several that strongly indicate I possess the quality of being fun. They are as follows: Recreation. Smiling. Entertainment of all kinds. Meeting people. Local sports teams." 
Interesting article on the state of our teenage girls today. Most of this is spot on with what we’re seeing in the Junior High setting with boys &amp; girls. #teenagers 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@Crazieone2750 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout, by @catherine_lucey 
FICO scores by generation/age 
Wat a sex cyst 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
"Polygenic scores are ...causal in only one direction. They don’t drop because tests make you nervous or rise because you grew up rich. They’re impervious to racism and other forms of prejudice." 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus - 
Christ Returns to NBA 
@MoffittNews @Harvard @elkingtonxy @LifeSciVC @Dereklowe @gbrumfiel @aviswanatha Has Thomas Feddo commented on Lieber's arrest and implications on #CFIUS enforcement? @KatyStech 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears. 
President Obama Nominates Canaanite God Molech To Supreme Court 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
President Trump Declares His Most-Trusted News Source 
Q1 results for Apple, 22.2B in net income, returned 23.5B (share repurchases and dividends) to shareholders. 61% of sales were international. In other words, Apple is taking money from the world and lining the pockets of Americans. 
..GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Sometimes The Bee just nails it. OK, most of the time. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Lose-lose for PM Li, the man who could’ve been the best man to head China. He gets blame if he fails and may even die if he gets infected by the #coronavirus. If he succeeds and be a hero, Xi will arrest him for corruption. Standard playbook of coward Xi 
“They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself.” This story was a highlight of my day. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules 
Trump Offers Middle East Peace Plan 
@Chrencken14 @Davos In terms of climate change, a big culprit would be lightning storms kickstarting the fires (but it seems to be more of a consequence than a cause). 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever | 
The government will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 and deficits will exceed that amount every year for the foreseeable future. via 
Report: A wealth tax would force US assets into foreign hands. via ⁦⁩ 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump The is a satire site. 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
GOP doesn’t have votes to block witnesses, McConnell says! Call your senators! Capital switchboard: 202-224-312. Also try: Gardner: (719) 543-1324 Collins: (207) 945-0417 Romney: (801) 524-4380 Murkowski: (907) 271-3735 Alexander: (731) 664-0289 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump Fake Fox News - now here's a REAL story: 
markets: The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share. 
🚨 BREAKING from : *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
Ha! How true it is 
Nancy- failed Mitch - WIN Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Thank goodness Schiff is on it. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@GavinNewsom @tedlieu @KamalaHarris @SpeakerPelosi He should try declaring it a sh*t free zone. 
won 2020 already 😂 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - 
@oliverdarcy PUT HIM BACK IN THE DAMN PUZZLE BOX! 
Not enough votes to block witnesses? 
"[Chuck Schumer] doesn’t want witnesses any more than Republicans do—certainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Republicans to do the dirty work of voting down witnesses so he can shout coverup from here to November." via 
Day 1103: Moscow Mitch doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses, which is great in terms of more information getting to the American public, but the GOP have already decided that what Trump did isn't a crime (Ron Howard voice: It is.) #resist 
: Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
...⁦@GOPSenate⁩ - following suit with your monkeys in @GOPHouse Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new #coronavirus have died. Many of those who have died are elderly or have other illnesses such as diabetes. 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Court Case Doesn’t End Regional Fed Bank Status Questions, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
@ewehoo This always gives me a hearty-chuckle 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
@DuckFootball @quack12podcast @alaskalute @TheRoboDuck I loved RoboDuck!! I remember the day he was hatched. Such an impressive gymnast &amp; appreciated his athleticism. Probably could have done some fun things with him &amp; the Duck together. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
America’s cold snap couldn’t keep natural gas prices from plunging. Via #WhatsNow 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
BECAUSE WHEN YOU ARE THE #EnemyOfThePeople YOU USE #FakeNews AS A WEAPON. Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Joe Biden talk about Ukraine correction 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
an old copy of MLK "I have a Dream Speech," has been found and it may shed light on TIME TRAVEL and the existence thereof. 
Curb appeal matters, it can boost sales price by 7%! ⁦⁩ ⁦⁦@nardotrealtor⁩ #curbappeal #sellingyourhome 
Arconic, another large industrial supplier to Boeing, is exploring staffing cuts and layoffs as production slows. The ripple effect of Boeing’s misjudgements continue. #Boeing #economy 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Investors will be watching Apple’s first-quarter earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus in China via 
The Davos Crowd Embraces Big Global Government 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers 
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via @Annaisaac 
Cant tell if this is partially true #SexTrafficking First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
: Chris Tomlin Finally Wears Out His Computer's Copy, Paste Shortcut Keys 
I think I'll get these out early. 4 of them today. Satire Tweet #1 () "Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial" 
Wow, the homepage looks less shitty than it has at any point in the last two years. Please check it out! 
Canada Begins USMCA Ratification Process. I spoke to the Wall Street Journal's @paulvieira about it. 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a "terrain awareness" system that could have provided information about the mountainous area in which it crashed 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election - 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad #joke #comedy 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects via 
Case-by-case approvals appeal to politicians' and developers' shared love of cutting deals. But this approach is fundamentally unfair, and results in nowhere near enough homes. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Number of #babyboomers entering retirement is expected to grow for several years, while the number of college-bound high-school grads is projected to decline. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
What We're Reading 📰: “10 years ago, if someone was a #CIO you could list four basic things they do. Now it’s more of a question of what kind of CIO are you.” has the story. #technology #Leadership #TuesdayMotivation 
It all sounds so familiar. At least Canada pursued criminal charges for the relevant execs -- a fact often overlooked in the DPA debate 
To con­sol­i­date regime control, the Guardian Coun­cil of #Iran, which vets all can­di­dates &amp; is controlled by #Khamenei, has dis­qual­i­fied large num­bers of reformists from the upcoming election, some of whom serve in the cur­rent parliament ~ 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor より 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
The Tea Party and conservative Republicans must be very worried about this. 😐 U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says 
"... if immediate action was not taken, it could be too late to stop the spread of information." Less satire, more the core principle of #onlineharms policy 
@JohnJHarwood Two spectacular instances of hackery in same day. #HackMadness . Not sure what BS anna navarro is up to...but no way she's a bigger hack than you. 
Looks like we could be focusing on the #ImpeachmentTrial around State of the Union time... via ⁦⁩ 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
I’ve been saying this for years! ‘The Princess Bride’ Officially Recognized As Inspired Scripture 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in #CIOJournal 
"No stop signs from Rome." Francis wants schism. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
1) don’t limit AI strategy to IT strategy, go broader, 2) focus on revenue growth over cost reduction, and 3) apply AI throughout the business ... #AI #Strategy #AIWinners 
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during #Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said #Iraq via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. #deficits #NationalDebt #Trump #JohnDalyNews 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #Northam #Virginia #2A 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
Snopes Issues Pre-Approval Of All Statements Made During Tonight's Democratic Debate 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs - #GoogleAlerts 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
: McConnel doesn't have the votes to Block Senate Witnesses Diane Feinstein: Hold my prune juice 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts # CRE 
Trump Administration to Soon Issue Guidance on #Medicaid Block Grants. #aging #ageinplace #medicaid #longtermcare #caregiving #caregivers #eldercare #seniorcare #specialneeds #disability #disabilityrights 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - 
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial. 
The Boeing 747 Turns 50 #humor #comedy 
Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth #art #satire 
#Americans must reconsider #travel to #Asia Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
@MichaelNey19 @ravensspirit68 @elizabe50286054 @Deeenst @fightpaindaily @dr4liberty @Bris516 @ClaireCoppeto @ginger3mello @chelemp @Tootwisted40 @tinwisc @DeeSnutts6 OMG reality is as bad as satire! Father McNett must surely agree with this! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@HedgeyeDDale Well - even the reported 40% of listed companies lost $$ over the last 12 months. Which wreaks of growth and confidence. 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Hong Kong's stock index dropped 2.5% on Wednesday morning, the first trading day after the Lunar New Year break, as investors assessed the spreading Wuhan coronavirus and its impact on global growth. With very nicely-chosen photo. @srussolillo 
Sounds like the #ImpeachmentTrial is set to continue into at least next week, maybe even longer. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Maduro’s persistence shows the difficulty of forcing regime change without military force, says a former US ambassador to Venezuela. But military force has its own set of problems. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
"The enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of health is one of the fundamental rights of every human being without distinction of race, religion, political belief, economic or social condition." GREAT BUT IRONICALLY #WHO @WHO #WuhanCoronovirus 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
NEW: TPG in Talks to Reduce Stake in $32 Billion Credit-Investing Arm w/ @lizrhoffman 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
editorial: John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. "This doesn’t require testifying to the Senate. Mr. Bolton could do it in a public statement, a TV interview, or an op-ed in this publication. Our editors are standing by." via 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
🤔 isn't yhe regular week work 40? They still stealing time and getting paid! 
Media offers thoughts and prayers that someone would start some violence at gun rights rally. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. via 
Dems%2520Worried%2520If%2520Impeachment%2520Fails%2520They%2527ll%2520Have%2520To%2520Nominate%2520Electable%2520Candidate 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Fuck these religious dicks!! They roll any felony or “sin” up in a Hail Mary/Our Father &amp; say it’s gods word. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
@SocialistBoomer There's also the fact that she's attractive as well that really pops their gaskets. There are so many dating AOC fantasies out there from right wingers that even joked about it. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
"It’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself." Do you remove the flesh from an avocado with a knife? A trip to the ER might be in your future. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Once their gone their gone! Get’em while their hot! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake Stupid conservative rake! Impeach the rake! (But it’s a Green Party rake, you say?) Compost the rake! 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
"When you declare something illegal, it is instantly gone forever," Newsom said solemnly. "That's why I'm taking immediate executive action to declare the possession of coronavirus a felony at the state level. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
#Malkan Letters: All Is Not Well Today for Low-Wage Workers via 
Opinion | America’s Innovators Need Clear Patent Laws 
Local homeschool mom Cindy Breyers has a morning routine: get up at 6, read Proverbs 31, read fourteen other chapters of the Bible, make coffee, and finally, go out for a quick morning jog with her 18-seat jogging stroller. 
Thank God We Didn’t Have Written Language Back When I Was A Teenager 
#Netflix Introduces New 'Skip Terrible Season' Button 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@Davidspacehouse @agrosse777 @justinamash @DavidCornDC @Davidspacehouse Here is the clip 
Believable! 
For those that are confused about what AR stands for I will break it down for you. “Awesome Rifle” 
What kind of nation are we creating that incentivizes poor Walruses to lie to sell books?! Just give him some cod! I blame Climate Change...🤪 
Joel Graves Vincent Wallman 
Hypocrisy brought to a new level. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
Microsoft Raises Stakes in Corporate Climate-Pledge Race #MSFTAdvocate 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 😄 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It . Perhaps now CNN can become effective and important! 
CNN and Ignorance via 
NIAC president @jabdi spoke to the about @CBP 's detentions of Iranian Americans at the border, saying “it feels like the administration is turning the screws even further since the travel ban." #RepealtheBan 📰 Read the article here: 
@KikiAdine Operation Good Job 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Older article. Seriously humorous. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen. We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like." 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker? WTF? And I suppose that trump had his favorite Bible verses printed on the tip of his penis &amp; Stormy Daniels had a reading device of some sort in her vagina! 
@realDonaldTrump Let’s talk about the deficit that you tripled, sweetums: 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
*Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@BaileyWonders @mhanham headline without a link. 
@HouseIntel @HouseDemocrats @JoeBiden &amp; hunter are GUILTY AS SIN, &amp; JOE IS THE SLEAZY DIRTY CORRUPT VP THAT threaten to freeze aid to Ukraine- HERE IS THAT FACT - 
😂 How many times has this happened with you? 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis “Not since the 1980s have we seen supply this tight. That’s going to stay around in 2020 and the dynamic there will drive prices higher.” 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
HILLARY GIVING BERNIE ADVICE. IT'S SATIRE. BUT IS IT REALLY? Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Urggg....McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses 
@ChrisRugaber @TheAmaraReport had a good piece on this a few weeks back, definitely feels like a very intentional decision to market/frame Census jobs in response to the tight labor market. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
if the democrats are warning the people then the democrats already did by this SMEAR CAMPAIN against the president 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland #China would be reduced significantly due to the #coronavirus via 
It is time to close the impeachment and heal the wound from both parties that have been tearing apart since this crazy issue happened. See the link for Joe's confection: 
@ashleylynch @the_moviebob Reminds me of something 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Out of the office: the quiet and gradual loss of ‘pink-collar’ jobs 
@RadioFreeTom is it? 
Arconic Faces MAX-Related Cuts In Sales, Jobs, but Profit Lifts Stock — - By Bob Tita and Doug Cameron This article is being republished as part of our daily reproduction of articles that also... | 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China via ⁦⁩ These allegations are scary. 
Sad day for the @Pirates. #Pnc was a good ballpark. I wish him only the best. 
Shot 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via . Maybe we can get our country and constitution back. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Chick-Fil-A Replaces Cow Mascot With Golden Calf. 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
New York’s @MTA Criticized Over #CongestionPricing Panel 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - @nuzzel 
@Mikeggibbs I very much look forward to when Say Yes to the Dress is on at the gym 
After sharing steps to consider for #retirement planning from @nytimes, some suggestions from to consider asking a prospective adviser. @missionparkcap stands ready to share its answers with you--contact us to learn more! #personalfinance #fiduciary 
Trump's Impeachment Trial -- Live Analysis - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @emilycadei 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
ok this is a new one 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Don't I wish 
Well deserved!! 😂😂😂 Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | - Join the conversation on @clouthub 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Luca de Meo will take over as chief executive effective July 1. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
» Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Citadel Securities can trade again in China after brokerage’s unit pays $97.6 million to resolve probe of trading practices from 2015 via 
U.K. Watchdog Warns Banks on Taking Action Against Overdraft Pricing 
Bring it. It's want Trump wanted all along MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
This post will also be a multiple tweet type thing... In grad school (thank you to my fav professor Marilyn Cohen), we studied the image of the woman in the 50's/60's film and their mink/fur coats. It was such a status symbol for the American housewife... 
Rate Alert! - Yields hit their lowest since early October on coronavirus fears and stock market sell off. Mortgage rates are approaching fresh lows. Check with me for your custom rate quote. (NMLS #238745). 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"The secrecy behind #shellcompanies —businesses that exist only on paper—is a clear and present danger.” #antimoneylaundering #aml #cft #moneylaundering #regulatorycompliance 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei via 
"This is not what America was founded on. It is not what our forefathers would have wanted" 😆 Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Satire, but also not. 
If it looks like a duck and talks like a duck, it’s probably just some evangelizing. Now I get it! 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Tuesday to Bring Update on Fed’s Market Intervention Plans, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy #repo - 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
breaking news they are on the loose!!!! 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter via 
@GovMikeHuckabee "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
Swedbank posted a drop in fourth-quarter net profit as the bank faced higher costs from its work to fight money laundering as well as higher impairments. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings - 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Dems should be careful what they wish for. 
Supreme Court allows Trump rules denying immigrants residency over public assistance 
An episode of ‘The Conners’ will be performed live and will integrate the network’s coverage of the New Hampshire presidential primary into its plot. via 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds 
@CNBC Disney has been a great partner with #China. We must remember how the communist party was covering up the news in december and even arrested 8 people for spreading news about the #coronavirus. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
@SenMikeLee is a living, breathing article. 
@LeaderHoyer @JECDems Don't forget to mention the spendthrift Republicans impulsive spending. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@OANN @realDonaldTrump Johnson &amp; Johnson is up to their neck in legal suits, just like U spanky....#ImpeachedForever 
Satire Tweet 3 () "Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week" 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Progressives Admit They're Just Not Used To Killing People Who Might Fight Back 
@jamiedupree Is it Russian campaign funds or just utter cowardice that keep them in line? 
The boom in industrial real estate is losing steam, although vacancy rates remaining historically low, a new study shows via 
Dershowitz calls "abuse of power" allegation campaign rhetoric 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Schiff is actually warning us that the American people might have a say in the election how about that 
(sub req) The Bumps Ahead for Autonomous Vehicles via Graphics 
Conor McGregor Credits Excellent Pre-Fight Shape To Routine Of Hurling Heavy Objects In Public Spaces 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
BREAKING 
#Grocers offering online orders are testing automated micro-fulfillment systems that can fulfill 4000 orders per week while occupying little space 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Ain't that the #Truth !! "Superman Criticized As Unrealistic For Portraying A Journalist As Heroic" 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed 
: Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
The Mideast peace blueprint released by the Trump administration prescribes a specific series of actions both Israelis and Palestinians must take. Here are the main points of the plan: 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
@WesleyMcCraw Luckily we still have 
#debtclock #usdeficit #beltway bandits 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
Commodity traders fear the coronavirus will erode demand for crude oil and base metals in China via 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
You can’t make this shit up: “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,” Explains Jim Bakker 
Supermarkets are closing their pharmacies, as consumers are increasingly getting 90-day supplies of their medicines or getting prescriptions delivered in the mail. Meantime, profits are ever harder to come by as the health-care industry consolidates. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial #people #satire 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
Keep it this way.•Trial needs witnesses and documents pertinent to the #ImpeachmentTrial @SenatorCollins @MittRomney @lisamurkowski @CoryGardner @SenThomTillis @SenMcSallyA @AmyMcGrathKY @Reuters @nytimes @phoenixnewtimes @NBCNews @USATODAY @nytimes 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Why is this news? @michaellewis wrote about this a half decade ago. And what was done about it... 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
neither is the gop, apparently 
@PressSec @realDonaldTrump Yeah... he cares about filling his pockets with taxpayer money. If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in 2020 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Are you sniffing glue. You can’t be this stupid or did Tammy slip you some edible pot. Take a Prozac and go sit in the corner and ponder your stupidity. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan 
Man Tries Using Pink 6-Pound Bowling Ball To Great Amusement 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
This is some 3D chess...omg GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Study finds that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
roflmao! Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
: 1c766b48-4f2b-4e70-812a-b8222a7be666 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
A6. Here’s another example. Apologies or the paywall: #k12prchat 
Harvard Chemistry Department Chair allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
HFT firms gaining from speed advantages is at the expense of other HFT firms -- not the average investor 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery vía 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown #growth #global #cloud #innovation #housing #trends 
Is this the FIRST time it has ever happened anywhere in the WURLD?? This amazing~~&gt;&gt; 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
5 Things To Know About Prince Harry And Meghan Markle’s Split From The Royal Family #comedy #lol 
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role in the Senate trial isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan 
#wisconsinsynod Lutherans need this 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion: Your daily economics newsletter from The Wall Street Journal. 
If companies were given an overwhelming reason to start spending more, they probably would 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@haysjr9 the pundits of the day were tossing out witticisms to complete with Bill Clinton, who was very good at not being stumped by the press. "There's no there there" may have emerged during Ken Starr's Whitewater but apparently originated thusly: 
@KWnFX @hebrewservative @_1216715 @SteveKrak Really didn’t Obama tell us at 1.9% that it would be our new normal and didn’t he ridicule trump when he said he’d get it back to 3%?? 
I KNEW IT ALL ALONG #delusional Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
⁦@senatemajldr⁩ said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said. He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he did not show it to senators. 
@SurvivingMyWay @PreetBharara Never mind. Just needed to scroll. 😋 
A shonda for the Yalies. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via ·Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit" Payout for our customer´s interest 
"Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not,"| 
Open Borders, Affirmative Action, the Framers and the Neocons - The Wall Street Journal 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@JarradKushner @AmbJohnBolton John Bolton Stays Up Late Nuking All The Peaceful Countries In 'Civilization VI' | 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire #joke #people 
@JLFInsider dark times call for dark humor. 
Can't have the American people picking candidates and winners of elections now, can we? 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses HA! @GOP sucks @realdonaldtrump sucks 
Very interesting article 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Brutalist Buildings Are Back in Style—Except With Architects Fans celebrate oft-derided style of blockish forms and naked concrete, but designers are leery. #architecturedesign 
Gov Northam demands black protesters be arrested for wearing blackface at a 'White Supremacist' rally! Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
U.K. Watchdog Warns Banks on Taking Action Against Overdraft Pricing #FCA #banking 
Now I understand thank you Jim for that clarification “giving her the gospelI “ we now know what that means you old man , how much gospel have you been giving ?Together with giving her the “” gospel “ he gave her a check of $150,00 and NDA to not... 
Greta Thunberg Mural Equipped With Laser Eyes That Shoot At SUVs 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
» Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
Trump dismantling yet another Obama-era ruling 
The Trump campaign is planning an ambitious show of force for Iowa's Feb. 3 caucuses 
Jar Jar was so not beloved. I hope that this isn't true, if it is then The Mandolorian is ruined. #MandolorianBabyCare 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People THIS IS ONE SICK POS !! 
With 100,000 emerging cases of the coronavirus, the Dow drops over 450 points as there is a growing fear that the outbreak in China will result in slowed global economic growth. #cherribi #zohor 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
What scripture did he find that said, "And @realDonaldTrump shalt take porn actress @StormyDaniels to an Inn where he will call My Name. After which, thou shall pay her $130K, and she will nameth you 'Mushroom Head'" to back this claim? 
@realDonaldTrump: "Impeachment? Sure, why not. Impeach me. I love it!" ❤💙 @SpeakerPelosi: "Well, we're going to show him a thing or two by forcing him to stay in the White House &amp; finish out his term." 🤣😂 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Maybe a mic drop would be better. 
@BlondeinBklyn @oliverdarcy Reading is fundamental. The disrespect was for the bias of the "news" media. Duh. It's not MY fault was forced to switch from satire to journalism due to the vacuum created by the media SUCKING AT THE BASICS OF THEIR JOBS!! 
"PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content" BTS 
After%20Senseless%20Murder%20Of%20Goliath,%20Philistines%20Call%20For%20Ban%20On%20Fully%20Automatic,%20High-Capacity%20Slings 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs Pssst......hey Christian Conservatives, imposters like Robert Jeffress and Jim Bakker are misleading the flock. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Democrats also said they even have hard evidence that the 2016 election was compromised by Republicans voting for Trump. 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
Watch your back, Tulsi!! Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
I figure we could all use a good belly laugh right about now. 🤣🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😭😭 “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star”-JB 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
For senators serving as impeachment jurors and presidential candidates at the same time, this is what weekends are like 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
Before its bankruptcy filing, Lucky’s Market, backed by Kroger’s, began reviewing its 39 open stores and 19 additional locations it was planning to open. via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
China’s president has spoken about the country’s ability to show leadership on global issues, such as public health. His response to the coronavirus crisis is likely to be seen as an important test. 
Some of President Trump’s complaints about Europe aren’t new and won’t melt away if he fails to win a second term later this year 
@Geoffreytsmith @akarlin88 @marcbennetts1 @bneeditor @evghenia_v Poland was guilty for starting WWII by the same principle outlined here 
The rate of change in both "annual deficits" &amp; "total debt" are staggering to say the least. Knowingly or not...this is a version of MMT with the FED now monetizing US debt at a record pace. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
True story 
As Adam Schiff gave his opening arguments in Trump's impeachment trial yesterday, stunned witnesses claim a huge plank suddenly appeared protruding from his left eye socket. . 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected areas 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
The gun is a lot like the destructive AR-15 but is even scarier, as it is wearing a red “Make America Great Again” hat. 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
President Trump's historic impeachment trial began today, but nobody noticed as everyone was too excited about Taco Tuesday to care. 
#DitchMitch McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses - 
The yield on the 10-year Treasury briefly inverted this morning, dipping below that of the three-month bill. w/@Annaisaac and @ahirtens 
A Florida businessman is the latest to plead guilty to corruption involving Ecuador’s state-controlled oil company via 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Mandy Ginsberg is one of my personal heroes, a formidable leader and inspiring role model especially for ambitious women in tech. Happy she's putting her health first! #leanin #match #tinder 
Nation Struggles To Understand Why Area Pie Didn't Come Out Right 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
@SenWhitehouse Yeah no kidding!!! The harrowing, heartbreaking story. Satire that's killer because it's true!! 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
"The United Kingdom’s National Institute for Health and Care Excellence has rejected immunotherapies because they were too expensive, though it has had to relent in some cases after patient protests." #IPIHurtsPatients #ValueOurHealth 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Good grief. Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] [Note: No boneheaded Democrats were injured in the making of this satirical post] [*Note: No offense intended to dimwits who are unable to recognize satire.] [Safeguard Clarification: this is a joke.] 
Archaeologists Discover AR-15 Cain Used To Kill Abel 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December via &lt;-- Misleading headline for those interested in the economy. 
@AlexHalsey6 @drawandstrike I remember when used to do satire... 
⁦@KassyDillon⁩ wrote this didn’t she??? Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@ChuckProphet Reminds me of one of the best stories ever in 
Mad props to the #GoogleOrchestra and to ⁦@sanbeiji⁩ for killin' it on double bass! 🎼🎸 We need a SV 'Battle of the orchestras' next 😂 
Not mentioned is the fact that with pass interference rules any pass attempt can lead to big gains. Add that Mahomes can run when receivers are covered and the field open and there you have it. via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
They don't have the votes, they just don't (for now) 
Health Scare Prompts Man To Start Overeating Healthier 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service | 
US State Dept Warns Against Non-Essential Travel to China—What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To Pay For Medicare For All With The Power Of Love And Friendship | 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
“We’re a 25-year-old company going through a major shift in some of our products and services, so we're looking for younger workers to help with that,” - Vincent Dawkins, @enertiasoftware #onthepath #enrichinglives #itcareers #techtalent 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Democratic Socialist Candidate's Primary Win Revoked After All Her Votes Forcibly Redistributed 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early Yep 
New FOMC rate setting panel members likely signal increased consensus toward steady or decreasing targets for the prime rate. This could bode well for investments in #equipment and other #assets in #manufacturing and #supplychain management. 
Watch live: The White House legal team closes out its defense of President Trump 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I'd pay top dollar to see a group release a flock of geese on the set while Lemonhead is on the air. Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Stunning development. acquires CNN - The Most Busted Name in News™️ 
Google’s Rivals Gear Up to Make Antitrust Case #Google #RivalsGearUp 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary hysterical 
@LauraDrawsStuff It’s very this: 
GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses 
A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts 
It's pub day! Here's the piece I have in . Sorry about the paywall. 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt via ⁦@PeterGrantwsj⁩ 
If he doesn’t have the votes now, it’s unlikely he’ll have them on Friday. The momentum is against him. Lose on this at this late date, and it’s hard to pull it off. And as Pelosi showed in the impeachment delay, he’s been bluffing all along. 
Bing: just watch...tax cuts for wealthy that prevented funds from entering the government will be used to justify taking away services for the poor, disabled, and elderly. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
GreatFireChina: To avoid censorship, Chinese social media users have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. 
With the influx of public protests in Iran, the Iranian government is working to find ways to prevent future protests and find ways to mend the situation at hand. #cherribi #zohor 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@realDonaldTrump Yessir, things are going spectacularly well here in the critical swing state of Minnesota. 
@oliverdarcy For its coverage, or for its BIAS, Oliver? Look, I know y'all had a bad MLK Holiday, but chin up! Another violent nutcase will surely emerge, and this one might even fit the "news" media's Grab Lobby agenda! 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
. 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐍𝐄𝐖𝐒: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting. Schiff McConnell #PompeoMeltdown #TrumpDefense Kobe Bryant Nipsey Vanessa helicopter DOW 
#AdamSchiff That would be @TheDemocrats 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Ironically, it's been determined that the hat increases the rate of fire, and it's now banned by the ATF. 
@AliceAvizandum The classic 
A career State Department official overseeing Ukraine policy told congressional investigators that he had raised concerns in early 2015 about then-VP #JoeBiden’s son serving on the board of a Ukrainian energy company but was turned away by a Biden staffer. 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
What if, after your heart stops, your brain remains active for 10 minutes, 38 seconds? This is the premise of Elif Shafak’s "10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World." 
Advertisers balancing taking risks with being nible. Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
This is how you create the appearance of a booming economy. Everything about @realDonaldTrump is phony. 
Can’t believe I’m alive to see Israel partitioned for a two-state solution again. Seeing the maps of what a potential Palestinian state could look like, as well as what Israel could look like with the Jordan Valley— it’s almost a bit overwhelming. 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
All 🇺🇸 institutions are infiltrated by Chinese spies, including @Harvard @Yale @Stanford @Jkylebass @SecPompeo @HuXijin_GT @realDonaldTrump @EconCulture @thomsonreuters @SSRoachUSChina @BandyXLee1 
Bolton then added "I am the Egg Man ... Koo Koo Ca Chu!!!" 
The Tax Increases to Come via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Wrote about @Bayer and "federated learning," a Silicon Valley technique they're hoping can improve drug discovery #AI #data #pharma via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service #MAGA #TRUMP 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed | 
The House claims it, and only it, can define executive privilege. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"The decision is a major setback for American-led efforts to clamp down on the use of Huawei products, and could embolden other countries to follow the U.K.’s lead." 
@realDonaldTrump The national debt and sustained federal budget deficits will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the CBO projected on Tuesday, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in federal spending. 
Schumer Whiffs Impeachment - The most dangerous place for #Democrats is Chuck Schumer in front of a TV camera. #DNC #Shampeachment #wsj #foxnews #potus #tcot #bbcnews #c4news 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Stay tuned for my forthcoming report for @OAS_official on Dismantling the Authoritarian-Corruption Nexus in #Venezuela. Free countries cannot outspend the nexus, so the winning strategy is to outsmart them. Great reporting ht @IanTalley et al in the . 
@StormyDaniels Not sure you saw this. 🤣🤣🤣 
The Fed Won’t Take Away Markets’ Punch Bowl: 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@SnarkyBetoChick @Valgb1961 @D_jeneration 33% of black Democratic primary voters are backing Mr. Biden, according to a January poll by Quinnipiac University. Mr. Sanders was 9 percentage points behind at 24% support...Warren was at 8%... 12% didn't know 
this is fucked up 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@MooseMilk1985 @oliverdarcy ... beat you too it! 
Even with impeachment, this might prove to be the biggest global news of the day—the idea that the UK would allow @Huawei to build part of its 5G, going against the US government and the Trump administration, is incredible.... 
Fare thee well Eli Manning 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses mr mitt your are scum. if Trump doesn't win in 2020 . the country goes democrat for life. what about your grandchildren. my grandfather kill this country 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
The Wall Street Journal: "U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - The Wall Street Journal" 
: 7d12fb9e-f4ce-44a2-b525-f53b70647bf0 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore Deloitte’s article. Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
Bc: Bc: Hesitating for a month should have been a clue Bc: Both Schiff and Nadler lied about what was in their briefs! #Impotenchment 
The following is an interesting perspective that gives some insight into the real climate debate going on beyond the noise from deniers and alarmists. #marenvs20 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
I'm super excited for this show, even if it is PrObLeMaTiC #picard #startrek #satire #babylonbee 
If you can't then should you be president? No, the answer is no. 
For years, bud­get ex­perts warned that bud­get deficits were un­sus­tain-able be­cause fed­eral bor­row­ing could crowd out pri­vate bor­row­ing, lead­ing to in­ter­est-rate in­creases. But that hasn’t hap­pened, and in­ter­est rates have re­mained low. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
You don’t have the votes 🎶 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - I guess Harvard is not all it’s made out to be! Could the people in charge be recruiting students to weaken our great country? 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
"Bezos enjoyed the conversation, answering every question the Crown Prince asked him, and threw in his credit card info, social security, and blood type as a show of trust and respect." 
Distressed Clothing: Offensive or Just #Fashion? #fashionblogger 
@SocialImpurity Ignorance is no excuse! ;D 
Is this the beginning of the end for @POTUS? #USPolitics 
Is it ever OK to go barefoot on a plane? No. The answer is no. It is never OK. via 
As always gets it right: 
2) glasses as the trial was called to order, letting the other Republican senators know that they could catch a solid eight hours of sleep behind the clever disguise. 
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF-OF-LIES... Trump’s behind the drips and drabs of info on the seriously injured. An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
I still prefer baseball. Go Giants! Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - via ⁦ 
Global warming? Here's a worldwide *cooling* trend. 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
"We are directing massive resources towards eradicating the slightest hint of any person speaking about the virus, and I promise you that any conversation or literature pertaining to the virus will be completely eliminated during the next seven days." 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People This is from August 2019 
lol and enjoy the satire 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character | 
Senate Republicans have been put in an awkward position on what to do about a longtime ally, smart story by ⁦@nataliewsj⁩ and ⁦@siobhanehughes⁩ 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Bernie Sanders Spends Relaxing Afternoon At Target Ranting At Wide Selection Of Deodorants 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
For the love of a non existent God, please stop with trying to make him out to be religious in any way shape or form. 
@AliceAvizandum Every single time there’s upsetting news 
The Federal Reserve #Bank of New York added $84.7 #billion in fresh liquidity to money #markets on Tuesday, but overall temporary #money added to the #financial system by the central bank held steady 
China is cracking down on social media posts and reporting on coronavirus #csulbsoc 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. #economics #justanoldwhiteguy 
@michaelsantoli I’m not smart enough to know if there’s any sarcasm here. interestingly did a piece on returns by day in 2008: (Obviously this is not 2008, but of note is that Wednesday is the worst performing day) 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
This article, but real, and about John Bolton: 
Michael Lewis (perhaps best known for “Moneyball”) wrote “Flash Boys” in 2014. Did the regulators just get their copies? 
How can an impartial juror in an impeachment trial run an ad about the impeached president’s scheme that failed due to the integrity of the leader 45 tried to shakedown? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The Impact of AI on Government—Opportunities and Challenges 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😄 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@DeanneBranch11 @SenatorLankford so should @DevinNunes and @MickMulvaneyOMB 
@impcapital Reminds me of this: 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Earlier this year, I hopped into a rental car and spent the day in Marysville, Calif. with @marcelo_H_ discussing his life in the agroindustrial Central Valley, his passion for poetry and his former life as an undocumented immigrant. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Will 5G Reinvent Working From Home? - Wall Street Journal "While 5G may pave the way for immersive videoconferencing, experts say employees and employers will need to expend effort to make remote work actually work." #remotework #futureofwork 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses!!!!! 🔥💪🏻✊🏼 
Increased trading costs and "billions of dollars a year in profits for a small number of HFT firms and other parties in the speed race." This is exactly what's wrong with @SEC_News' market structure rules. It's time for a change. via @aosipovich 
Time to revert back to the peaceful times of the Hunnish bow and the Roman gladius... 
Nice op-ed by my friend, Bob Patterson, who is challenging party switcher Jeff Van Drew in NJ's 2nd Congressional District GOP primary (disclosure: I'm a Patterson contributor). "Opinion | Welcome to the Party—Now Go Home" 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 
no #AdamSchiff it's you and your friends who tamper with election NOT #WTP2020 
More positive signs that the property sector in the UK is bouncing back! A Hong Kong real-estate investor is set to buy a central-London residential property for just under $274 million, in what would be the U.K.’s most expensive house sale ever via 
Planters pause my grandma’s death next 😢 
Trump Honors War Criminal With Presidential String Of Human Ears 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume Isn't this just disgraceful!!!!!! 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Mitch McConnell Sends Pelosi Shirt Reading 'I Impeached The President And All I Got Was This Lousy T-Shirt' And a Republican majority in the house in 2021... 
Bolton, Pompeo, Mulvaney, &amp; Barr, &amp; Pence should come up &amp; testify under oath. Cant wait to see the outcome and the face of Donald J Trump! Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
What the piece fails to state is that McConnell, in his current position, holds the reins high and already announced to work closely with the WH. So much for the impartial arbiter. He didn't “outfox” anyone, he just carries the whole process off as long 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election #article #comedy 
““There are neigh­bor­hoods which don’t want poor peo­ple mov­ing in, neigh­bor­hoods that don’t want rich peo­ple mov­ing in, and neigh­bor­hoods where they don’t want any­one mov­ing in,” Mr. Weis­brod said.” 
@lauferlaw @Teri_Kanefield BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 
😂CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
They need to stawp. This honestly dosent even look like the real veggies 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
Tomorrow at 10:45AM ET we will discuss the CBO's projection for the National Debt by 2030 with 's @RichardRubinDC. Read his piece HERE:👇👇👇 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site #CNNisGarbage ☝️👍 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
The best solution would be to grant users ownership of their usage data, which would help improve price signals for digital services. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@lordsoftheseth They literally turned her into an article 
This is a good read by @SuneEngel. 
🤔Hmmm... coincidence? This from @BabylonBee, just a short time after my tweet! 😂 
there it is! 🤣 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via 
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via 
The Tragic End of Bush's North Korea Policy - 
Reading ... - How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela : The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies. The opposition meanwhile is in disarray and is losing… 
#MoscowMitch losing his iron grip on the #GOP. ⛏ 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future via @Annaisaac 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Quench Bio has raised $50 million in Series A financing to develop drugs for inflammation based on a recently identified drug target 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
: 05bda67e-1be9-4f3a-b088-c01f91ff976c 
#PaulaWhite performed a barrage of examinations on the president’s spiritual health to test his orthodoxy, and confirmed he’s “in perfect spiritual condition.” #DonaldTrump #Hilarious #FakeNews but sadly it could be true. #TrumpIsGuilty 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - - via @shareaholic 
'... GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump, people familiar with the matter said.' 
Elizabeth Warren promises to investigate Trump officials after she wins. via 
People wishing communism back? Are 100 million not enough? 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Living Wall Street dopes. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. 
From the you would wonder you live in a surreal country. 
@AndrewPollackFL @abitx2u @realDonaldTrump That’s your ageism bias. American politics has always been a bare knuckled event. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
What a fuckwit. ⁦@HonTonyAbbott⁩ “He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world . . . in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does.“ #auspol 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. via 
'The Fed successfully flooded markets with cash late last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Winding down the program could become complicated if some market commentators are right that the moves have fueled a stock-market rally.' 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
@GeoffRBennett Ummm... do what? 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat #MAGA #TRUMP 
Google and Amazon using their sheer monopoly to hurt smaller speaker company Sonos is yet another example of the consequences of big tech behaving badly. Luckily we have @NCAGO who has been looking into big tech. 
What's going on? After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - The Wall Street Journal Be found 
In%20Major%20Deal,%20The%20Babylon%20Bee%20Purchases%20Competing%20Satire%20Site%20CNN 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Today on #TheJournal, @ByShanLi takes us inside Wuhan... the city at the epicenter of the corona virus outbreak. And @stefaniei explains the science behind it all. 
@SoCalValleyGal @Camrynne_Heart @madturk7 @RepRaulGrijalva Nice cherry picking. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal #cndpoli 
@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews This is an accurate portrayal of today's GOP. No wonder @justinamash left the party 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
@TheRickWilson CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - The Wall Street Journal: After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth  The Wall Street Journal 
" **gulp** " - Mitch McConnell 
@Thomas1774Paine My God--he's right!! 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Controversial author of Bell Curve fame argues that “polygenic scores will offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what is innate and what is added by the environment”. Get the popcorn 
@RepAdamSchiff You lost!!! and on Nov 3 when @realDonaldTrump wins in a landslide &amp; brings in a conservative house, senate &amp; many hundreds of constitutional judges you'll still be what u r, a bug eyed loser &amp; traitor who's lost big time for all time. 
CEOs and execs this writer talked to at #Davos think Trump will be re-elected. No surprise there. But, what's with the use throughout the piece of the GOP pejorative—"Democrat" party instead of Democratic? 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@ErinAstrosFan @michele088 Once the initial group of 40 or so were noticed mid December and then Market was Closed by China Government in January 1st, the CDC should have acted. Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade - 
: AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
This a thickening of the plot I did not expect. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
High debt, weak fiscal positions and inability to adjust or adapt to exogenous shocks all expose African economies. We recognize this. It's really good to see a focus on other sovereign bonds as drivers and less focus on the China narrative 
THANKS CNN!!! CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Satire Tweet 2 () "Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ " 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Boris Who? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
As bond yields in developed economies have touched record lows, investor demand for higher-yield assets has risen, helping to support demand for the flood of bond issuance @emsovdebt @RencapMan @hofrench 
The mayor of Wuhan, the city at the epicenter of China’s viral outbreak, said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
@sammk1964 @alanfair12 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump Obama prolonged the recession. Big brain time. 
Does he realize he just called his state tyrannical. 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
“AbbVie, Gilead, others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test effectiveness against deadly respiratory illness” 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
“After I watched the president slowly and methodically squeeze the life out of my wife’s body as she gasped, futilely, for breath, he gave me his personal assurance that he was not responsible for her death, so I continue to stand by this administration” 
: Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Thanks to the democrats there's no longer a line between reality and satire... 
@MsMagicMcLeod @Independent I’m not seeing your opinion hold up. This is one of many articles with no contradictory information to support your comment: 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@AXECOP @Orthodox_Bubba @The_Kyle_Mann @joethorn @RedeemerSTC @docanddevo Totally. 
Selling your home? Well listen up, Curb Appeal counts &amp; there’s a new algorithm helping researchers determine just how much it adds to a property’s value. #RealEstate #HomeSales ⁦@DouglasElliman⁩ 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines, by @michaelsderby in markets - #repo - 
New: Why growth in Sub-Saharan African debt is causing concern: via 
@splatterhouses1 @w_terrence No they weren't. Doesn't fit your trolling though, does it? Lol. Bless your heart. 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
This is supposed to be parody though... 
The EU is set to recommend that member nations restrict companies from supplying 5G tech, if they pose a high security risk, according to draft guidance to be published tomorrow. Nice scoop from @catstupp for Cyber - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The tech talent challenge: Genuent's Talent Path finds new tech workers and farms them out on consultant contracts, typically for less than it would cost to hire an intern outright 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Oh no! We take my mother-in-law to Baker’s Square regularly. Would hate to see the location near us shut down. 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
“The administration is counting on fear to amplify the damage [to #immigrant families],” said @CLASPOlivia. #ProtectFamilies #PublicCharge #SCOTUS via @MHackman @brkend 
Finally, someone focusing on what really matters 
I remember some other evangelical preacher back in the ‘90s using this excuse when he got caught with a prostitute. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It #MAGA #TRUMP 
@realDonaldTrump No wonder you stand with Israel. Criminals have to stick together 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ - interesting from ⁦@MHackman⁩ 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) #MAGA #TRUMP 
New: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
The likelihood of the Senate voting to call more witnesses in the impeachment trial appeared to mount as some Republican senators said new allegations about Trump’s motivation for freezing aid to Ukraine bolstered the case for further testimony 
Chinese Authorities Rush to Build New Hospital to Contain Coronavirus #video #news #klout 
Some company got the to rent them a subfolder to host an affiliate site. "You can find the greatest promotions, sales, and discount codes from your favorite shopping destinations at The Wall Street Journal." 🤦🤦🤦 
It has begun... Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally: 
The strategy seems to have generated shareholder value: 
Deadlier version of AR-15 now available. By Babylon Been 21 January 2020 #ArmedCitizens #ArmCitizens #satire #parody 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child # #comedy 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Trump Expands Travel Ban To Include British Royalty 
Dow Drops Over 450 Points on Coronavirus Fears Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
'Let The Hate Flow Through You!' Cackles Cloaked Hillary Clinton At Campaign Rally 
Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since the aftermath of World War II over the next decade, a CBO report says 
Manufacturers Increase Perks to Get New Hires to Move - 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Hiring remote workers allows companies to cherry-pick the best talent—wherever they happen to live. A perfect reason to provide them with a Walkabout Office to keep them connected to thier team and your company! @walkaboutworkplace 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit #people #sarcasm 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Anyone else tired of low lives, scum sucking @AdamSchiff and @SpeakerPelosi calling us names and accusing us of doing what they do; cheat &amp; lie? Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Ha! Parenting is hard. But it's fun too. Make sure to download and share our FREE APP for listings of all things #childfriendly across SA, and all geocoded to your location. Activities, events, party ideas, services, etc. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@s8n how could you? 
Bernie is saying: "If you go that way 'round the Constitution, you'll hopefully be back before they know they're hog-tied" 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
Trump Titanic News Flash. Impeachment done, next stop Conviction in the Senate. 
#TEXAS HAS ZERO STATE INCOME TAX. So we DO have Property Taxes! Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales... 
Dream Vacation Turns Deadly For Area Houseplant 
New Study Shows Link Between Sex, Pregnancy 
@1kimoui @MiaFarrow Wait. You are angry about Bernie's campaign going to the convention? Were you angry when Clinton held on in 2008 - claiming Obama might be shot? Were you aware he vigorously campaigned for HRC? 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
Some companies are still just trying to create a chic alternative for booze.  
Sadly, this is true. 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
If you don't get this ... we can't be friends. 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via Loved some V.I. back in the day! 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
State Department Official Raised Concerns in 2015 Over Hunter Biden - 
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal via 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week #article #lol 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Dan Savage Disgusted By Letter From Perverted Reader Contemplating Oral Sex 
Striking Blow Against #ToxicMasculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@billfirn06 @Electra661 No fan of Schiff, however these Schiff quotes are not factual. They were taken from a satire article written on the (dated 1/23/20) 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend. 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
How Trump’s Mideast peace plan developed over the past three years 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@realDonaldTrump Maybe read his book. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
Trump Inauguration Spending Under Criminal Investigation by Federal Prosecutors - 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker is that what Bakker did with Jessica Hahn? Did he call her legs the Gospel so he could spread ‘em? 
This article on Kingdom Hearts has sent me. 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
KS&amp;R is always working on innovative ways to tell a story and activate insights. Just recently we supported Deloitte in their preparations for #WEF20 in Davos. This work shows how executives are balancing readiness as they transition to Industry 4.0. 
Curb appeal can boost your property value by 7% in a home sale! But what works? What doesn't? We advise our clients and implement smart strategies that capture the MOST ROI for your home. Talk to us: listings@joelnelsongroup.com #DCRealEstate #CurbAppeal 
@ericswalwell @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump Looks like it’s happening. #DocumentsAndWitnesses 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct #people #lol 
@DavidFBrand Never forget 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents 
In fairness, if you were a shady financier ($10mn to settle a pension kickback complaint from the SEC!) and you saw @BernieSanders surging in the polls, you might be anxious too. The important thing is that MSNBC continue to air Rattner’s views. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Who would have thought $AAPL revenues will be boosted by ... AirPods??? 🤩 : Apple posts record revenue on strong AirPod, App sales. #Apple #AAPL 
thinks actually maybe income inequality is not all that bad. &gt; If 3.8 to 1 is too large an income differential, those who favor more redistribution need to explain to the bottom 60% of income-earning households why they should keep working... 
@RadioFreeTom begs to differ. Who do we believe? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN January 25th, 2020 
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like 
🐝🐝🐝😂😂😂Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The CIA’s Former Chief of Disguise Drops Her Mask Entering the Oval with Brent Scowcroft, the national security adviser, and Robert Gates, the CIA director, Ms. Mendez delivered the briefing without raising the slightest suspicion. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@thehill Too late Lindsey, your goose is cooked. 
GM has once again chosen to support Detroit by investing $2.2 billion into its next plant in the city. GM’s new line of electric and self-driving vehicles will be rolling out as early as the fall of 2021 from its retooled Detroit-Hamtramck Assembly plant. 
@realDonaldTrump Randy Perkins donated $500,000 to America First Action, a pro-Trump super PAC. The same PAC was dubbed “Committee 1” in a federal indictment alleging illegal donations from two Rudy Giuliani associates. 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
"Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial" #ImpeachmentTrial #ImpeachmentHoax #GOP #MitchMcCoverup @HouseDemocrats 
Breaking: 
@realDonaldTrump They've been tweaking the interest rates and buying treasury bonds to keep the market artificially inflated for awhile now, thanks to your (inappropriate) pressure. But they can't do it indefininitely. The market is overvalued. 
@LincolnKupchak @corbijo @JoshuaPotash @AlexandraChalup You would literally have to be TRYING to be uniformed to not know. It’s common knowledge. 
Teaser for Hugo Mercier's new book "Not Born Yesterday: The Science of Who We Trust and What We Believe." At least $6 billion will be spent on political campaigns in the U.S. this year. But does all that money make a difference to the results? 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via 
Gone are the days when new hires spent years learning the ropes before being handed important work. The Class of 2019 will be thrown right into the fray. #LiberalArts 
Enlightened 'Minecraft' Character Denies Existence Of Game Designer 
@SteveKrak In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. An opaque autocracy doing damage to its people welfare- self serving mangers who sing &amp; dance with good news , .expect more pain / mismanagement 
@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
“Where will we go?” she says. “You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” 
Be careful out there, folks. @ailworth @wsj #SuperBowl 
New,%20Deadlier%20AR-16%20Introduced%20Which%20Is%20An%20AR-15%20Wearing%20A%20MAGA%20Hat 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@surambaya @Sahel90704060 this is now global phenomenon, consider 
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via 
There was no player held in higher esteem by today’s NBA players than Kobe Bryant 
First things first; Dearest Wife, this is just a joke. There. Now that I know the locks won't be changed before I get home tonight. 
“Netanyahu pledged to act immediately to expand Israel’s borders, telling reporters Tuesday that he would seek a cabinet vote on annexation Sunday.” Nothing like a little unilateral annexation to jump start negotiations. 
: After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
Truth is, we have no way of knowing how many are dead. #coronavirus All authoritarian regimes are opaque. Secrecy can kill. (@)k! "Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster" - @AEIfdp's Wolfowitz &amp; Frost 
Interesting comparative stats re China and Mexico. The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@WriteGrlProbs I don't think I had heard of her before I started seeing the Babylon Bee make fun of her: 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
BREAKING NEWS: McConnell says GOP doesn’t have votes to block impeachment witnesses!! #impeachmenttrial #boltonmusttestify 
Ha! Love this! 
All the MLB has to do to renew their popularity is sign Colin Kaepernick to a team and then bench him. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
All-White Democrat Debate Mistaken For KKK Rally 
And all God's people said, Amen. "Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star," Stormy Daniels, Explains Jim Bakker 
China's censorship helps spread the Coronavirus. For precedent, just look back at attempts to cover up and censor the 1918 breakout of the Spanish flu, which killed millions worldwide. opinion 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN :-) :-) :-) 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
#SEC on #cybersecurity guidance. #cybersec #BioChronometrics #2fa #mfa #yubico #RIA 
Welcome to the the Alt-Right Bernie! Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken | 
The Gospel of a John protecting a John: 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Chris Tomlin Finally Wears Out His Computer's Copy, Paste Shortcut Keys 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
In Preparation For Possible Woman President, White House Staff Begins Loosening All Jar Lids 
China will be the death of us 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
@HillaryClinton: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Harvard Chemistry Dept Chair Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
If you wanted to erode the power of the Federal Government, a slow bankruptcy is a strong long play. Why else are we giving tax cuts? Don’t say for the economy. If that were true, we’d have no issue here and not be afraid to raise rates. # #TaxPolicy 
Doing Business with Myanmar will become increasingly costly to foreign investors &amp; corporations. Transporting commercial sand to Singapore for the Tatmadaw-linked Myawaddy Trading is found illegal under #US sanctions against #Myanmar. #JusticeForRohingya 
He means Vote Him out 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
@nytimes This is a manmade disaster. We are not going to forget how #China was trying to cover this up in December. They arrested 8 people for spreading "rumour" about the virus. Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing was responsible for an initial lack of transparency: 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
Hopefully leaders at #Davos2020 will leave and work on concrete actions to tackle the climate crisis (even if they formulate them on their private jets) 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys #satire #humor 
The chart on website version showing job growth vs housing growth by city is great. Mobile app not showing it for some reason. Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. 
The Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas 
@ehoichi @freemindom @fsugirl05 @damian_mah @iamronlee @jose__carbajal_ @malavemark @strathglass7982 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump This middle class: 
The Middle East has been very active this month. 
Professor @bwerde is quoted in this article about the public dispute between the Recording Academy and CEO Deborah Dugan. “The Grammys are facing a credibility crisis,” Werde says. via 
@SpeakerPelosi aka #TheDrunk I bet you throwing back a few the last couple of days 
Easing rules 
dry commentary on #Salvini, with one minor misunderstanding. Italy is not "abandoning pro-growth economics", it's enacting ANTI growth economics. That helps Salvini, since even the absence of legislation bets current occupants. 
Meanwhile, #MoscowMitch and Republicans secured a sponsorship deal for the trial. 
Why Democracy Is Troubled (and How to Fix It) 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
Sprint Continues to Lose Customers as It Waits for T-Mobile Verdict 
I Am Fun — By Hillary Clinton 
Yes if: 1) You own the plane. 2) You are flying solo. Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
... breaking from @wsj: mcconnell says he does not have the votes to block witnesses. 
Newmont’s push to attract more investors comes after Barrick Gold made inroads with its $6 billion acquisition $NEM $GOLD 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Unintended Perk of the Online Mattress Boom: Never-Ending Free Trials - 
Good news. President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@IvankaTrump If you are a conservative, you will vote these criminals OUT OF OFFICE. #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday ⁦@patrickmadrid⁩ #TeamTaco 
We can watch Fox News ourselves and draw our own opinions without any CNN biased input thank you very much. CNN only proves its own incompetence for journalism. CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Sadly, this is true. 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers by @jensmith 
@FakeEstrusFlask @nat_stylo @QueerGirlEmilie Um, yes? Is that bad? 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Wedding Guest Blissfully Unaware She Barely Made The Cut 
@miles_commodore Report: Judas Iscariot Was Seen At Popeyes Shortly Before Betraying Christ 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) | ... 
What do my fellow social scientists think? #AcademicTwitter #AcademicChatter 
ECB Indicates It Will Leave Negative Rates In Place for Some Time: 
@VonnieCalland @kathy_markovich @Angelaxg5504 It's a parody site: 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he… 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@DrJasonJohnson @MitchellCares @BreeNewsome @briebriejoy @BernieSanders “Slamming the campaign for promoting the popular podcaster’s backing, liberals said Friday that Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election.” 
Honestly would buy. 
@cspanwj #QAnon #WeAreTheNewsNow Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Tomorrow is ⁦@Boeing⁩ Earnings. 
I'm getting the customized Governor "Coonman" Northam model! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers #travel 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Apparently "Sharing the Gospel" is code for Small Penis. 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
Not everything they publish is satire: Forgiving The Man Who Took My Family Hostage: The McGill Alexander Interview 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
If the allegations are true, this professor is in very hot water indeed ... not disclosing significant financial and institutional conflicts to both his University and the US government. Jail time and heavy financial penalties are possible! 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@EmmaVigeland @waposean literally gets his takes from the . Such trash. Wapo lost credibility big time 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
House Democrats didn’t try to compel former national security adviser John Bolton to testify in the impeachment probe of President Trump, avoiding a potentially lengthy court fight via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
@The_Kyle_Mann I've got a story you should read. It's all true. 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
Young Parachurch Missionary Learns ‘Exegesis’ Not The Same As ‘Extra Jesus’ | 
@RepDebDingell John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish January 27th, 2020 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns 
: f58d9d23-49b3-4068-b5ad-b3a246e6f260 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
@teevirus "Stoner architect builds all moat castle" 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
“Not since the 1980s have we seen supply this tight,” said Mark Fleming, an economist at First American Financial Corp. “That’s going to stay around in 2020 and the dynamic there will drive prices higher.” 
Air traffic communications, flight data, and hazardous weather conditions are being examined as the investigation into the helicopter crash on Sunday that killed Kobe Bryant and 8 others gathers steam. 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal via 
@Acosta Fox, Fox, Fox 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
turns out that tRUMP (aka #Dotard, aka #IMPOTUS) is more 'Pro-Birth' than he is 'Pro-Life'. @SykesCharlie @PalmerReport @maddow @SenateGOP @TheLastWord @PressSec 
See how easy that was? All gone. 🤪🤪🤪 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing's Virus Response as Travel Barriers Rise 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery. Most previous diseases affect on stocks did not last very long. It was quite sentimental decision from investors yesterday. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
A synchronized #housing slowdown is a new cloud over #global #growth via 
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
"High fiscal and current-account deficits mean that countries will need to attract more investment from overseas or risk sharp depreciations in their currencies, adding to the cost of debt repayments." @Annaisaac in 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
New era for Fake News @CNN: 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
@HitlerPuncher It sounds like this 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
@MazMHussain @Yair_Rosenberg " The pPalestenians never missed a chance to miss a chance " Sad. + 
Blasphemer Trump: ‘I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
LMAO. "It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 
Micro-fulfillment centers, which use robots to automate picking online grocery orders and are small enough to be in existing stores, are growing in the US; startup @FabricLogistics constructs its first site in the US and plans to have 6 by end of 2020. 
If you're a progressive voter or believe in progressive policies and you are angry at Warren or Sanders for not being in lock step with one another, always remember that they're the same team, because the real enemy certainly won't forget it 
Ignore the Fake Climate Debate - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Some of these just hit too close to home 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Virginia May Kill Right to Work - . The Virginia Governor is going full steam ahead on Communist Dictatorship Rule. Wow 
🎼 You don’t have the votes Huh-huh huh, huh, huh 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For .Infanticide 
“This won’t be a rubber stamp.” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will likely have to strike a deal on the North American trade pact with opposition parties. 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office Check this out #peakers 🤣 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
He's probably vegan or doing keto, too -- he'd tell you all about it, if he could talk... :p 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Brings me to tears!! 😂 #TrumpIsADisgrace 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Massive urbanisation creating cities of tens of millions, rapid transportation in-between &amp; loose regulatory discipline all around: are we really surprised? raises fair questions about the #Coronavirus &amp; future implications: #China #globalmobility 
Sometimes, corporate ethos and music blur together 
The Impeachment Soap Opera has been picked up for another season! @RealDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @parscale @Scavino45 @MariaBartiromo @IngrahamAngle @trish_regan @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @JudgeJeanine @PrisonPlanet @dbongino 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Get yours before they are all gone! Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
"Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her." 
Taylor Swift’s ‘Lover’ Wins Grammy For Best Children’s Album 
Trump's impeachment defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
To quote my always sympathetic &lt;&lt;cough - cough!&gt;&gt; Drill Instructor would say when our asses was dragging: “Poor F—king Pussy” - then proceed to PT us to death! LOL! 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Mcconnell Doesn'T Have Votes To Block Witnesses 
@groundshy Still the safest way to travel:) 
XPO Logistics desired more sales, and made effort on strategic alternatives through advises from top operators and advisers. #6029 @SOPHIA33277 Company hires financial advisers as it shifts from buyer to seller in freight logistics market 来自 
@godless_mom Oldie but goodie 
Justice Department Believes It Should Have Ended Surveillance of Trump Adviser Earlier 
@lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @SONADORLIVESON @808constituent @jdd2169 @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @Michael16862235 @QuareFellas @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge Checkmate Lou. 
They’ve been airing free commercials for anyone on the left for years it’s about time they threw on our way. CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
👀Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies 
@KizzyMae1969 Besides my broken English (there *go* Trumps plans)... reporting he doesn't have the votes. 
.Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
#ChuckSchumer said Mr. #Bolton’s allegation “essentially confirms the president committed the offenses charged in the 1st article of #impeachment” He added:“How can Senate Republicans not vote to call that witness &amp; request his documents?” #BoltonTestify 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call for new laws 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' The televangelist ended his broadcast by wagering that there were probably “many, many more” sex-industry workers like Daniels who could tell a similarly inspiring story about President Trump 
Equal work for all! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
#Trump #ImpeachmentSham #JohnBolton #CorruptGOP McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Abolish Asia's 'Wet Markets,' Where Pandemics Breed 
: fe033b84-acf6-4169-ba49-3db199bc1bc7 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN h/t @instapundit 
@Jack_Sanders1 @RadicalLib @RadicalLib You are not alone in discontent. 😉 
: 18332ad1-0255-46b1-a949-0e4441f5556f 
Kobe Bryant Was Michael Jordan for Today’s NBA Players - #DRJAMESKEOUGH #KobeBryant #KobeBryantRIP #KobeHero 
Also, this is a great application for this classic article from the . If only those plebes who live in central neighborhoods had gotten on buses (where they belong) instead of crowding KB’s 49-mile drive, he wouldn’t have _had_ to take a helicopter. 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads - 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial 
No serious observer denies that human beings are making the planet warmer. The real climate debate is about how we should respond to the challenge, writes @TedNordhaus. via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians - 
This is laughable, a charlatan talking about an immoral idiot being godly. 🤣🤣😂😂🤣 
@ScottyMuir_ @PhilaPhilosophy @PatrickAraya95 haha, obviously this guy: 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
By 2030, the US national #debt will be about the size of GDP, CBO projects, following several rounds of #tax cuts and sustained increases in spending via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
markets: Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. Attention ⁦@hillens⁩ ⁦@benjaminksacks⁩ ! 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Looming Treasury Bill Shortage Creates Problem for Fed, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
This needs the rolling on the floor laughing emoji. 🤣 
“Maybe it’s just been over­taken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main nar­ra­tive is not one of Amer­i­can decline.” 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@brianstelter Holy shit the joke became reality. 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Volkswagen Warns Auto Industry Downturn Is Worsening 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Impeach collins and romney. It is almost the same as un-electing them. When they seek re-election of their own. Crooks. $Money$,comes first. And the U.S.A. citizens opinion and vote come last.. 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, in the latest sign the home-sales market is picking up steam after a slow start to 2019. 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@Ghousertatt @Arriadna FACT: debt at record high: 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians Pales­tin­ian Au­thor­ity Pres­i­dent Mah­moud Ab­bas re­jected the plan. “We re­jected this deal from the start and our stance was cor­rect,” 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
The recent influx of investors seeking safe haven in US Treasuries could be due to a deadly virus outbreak in China, reports . 
Brutal. Turns out the root cause for the Kobe accident was because the helicopter wasn't equipped with commonly available tech costing &lt;$40K. Staying current matters. Same with cars: new ones are way safer than those even 10 years old. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @tunkuv 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
This ~~&gt; McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - HEY PEOPLE CALL YOUR SENATORS NOW ~~&gt; 844-311-5030 #thebeat 
@hwhittenwrites Reminds me of this article 
Bolton is, in a sense, Trump's worst nightmare: someone who actually will testify about the facts of the case. The one thing that Trump's defenders never want to talk about. #SenateTrial #BoltonTestify 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Demanding To Know Why He Allowed President Trump To Get Elected, Dems Subpoena God 
Oh, Murgatroyd! ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,’ Explains Jim Bakker 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 👏 👏👏👏👏👏Bravo. 
Local Man With No Detectable Spiritual Gifts Assigned To Parking Lot Ministry &lt;&lt;&lt; this is totally me. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching #ImpeachmentTrial 
A more dangerous EBR...eeeeeek! 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The #robots are trying to get deeper into your grocery order. #Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers #supplychain #logistics #procurement #manufacturing 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
THE BEE JUST KKEPS ON GETTING BETTER! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Yu know... I've studied those other 79 attempts, and they just did not do it right! There are all manner of details that they got completely wrong, and if we were to just zig and zag the right way.... Utopia!!!! 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Legit. MSM Ambulance Chasers lost business today. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct - 
Trump Suffering Horrible Indigestion After Eating Fresh, Well-Prepared State Dinner Meal | 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
I can think of 53 who need to be replaced. #TrumpImpeachment 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign ⁦@donlemon⁩ ⁦@TheRickWilson⁩ you guys are SO NICE 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. Immigrants must be financially self supporting. Great idea to ensure immigrants are not a drain on the country’s welfare programs. 
#Industry4.0 technologies continue to reshape the world, but how are business leaders capitalizing on the opportunities while managing their responsibilities toward the society? #ReadinessReport #4IR 
Heard on the Street: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Much simpler this way ! 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. #CoronaOutbreak 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via danger correspondent @ailworth 
Decelerating growth remains tailwind for REITS. 
@GOP pissing away our future. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Witnesses coming, 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) Yep 
Story is above all telling as to how many countries simply brushed off US policy in our own back yard. China, Russia, UAE, sure, to be expected. But Turkey and India basically laughed in our face. Unpleasant. #MAGA indeed. 1/2 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
After months of waiting, the Trump administration unveils its Israeli-Palestinian plan on a day when Trump is on trial in the Senate and Netanyahu has an indictment filed against him on three corruption cases. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Peace plan without the Palestianians at the table = more of the same. 
This is so very cool! She’s 75, and a Step Ahead of Her Competition - 
Idaville Detective 'Encyclopedia' Brown Found Dead In Library Dumpster 
Sharing a Leadership perspective from our own CEO @dhelfrich21. Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Well I'll be.... #CatholicTwitter 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #impeachment 
How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy 
It is too late for Americans to flee Wuhan. Great chance they will spread the virus if they do. 
@YesThatAnna @Quillette Excellent article! I don't know why, but the entire time i was reading it i kept thinking of this: 
Manufacturer 3M will cut 1,500 jobs after reporting a drop in earnings in the latest quarter. via 
Letters: No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California via 
America's Finest News Source - says so right at the top. Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
In December, reported that the FTC is addressing #antitrust concerns related to how Facebook’s apps interact: We learned recently via @ABAesq that tech companies are likely to be further scrutinized. Read more: #anticompetition 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. Via ⁦@KonradPutzier⁩ ⁦⁩ #cre #realestate #proptech 
‘He Is a Dictator’ Nadler let me 'splain you dictators If we were the United Socialist States of America and a dictatorship you would be in a re-education camp to learn how not to say bad things about El Jefe! 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 👮‍♂️ 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@Jiao_Lab now all over the news. Here: 
So that's why he paid all that hush money. He was just trying to quietly do his good works. Shut up, pharisee. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Masks are less effective, as these #droplets can travel farther and in unpredictable paths affected by wind and other gusts. The droplets can be inhaled around the sides of the masks. #Coronavirus #Masks 
Please let THIS headline be true. 
Meanwhile in DC, @SenatorRomney gets busted for bringing @byu #byu Creamery chocolate milk onto the senate floor during impeachment hearings. He pours it in a glass and that's OK. Via @wsj 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales. A proposito di oceano blu.... Leggere fino in fondo 
@Grummz harvard professor (jewish) arrested by dept of defense for selling biological secrets to China 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
That young gal sure gives Veruca Salt a run for her money! 
He IS at least trying to call out his supporters. Sad state of affairs. 😢💔 Sanders Aims for Positive Campaign, but Allies Don’t Always Follow - 
Congress Approves $3 Billion In Military Aid For Netanyahu To Defend Self Against Israeli Justice System 
Williamson Backs Yang in Iowa, Says Sanders, Warren 'Would Make Spectacular Presidents' via 
Sometimes I don't know if is a spoof anymore. Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Are you aware that even today, in America, churches are segregated? The endorsement of slavery and condemnation of dark-skinned people in the Bible makes Christianity a fundamentally racist religion. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Greed is not good. Never. Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
What an embarrassing spectacle at @CNN 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Colleagues in the @ucdavis Math Dept might not think they have a need to hire faculty able to address the needs of underrepresented minorities. They certainly have the academic freedom to push for hiring priorities &amp; funding that better reflect those views 
“Frantic impeachment managers thought about pushing things back a day so as not to be eclipsed by Taco Tuesday, but then impeachment would just be eclipsed by Wing Wednesday.” 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
@caitlynkim Placed against this excerpt of what happened in that lunch meeting, this Gardner quote is pretty damn disingenuous. #copolitics #cosen 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate vía 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Top 5 Most Hilarious Christian Comedies Of All Time 
Former Sen Al D’Amato New York Lobbying Firm Settles on Allegations of #Somalia Sanctions Violations - 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
A bunch of liberal media and it's followers, who don't know any better. Here is Joe's confest: 
How can you not like these guys??? 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down as she faces challenges in her personal life, an internal memo said, marking a leadership change at the dating app-company months before its planned spinoff. 
Tech-Focused Private-Equity Firms Pursue Billions as Sector Deals Rise - see more 
Apple Was Headed for a Slump. Then It Had One of the Biggest Rallies Ever. - 
markets: Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
@cnn are you okay with this? 
@MZHemingway It’s all brilliant. 
@krazyheartss @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Iowa Voters in Obama-Trump County ‘Open-minded’ About 2020 Election #video #news #klout 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Personally, I think all cruises should be cancelled in general. For like, ever. 🤮 Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages reports ⁦⁩ 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
I... I... I... I can’t tell the difference anymore. 😢 
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. via 
He doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses. #ImpeachmentTrial McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India - The Wall Street Journal 
@ishirubi Lolz...agreed. 
Subhan Allah. FBI concludes 15 year investigation on Muslims after finding Muslims having "beautiful culture". @ZaidZamanHamid @OryaMaqboolJan @MAbdullahGul @Shahidmasooddr @DrZakirN @Hafiz__S @CallSignMujahid @Faisals63208902 @Haqeeqat_TV @zarrarmalik 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Derek Jeter: ‘I Will Never Enter This Part Of The City Again’ 
Talent, training, automation and cybersecurity emerge as top concerns for tech executives responding to CIO Journal’s end-of-year survey via #IBMWORKDAYCANADA 
An insightful look into key players in the political asshattery. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@giufuliafa @HeerJeet Bernie isn't doing that by touting an endorsement to show that he has widespread appeal. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😂😂😂😂😂 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
HYSTERICAL!! LMAO!! ' #Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #StormyDaniels #Trump #GOP #MAGA #KAG 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
I am safe in a coronavirus-free-zone! 
Everyone Loses on Huawei - 
is awesome and so is this!! 😂👏😂 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
An excellent article on the importance of reading to infants 
markets: The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
@SenSchumer We have the facts right here, Chuckie. Pelosi blew it. The end. 
Church Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade (full story)~&gt; 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
“La­tency ar­bi­trage raises costs for in­vestors by mak­ing every­one in the mar­kets less likely to post com­pet­i­tive price quotes for stocks...That, in turn, means in­vestors get slightly worse prices when­ever they buy or sell shares, traders say.” 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial. 
@SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump Remind him of this... in November the House decided not to subpoena Bolton. 
What a time to be alive, when a Christian satirical site offers the most perceptive takes on US politics. Boiled down to its essence, impeachment is nothing more than the losers from 2016 trying to change the result. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar Absolutely perfect. The stream of lies for years is now culminating in his Virtuoso Lying Fest on the Senate floor. One has to question his delusion and refusal to accept truth 
Is this a joke? Either way, it will be. CNN expects this new format to lead to improved ratings. 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure - “The near-collapse of the nuclear deal and growing threats from the U.S. have vindicated Supreme Leader’s narrative that Washington could not be trusted,”said Hossein Mousavian 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial #ImpeachmentTrial 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
@Veritas_2016 @Roadeyez @Theodora500AD @wispylashes @bearguy51p @OldBabyDave Yes, you are voting for sanders. He’s leading the polls in the first 3 states. Historically, that’s a lock for the party nominee And yes, he will be raising taxes. To 50 or even 70%. 
If there’s one thing gets criticized for, it’s that we never make fun of AOC. So we decided to use our most finely-honed satire skills on her and produced what is perhaps our magnum opus. I’m really proud of this one. 
yeah YOU #LilSchitt ASSWIPE! the #LibCommies are going to tamper with it as usual! and no arrests! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone #MAGA #TRUMP 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China #NationalSecurity #coronavirus 
.@SEC_Enforcement Urges Better #Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms. #Regulator details strong safeguards it has observed at companies it oversees. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Big news. McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop Bolton. Now for the next step: trump will go to court to prevent Bolton. Thank you to Mitt Romney for courageously spearheading the effort to get the votes. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Angela Merkel’s likely successor wants more defense spending and overseas deployments. 
It's amazing to watch how easily the #democrats can play #republican Senators with a planted story in the @nytimes. @SenSchumer "If you don’t believe the newspaper report, call the witnesses,”. The "newspaper" equals "evidence"? 
An oldie, but a goodie. 
Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations 
As always, the new series takes place within the United Federation of Planets, a utopian intergalactic society that apparently exists somehow without the... 
Gotta love them tacos! Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
: Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
“We must diligently defend our electoral process against electoral outcomes we do not like.” 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses!!! Bring on Bolton and others!! 👍👍👍👍 
Today was a busy bankruptcy filing day. Here is my latest story: Gastrobar operator Bar Louie abruptly closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders. via Bankruptcy 
"I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has." &lt;--That sums up the Democratic Party right there. 
@DonaldJTrumpJr @DonaldJTrumpJr What about this money you got. 
@luvlifemore @SaolDara @zarahsultana And if you want to know who the real Gangsters are. Omar Karsou was my best friend and business partner so I know a thing or two.... 
I just can’t. . . 
Taco Bell Unveils New Taco With Shell Made From Doritos Bags 
@RepAdamSchiff BREAKING: 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
I thought that was Spence from "King of Queens"... Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary | 
When satire becomes reality... 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
Tech Earnings Will Test Rally in Growth Stocks Microsoft, Facebook and Apple, among other companies, will report results this week 
Virus Sparks Soul Searching Over Chinas Wild Animal Trade 
@ZaslowShow Zas I think you may like this article 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses the end of this administartion is at hand the the demaray[-ts along with the ballless gopp lety it happen 
Lynch, are you kidding, Joe is honesty? Please see this link for Joe's Ukraine chart: 
May The Fleas Of 1,000 Camels. Rest In His Bed. 
Saudi Prince Courted Amazon’s Bezos Before Bitter Split. 
@JimBakkerShow Tammy may have believed you with that #Bullshit. But we don't. #HasBeen #AnotherTrumpsFelons 
"In the 1950s, a mink coat was seen as being the quintessential sign of wealth and aspiration"—but times have changed 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
#coronavirus might be coming to Ontario, California as US evacuation plan changed, take toll from San Francisco to Ontario, California. Pray for passengers return safely and healthy. Government please keep this under control 🙏 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks: 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
And the is now cancelled. 
#WR: #WR: Till now, Apple always finds the way to generate revenues. via 
“I pray that we can get to a place where we can stop saying the first black this and the first black that.” @rayalexsmith 
Impeachment Needs Witnesses on Both Sides by @Peggynoonannyc 
Rev Run reflects on his upbringing in Queens, N.Y., his father’s poetry and why basketball and rap are the same 
Growing at maximum speed is now 'less of a thing.' #entrepreneurs #startups 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Even though this is "", it hits home. 
$MTCH She did a phenomenal job. This is a big loss for Match. 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians...did the Palestinians have a decision in this like Netanyahu did @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
@UrLocalDaddie @DigiVorr @Shav1962 @CRKittle @annableigh @Flattielover @VetResistSquad @QDecoder @donnnie @TaraCam74631745 @HouseOfJames2 @phil_mckraken @ReaI_Patriots @CunningMarshal @PersevereEver @gorillastyle @Politinfo @TrumpSugar @DanFoc77 @Hildolfr3 @akvawe66 @calijeff1 @QuidRises @misshellcav2 @DavidMo62241953 @TiredOf_UrCrap2 @RGanley @WindsorTrader33 @zaharias19 @SumiNemo169 @alterhan @PhilipEMSkinne1 @Pittstock @DectiveSamSpade @288talk @scenic_route819 @J_man63 @dastevedaver @DrSMDHdaily @Visitor22 @NavyVetResister @GSquirrelPatton @americanationa1 @NoFacebookForMe @ThereseOSulliv2 @USNavyMomPA @amvetsupport @VetResistsTrump @SadieTNResist @NightlyPolitics If you want to know what Mexico thinks read the NYT's. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @FOX28News FULL ARTICLE IN THREE PHOTOS BELOW 
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan - 
Leading Democratic candidates are betting on states that will be part of a slate of Super Tuesday contests and other March primaries. 
Anti-monopoly momentum is growing. #BreakUpBigTech 
“It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 😂 the has been resembling reality so much this past year. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians vía 
Managing access controls and scanning outgoing data for inside information are among the SEC’s top cybersecurity practices 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
We really do live in the stupidest of times. (Courtesy: 's @lindsaywise) 
@JoeBags720 I can totally see this happening: 
@WillDarrell @_Mississipp1_ @Liz_Cheney @RepAdamSchiff Take time to read through our time line and research the facts on your own...you will see you are being lied to 
Close without CA approval!!This state is a joke. Nothing gets done. They will come around when consumers in every other state benefit from the merger. Is .@sprint a public utility,legally 🤔California Regulators a Potential Obstacle to T-Mobile, Sprint 
@MobilePunch @MBuhari please confirm this statement, then I'll know what to comment. 
Because that will make things better... #coronavirus #virus #science #Healthcare #Health #worldhealth #China #Wuhan #wuhanvirus #America From Discover on Google 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
4/5 High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
"Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities" Smart video catches how "agglomeration" works, with a focus on NYC @aaronzitner @davidmlanham 
@JimBakkerShow, just because Trumpinski was taking the Lord's name in vain does not make it a holy event. He committed ADULTERY! That is a sin in the bible. You might want to read up on that! Such a Pseudo Christian! 
Why Baby Boomers Are Their Own Worst Workplace Enemy - named 1 of 5 best #babyboomers posts of 2016 #blogging 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
@almostjingo "Beijing has denied any systematic effort to steal American scientific research, and Chinese state media have called U.S. allegations of intellectual-property theft a political tool." Does ANYONE in the US with half a brain believe this?👆 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
Best #ONION satire in a long time. 
Geez. The man guilty of the BIGGEST MEDICARE FRAUD IN HISTORY is accusing someone else of ugly behavior? Repugnikants have no shame. Tailor made ad for Facebook.&gt;Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
U.S. MANUFACTURER 3M to cut more jobs as industrial slowdown persists: 
😂 This Guy 😆 
$JNJ CEO testifies on baby powder. 
Nuts, I thought this was real for a moment. Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health...Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding...WTH..ENOUGH IS ENOUGH 
Good one... 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Horrified by 's use of the hashtag "#oboeyoudidnt" but thrilled to see ASO's inclusion in this piece on employee musical groups in tech: 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
: c6feefe9-83ea-4466-be5c-cf18b135073f 
: Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
The UKG’s decision to work with Huawei threatens US national security &amp; cannot be overlooked. Post-BREXIT, the UK will need to make hard choices about where it’s future lies. Rejecting Brussels only then to choose Beijing is a damnable choice. 
@BrandonSharks @pinksunshineday The stock market is one big bubble right now. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early! 
@jennylstirling We have this going for us 
@realDonaldTrump No, Americans are not better off. Cutting our Social Security and Medicare is not the answer. And you’ve done nothings to tackle debt. Remember “Oh, you people are going to be so rich!”? Most of us knew you were lying. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Latest from 
"Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election." 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Time to laugh! 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Priorities! 
Was that before trump raw dogged her or after? 
Ultrasound Unable To Detect Heartbeat In New York State Legislators | 
🎧 Listen: In today’s What’s News podcast, our journalists discuss the latest on China’s coronavirus outbreak and the Trump impeachment trial 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview 
"After the police got the shoelaces off her neck, AOC said, “Duh! I like socialism!” and then turned and walked into a tree" 
Report: There Are Still Incorrect Opinions On The Internet Despite Local Man's Best Efforts | 
Travis Kalanick, the co-founder of the popular app Uber, has decided to liquidate his share of the company entirely. #compliance #companynews 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Teen Crafting Marketable Persona In Garage Hoping To One Day Win Grammy 
In Major Deal, The #BabylonBee Purchases Competing #Satire Site #CNN 
“I would have loved to attend some roundtables on globalization or the future of trade, but it’s like 90% panels on running underage prostitutes” Nice to still is alive! 
@lunibin @BernieSanders Less than this. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Trump goes down. Nixon resigned about this time during Watergate. GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Doctors Discover Purpose Of Appendix Is To Contain Human Soul #MedFunnies 
For more world-renowned reportage, visit 
We all know @SenRickScott can afford it. After all, his company was involved in the largest Medicare Fraud scandal in US history. He let @AGPamBondi take a $25k bribe from Trump to avoid prosecution in exchange for an endorsement in 2018. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Google: “HQ2 is the opposite of what we are trying to do." San Jose residents aren't so sure. Smart, nuanced reporting on the intersection of Big Tech and affordable housing from @malas_n and @realrobcopeland 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Kamala Harris Didn’t Act for 5 Years on Policy to Help Ensure Fair Trials - 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@slpeds @pamileann @OregonMuse @brianstelter Don’t worry, CNN is about to get good again: 
@CNN @cnnbrk can you confirm? // In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery via 
Inside Google’s push to amass millions of patient records via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@nytimes @PeteButtigieg @TheRoot @tytinvestigates @michaelharriot @jtlarsen When wine cave cash is not enough: "Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach; Head of talent and cybersecurity aides depart, and some nonwhite staffers criticize a lack of inclusivity," 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
@AmoneyResists They scratched the surface 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - The Wall Street Journal 
How a tech company’s top two bosses took paternity leave at the same time, and everyone benefited via More new fathers are getting a taste of the pressures that working mothers have faced for decades. @biz @alexisohanian @PattyArquette @manishm345 
Once Again - Parody Trumps Truth: Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Why is this exactly my dad with @CecilyTynan ?!? 🤣🤣🤣 you have a huge fan here in South Jersey, Cecile! 
As my friend Matt Arnold says *snork*. When I ran for office I often said I was Pro Choice including retroactively. Just as long as I was the one to choose. N.B. That was a Joke. New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
: 6f8df88b-3942-4058-a844-7382f06b4cff 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis - great scoop by @lindsaywise and @siobhanhughes on the GOP vote count for witnesses via 
Lease-Accounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
There are cracks starting to form on the @GOP facade. 
🤣 ... Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
From opinion: The coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Hospitals Give Tech Giants Access to Detailed Medical Records #EHR #medtech 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker I’ve can now say I’ve truly heard it all! 😂😂😂 
Heightened US security focus on Iranian Travelers @GlobalCRL @hand 
Heh! Points made. AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Very interesting article I came across! Recommended read for anyone who is interested in political stories #EDPT204 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Can you picture Donald tRump reading the bible to Stormy? No, I can't either. 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Charles Murray first blamed poverty on lazy Blacks, then on morally inferior Whites, and now on #Genetics. 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Snopes needs to fact check this pronto! "In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN" 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' | 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. The only time @realDonaldTrump uttered “Jesus Christ” was at the unbridled stupidity of Jim Bakker fellow thief and criminal 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
I need to be very clear with this story. THIS IS NOT ONE OF MY SATIRE TWEETS, like I put up a few minutes ago. This is a legit news story. This thread is about religion and society. Sunday Special #1 She was only saying "Oh, God" because he paid her. 
The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler via 
@kathy_markovich BB is satire, in case anyone doesn't know. Case in point What's funny is we're living in a timeline where we really can't tell what's real and what's satire anymore because the two are so fucking close.... 
Matthew, Mark, Luke and Dong? 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via 
lol I can relate 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor *Satire* (kinda) 
Babylonbee Impeachment Hearings Update . . . Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
markets: Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Six Days in the Senate: How Democrats, Trump Team Tried the Impeachment Case @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
“Egypt calls on the two relevant parties to undertake a careful and thorough consideration of the US vision to achieve peace and open channels of dialogue, under US auspices.” Now we see what was behind all Trump’s sucking up to al-Sisi. 
#Schiff has been repeating the same lies for the last 24hrs. His opening statement should have been 20 minutes. Did someone remind him he doesn't get OT? 
If I had an AR-15, I’d definitely update to this new, more lethal model. New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
I now go to the website daily for news as satire is now truth. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down - 
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal. 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
, which has supplanted the NYT as America's Paper of Record 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
@maygilbert @HawaiiDelilah @MAFgeek @Politidope Braun is a fairly thoughtful old-school R. Classic Hoosier, decent sort. He handled that Parnas photo deftly, with candor, without hostility. Hmm Young is hard right, yet with some interesting positions on occasion. 
Asked by his friend where in the world he gets these crazy ideas, he replied, “My dad.” 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating #art #joke 
Doesn't get old 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Global home prices &amp; housing investment are slowing, threatening to harm economic expansion worldwide. Affordability concerns and geopolitical tensions have kept away some would-be home buyers and pushed down prices, via @sechaney 
Spectacular! Sleazy televangelist excon grifter takes it next level. It's an art form. While only complete fucking morons or seriously demented old white people would swallow this swill, we must acknowledge a simple truth: Bakker is an artist. 
And there it is! I’m now a believe 🤪 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
The Tax Increases to Come - - They’re talking DEMS Here 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
Taylor Swift Releases New Song 'I Kissed A Girl And You'll Like It Or Else You're A Disgusting Bigot' | 
@flowfocus Weren't leveraged #HedgeFunds bailed out by the #Fed #Repo operations and #NotQE? Given that #MoralHazard, of course they're going to leverage up even more. 🤦‍♀️ 
This is incredible. 
1-#SupremeCourt Justice #NeilGorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions—The Justice rebukes the growing practice of lower courts ruling beyond the parties 2 a specific case.The lower courts will con­sider the mer­its of the “pub­lic charge” rule,... 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” YES!!!!!!!!! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - via @retailwire #retail @Apple 
On Irish Isle Inis Meáin, local tradition is kept alive: 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@IvankaTrump @SBAgov Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #MAGA #TRUMP 
The U.N enables Cuba’s slave doctors. Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG 
: 3124e128-b3c4-4115-afec-9a0529bfa041 
Kidnapped Teen Freed, Though Freedom Is Its Own Kind Of Prison, Is It Not? 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
😂😂😂 Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
What. A. Shock. 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid di 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Refinancing Boom Fuels Mortgages to Postcrisis Record - ATM $ 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Executives Try to Assess Financial Impact of Coronavirus Measures 
@Harvard is overrated anyway... 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Great work .@realDonaldTrump ! Great tax cuts! Passing on the pain to the rest of U.S. #MAGA2020 
Our nation's crassly discourteous youth. Accept it with a smile and stuff it in a closet, you ingrate brats. "The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat 
Mercenaries from Russia and Turkey continue to flood Libya despite a Western-backed cease-fire. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
1) A NYSE #Hindenburgomen using a basic definition (as well as a Nasdaq Titanic Syndrome) triggered today with 111 new 52W highs and 102 new 52W lows. Not perfect (and often ridiculed due to their names) - e.g. a big cluster of Nasdaq ... #SPX #NDX 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN | 
Good that @SecAzar is leading from the front but all this will be seen as indecision in retrospect if the cases in the U.S. increase significantly or if screening fails at even a small rate. 
It's me, I'm Coworker With Two Computer Screens Not Fucking Around 
After multiple winning court cases over Bayer’s Roundup causing Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, the #EPA and #WhiteHouse are now backing the corporation: #Trump #Food #GMO #Monsantopapers #glyphosate #roundup 
@Alain_Deckers @hhesterm @MerliAless @NvOndarza Can't forget this from @TomFairless's article from Nov. 2016: "The registration web page for one recent corporate reception offered the choice of 35 titles, including “Prof. Dr. Dr.h.c.P.” 
Scientists Abandon Search For Bill Nye's Credibility 
Charles Lieber, chair of @Harvard's chemistry department, allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
.@potus @realdonaldtrump unveals his Middle East Peace Deeeeeeeeeeeel: "I gave @Netanyahu what he wants because he named a train station after me. I told the Palestinians to fuck off because they're Arabs. It's the biggest deeeeeeeeel ever!!" via 
Finally, we may get some answers to eliminate doubt. Did Trump do it or not? Then based on witnesses and evidence, Senators can make an informed decision. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Without help, skin starts to lose its function as a barrier against infection around middle age via 
Reposting this as a reminder to stay humble 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
this article from 2015 is a timeless classic lol 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - Nick Timiraos foreshadows Fed thinking, Barron’s reports $26b reduction in Jan., squeezing liquidity ⁦@LanceRoberts⁩ ⁦@michaellebowitz⁩ ⁦@DiMartinoBooth⁩ ⁦@SoberLook⁩ 
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses via 
The curbs on travel are some of the most extreme measures ever taken, including those enacted during the worst of the severe acute respiratory syndrome epidemic in 2003. via 
“The sen­ti­ment that gov­ern­ment de­ci­sions are be­ing held be­hind closed doors isn’t go­ing to sup­port pub­lic con­fi­dence.” 
Trump's cutting wherever he can hes slashing foreign aid slashing money to the UN he Is trying to get it straightened out 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Jesus würde sicher hinter dem 2%-Ziel stehen. Asked what gives her the self-confidence to undertake such a dramatic reshaping of Germany’s approach to the world, AKK highlights her faith. “It helps me to know that there is God and that I trust in God,” 
Man Regrets Wasting Money On College After Failing To Secure Perfect Dream Life By 24 
I see we're ending the day with a strong dose of Late Capitalism™️ | Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
@HaggertyTaupier @KapitalistPiggy @Jimmytw20876022 @MrBiv @marklevinshow Lol. House Democrats didn’t try to compel former national security adviser John Bolton to testify in the impeachment probe of President Trump, avoiding a potentially lengthy court fight via 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
I can see it😉 Gotta love the 🐝 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years 😧 
PERFECT!!! The NAILS it yet again! 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades - smarts from ⁦@felschwartz⁩ &amp; ⁦@mgordonwsj⁩ 
'#Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. I just fucking can't. Fucking lunatics, all of them. 
🤣🤣🤣🤣 Read the last line of this and see if you don't agree! 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
'here you go, dear. Equality is awesome, isn't it?' Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@SethDillon Ackchyually, Hitler didn’t even LIKE Trump: 
Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela via 
: 4cbcccc1-ca57-4427-b4ac-2a49277d47bf 
: 5f9cb141-dbff-457d-998f-a25ce6e3509e 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Politics Newsletter: The White House confronts a big impeachment X factor, new details about Trump's Middle East peace plan, and Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus" 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Apps Help Strangers Have a Baby, Romance Optional. A new kind of online service matches people who want to have children, but not necessarily romance. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Satire 
The crime: Mitt Romney, on the senate floor, with the chocolate milk. #impeachment "Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor" 
Harvard’s Chemistry &amp; Chemical Biology Chair was charged today for lying about his work for China. • Worked with and was paid $50k monthly by Wuhon University since 2012 • Specializes in nanoscience &amp; nanotech including tech used for infectious viruses 
@ceciliavfx Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Obama Boasts That Obamacare Has Reduced Health Care Costs By Lowering Life Expectancy: 'Thank Me For That' 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Well, y'know, there's this. 
The world is being crazy! 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects Thanks #TrumpIsGuilty 
Harvard chemistry chairman Charles Lieber has been arrested, after he allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
LOL: "After Senseless Murder Of #Goliath, #Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings"~&gt; 
Biden Tax Plan Raises Most Money From Top 0.1% of Households, Study Finds via 
Melting Giraffe #Congressman Warns #Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister #art #humor 
“This is a small sample of China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off American technology and knowhow for Chinese gain.” China has done the same in Australia Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father . 
@shamazing79 He’s just doing his part for the cause: 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
China's censorship helps spread the virus #nCoV #WuhanPneumonia #coronavirus 
The John Bolton Report 
Ocasio-Cortez Hosts Instagram Live Video While Casually Assembling 12-Piece Paw Patrol Puzzle 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
#Biden, #Burisma and the #Obama Administration Why didn’t White House lawyers manage the Ukraine conflict of interest? 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
Op-Ed: We Can No Longer Tolerate An Economic System Where The Rich Get Richer And The Poor Also Get Richer 😎😎 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
You have got to be kidding me. This can't be right, can it? 🤣 
Did the Babylon Bee also buy CNN’s Covington HS lawsuit for malfeasance and incompetence 
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. via 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via @SNarayan1990 @udaimehta 
Dallas News Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
NETFLIX CHANGES MARKETING STRATEGIES, LAY OFFS COMING On the heels of the 2018 announcement the Obama's signed with Netflix... 
NEW: Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Is Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Bakker was imprisoned and a con. He and Trump have much in common. Con men and snake oil salesman. #TruthMatters 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Illinois; guess which party? 
is spoof "News" article. This one is rather good 😏 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
An interesting data point for the advocates and critics of unilateral US disengagement from China. As with the AIIB membership decision under the previous administration(s), not even the US' closest allies can be convinced to support its policies on CN. 
Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the Wuhan virus, as it was for SARS in 2003. via 
@WEarlBrown @TheRickWilson An eternal mystery: 
For a company transitioning to providing services, it appears that device sales are still buoying revenues. Also interesting to see how many people may not buy the first 5G iPhones. #BCNMI 
@Doc_0 The reason the Guardian Council sends their flying monkeys (aka the media) after so often isn't because they're fake news, but because they're actually not. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Devin Archer, Hunter Biden - Burisma Board Christopher Heinz, Senator John Kerry Stepson Chris Heinz, college roommate Devin Archer Devin Archer, Chris Heinz, Hunter Biden investment firm; Rosemont Seneca Partners @JoeBiden , @JohnKerry 🛏️ No wonder 
This is how we end the stigma. Hey there, #CannabisCarl 💚🌿 Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
McConnell AND Pelosi both deserve the same hall of shame fate! Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
And the source of inspiration for one of the finest @The articles ever: 
@katewillett Ya think? 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Just joking Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Well, this is interesting and explains why my kids typically run in the 97* range. I just thought all of our thermometers were broken! 
Francisco Partners is in the market for capital and aims to raise more than $5 billion for a new buyout fund focused on technology 
😡I need my Texas folks to help me fight this! 
New York City Bill Would Let Green Card Holders Vote in Local Elections 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
$PFE Pfizer’s New Drugs Surge as Strategy Shifts 
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
Might work ... 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday . Mmmmmm-Taco Tuesday!!! 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
: Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws - #internet #policy 
Very interesting perspective! via 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
Debt levels across sub-Saharan Africa (minus South Africa) have risen to ~50% of GDP with interest payments rising from $1.6bn in 2015 to $4.3bn in 2020. Yikes. 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
@gaijingirl2004 This is even better: #Bernie2020 #MedicareForAll 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
A man who knows whereof he speaks. 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. via 
PBS Snooze Hour 
Bravo and thanks to reporter @SueS for her pioneering 30-year career reporting on work/life issues. As a #workingmother, I deeply appreciate the opportunity to read stories of how other people manage the many demands of being a working parent. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via #BoltonMustTestify 75% of Americans want witnesses. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@KatDemocracy @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The #SEC is the latest of regulators to raise concern around #cybersecurity practices. In its report, the SEC provides guidelines on how financial-services co's should handle sensitive data &amp; safeguard itself against cyber attacks: via @JimRundle 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@resonantarc @CasenSperry @NightSkyPrince_ @StoopLeonhart I wouldn’t be surprised if we were to find out that this is how bad the management at Square Enix actually is. LOL 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
: Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Finally, reality hits. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
@CarisSevern @mmpadellan Remember that Trump is 1st POTUS impeached on by a partisan effort... not a single GOP House member joined us but we don’t care cause we have #LiberalHate and despise Trump for #MAGA #WhatWeLiberalsProudlyIgnore 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn Exactly! #WhitewashMitch #MoscowMitch #IMPOTUS #ConvictTrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpUkraine 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Congratulations to ⁦@DonYoungAK⁩, ⁦@SenDanSullivan⁩, ⁦@lisamurkowski⁩, This is one thing the GOP will be able to brag about for along time. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
.@wsj: "Chemistry, nanotechnology, polymer studies, robotics, computer science, biomedical research—... a small sample of #China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off #American technology and know-how for Chinese gain.” #Harvard #Communism #IntellectualProperty 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken #MAGA #TRUMP 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@Psully226 “The Hammurderer is quickly becoming regarded as the worst-received advertising mascot since Kool-Aid’s 1989 discontinuation of ‘The Grapist,’ a huge purple monster who sodomizes thirsty children.” 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Hard-hitting piece by the on the child trafficking seminars at #Davos. (Certainly as much truth in this article as anything published by CNN.) 
Can Hydrogen Fuel the World's Fast-Growing Energy Needs? 
it's me. they call me. 🙋🏻‍♀️Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby 
(took me a few seconds of reading to 'get it')🤣 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 😡😡😡 NO THANK YOU, Deranged DemoKKKrats! -- The Sensible American People 
@SheriefFarouk This reminded me of this piece 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption di 
"In addition to his new [$4.35 million] Washington [mansion], Rattner owns an apartment on Fifth Avenue across from the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a horse farm in North Salem, N.Y., and a summer home in Martha's Vineyard, Mass." 
WHO BETTER THAN TRUMP TO GUIDE US INTO BANKRUPTCY... After all, he has experience with multiple bankruptcies. Walking away from debts. Stiffing the average person with the bill. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
@1776AmericaUSA @cjdtwit is a satire site. 
I'm reading this article. @SenMcSallyAZ is one of my senators. She's mentioned along with Gardner and Tillis. "Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman." 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Horror has spread throughout the nation as the unthinkable has happened: A new, even deadlier successor to the AR-15 -- the AR-16 -- is now for sale. The gun is a lot like the destructive AR-15 but is even scarier, as it is wearing a red “Make... 
@VK_HM I KNEW that all these bros talking about the "treachery of images" was really just a way to justify reactionary white male backlash. 
A New York judge ruled that a commission created to investigate potentially unethical behavior by state prosecutors is unconstitutional 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
This was a really neat read. Particularly, the commitment to not just hiring folks with criminal records, but to providing meaningful institutional support and accountability. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
"a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election. “This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency,”  
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus #humor #reality 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
You don't need to LIKE Trump to respect the office. Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump via 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Major win for the rule of law from SCOTUS today. This is another example of the @realDonaldTrump Administration ensuring that those we welcome to our country will be able to contribute to our rocket ship economy. 
Liberals Say #Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election #BernieSanders2020 
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe DTrump was sharing the Gospel with Stormy Danielle and Lev Parnas..... With the Ukraine scandal he wanted Ukrainian president to get saved. 
When comedic satire becomes the news. 🇺🇸 @CNN @TuckerCarlson 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Hey #CNN you're getting ass raped again by Babylon bee 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Charles Lieber, chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and NIH about millions in Chinese government funding he received @aviswanatha @kate_okeeffe 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' ( skipped History class?🤔. #2AShallNotBeInfringed 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Im laughing. If an immigration officer thinks someone will use Medicaid or food stamps or other services like those,, they can bar them from coming to the US. If they THINK. Because they don’t have a right to these services? Too much power in wrong hands 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the Wuhan virus, as it was for SARS in 2003. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
“I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @bobdavis187 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@hollymathnerd It's already been done (and with humor): 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects from @RichardRubinDC 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Local Man Gets Cross Tattoo In Lieu Of Sanctification | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
“#Israelis will say ‘yes’ or ‘yes, but.' Key #Arab states will probably say ‘maybe’ in order to stay on the right side of Donald Trump. #Palestinians will say ‘hell no.’ ” @felschwartz &amp; @mgordonwsj on Kushner's one-sided peace plan to nowhere: 
8th Grader Impregnated During Trip To 'March For Life' Event 
About like that... 
@pavanvan Goddamn, I can barely go back to the old and see how funny it used to be: 
@tobosbunny Been that way for a while now. 
Dog Takes Pilgrimage To Holy Site Where It Once Found Rotisserie Chicken On Side Of Road 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
@SportsCheetah Great article I really appreciated it. But you actually claimed Luke Walton was your favorite player... wow... that’s rough. My favorite article ever is still: Kobe is a winner in all aspects. His drive/work ethic always elevated him in my view 
Interesting developments. 
True. But how soon we all forget... 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Senior #Harvard professors can make $1 million per year in outside consulting/speaking income, on top of their $450k salary. Given the influence of Harvard profs and conflicts of interest, the public deserves full transparency on all their outside income. 
Dumb @AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) Hey, @Snopes and @Politifact, I need your help on this one. It's , so probably satire. But I am not sure. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Okay but has anyone swooped in with a hot take explaining the weirdly high (I think?) number of Senators drinking milk on the floor?! Were there cookies? I don't understand. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
“To­day Is­rael is tak-ing a gi­ant step to­ward peace,” Mr. Trump said, adding that Mr. Ne-tanyahu and his po­lit­i­cal ri­val Benny Gantz both backed the doc­u­ment as the ba­sis for ne­go­ti­a-tions be­tween the Is-raelis and the Pales­tini-ans. 
The Wall Street Journal: Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers. via @GoogleNews 
@JoniMiller99 @AHaywoodlocal92 @tweetabird1 @MarianneMcFee1 @ChrisAlbertoLaw @RepAdamSchiff Yes, pay attention Joni. That's why the courts are used to determine whether executive privilege is granted. Why did the House withdraw the court request? 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Idea That Fed #Repos Are Driving Markets Gains Traction, in CentralBanks - #moneymarkets - 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
How to get flowers in the foyer—if you don’t have a butler: 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
3-Year-Old Terror Miraculously Transforms Into Angelic Cherub As Soon As She Falls Asleep 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
“In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN” 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
“He [Donald Trump] was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them, so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life and how He could also save her from her sins.” 
@EricTrump FUCKED FOREVER #IMPEACHEDFOREVER 🤡 GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@WillDarrell @_Mississipp1_ @Liz_Cheney @RepAdamSchiff And Biden implicates Obama in his scheme 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | [Too close to ‘real’ life. Go Bee!] 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen.” #AcquitTrump #DemsGotNothing 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - #wuhanpneumonia #coronavirus #nCoV2019 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | Just because he had her on her knees doesn’t mean she was praying. Plus, when has 💦💦 been considered to be blessing someone? So many lies to protect him 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners #cnn #donlemon #mediabias #babylonbee 
"Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners" ". . . Later, Lemon and the geese went out for lattes and studied geography." 
The Wall Street Journal has dug into the ways information overload and stress can affect your health and relationships and the best ways to clear your mind. 
I'm speechless 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
"Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean" 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week Well the “” speaks with humour and perhaps some irony. The world needs cooperation and Chinese hospitals need help to combat this terrible disease 
Is this guy for real?🤨 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses or Documents - @chipfranklin @NikkiMedoro 
Satire Tweet #3 "Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
‘They Can’t #Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say #Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Opinion: Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic 
What complete charlatans and bullshitters these GOP leaders are. Remember all the times they blocked Dems on policies to helps middle and working class folks citing budget deficits? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Stocks Climb Ahead of Central-Bank Meetings 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
🤷‍♀️ It all makes sense! #kale #nottodaysatan 
@Phylan @TheAmitie @GrantBrisbee Literally this old article 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' #satire #fakenews 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@AliceAvizandum “Heroic neighbor praised, gay” 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
It's the only fair thing to do! 
No story, but LOL! The image! "Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth" From . 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Tech: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall 
If you #GoogleBernie you will find that his record on immigration is problematic: 
"if" means hell yes he did it, so what? 
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
“The great thing about getting to play characters in acting is that you get to draw on anything in your motherboard that will be useful in the moment,” Catherine O’Hara says of her quirky creation Moira Rose on TV comedy “Schitt’s Creek." 
Tech giants are facing a reckoning at home over the housing shortages, traffic, and inequality that accompany their growth. ⁦@realrobcopeland⁩ &amp; I report from San Jose, Calif. on tensions over plans for a Google HQ2 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
New: CBS Chief Joe Ianniello has been approached by one of the suitors for Univision, which wants him to front its bid: w/@CaraRLombardo and @miriamgottfried. Joe hasn't decided yet. 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker you have got to be freaking kidding me, what kind of a moron believes this crap? 
After Senseless #Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings #SatireKings 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
@CNN and Ignorance of @donlemon via 
Apple's latest results mark a turn to form, per @trippmickle for - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Ok, I've heard a lot of stupid shit over the past 4 years but THIS... THIS takes the gaslighting cake! 🤣🤦‍♀️ @realDonaldTrump #FuckTrump 
A fitness trainer has died after going to a Wuhan hospital His family had expected the death certificate to state the coronavirus - Instead, it recorded “pneumonia” and didn't make the corona virus death stats! 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@NorsePole567 @RepLeeZeldin Vindman’s brother happens to work at NSC. The place where people in our government get books approved. The one that can’t be named is 
Why Bolton Represents a Big Wild Card in Impeachment Trump’s former national security adviser and former alcoholic has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what 
“I will personally swim to the bottom of the Pacific and use a golden key inscribed with mysterious runes to unlock Gangthor’s lair, where he has slumbered since the destructive Clean Water Rule of 2015 was issued, ” Trump declared in a recent statement. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding - meanwhile check CDC for connections via 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned "Discussions with CEOs and executives from the U.S. and Europe at the World Economic Forum in Davos last week showed great confidence that Mr. Trump will win." 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via for sure it's become shop a judge to get what you want. Looks like the Dems favorite path just was avalanched. That's why they fear trump besides the corruption! 
Reading this, I can’t help but think that this article and effort will serve as an introduction to a case study on failed policy response to a public health menace. Everything about this says “making it up as we go along” in a “you get one shot” situation. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@sxdoc @BamaJaxx Meanwhile at the Senate; 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak—While Others Stay 
Even SurveyUSA poll shows 71% of Republicans agree with Democrats that new witnesses should testify in the Senate's impeachment trial. 82% of Voters Nationwide Say yes too. : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
I'm so disappointed in "Christians". How is this real? This isn't ! 
@BigJoeIsBack Here is the source for the article. 
#ccp is everywhere. #CCP_is_terrorist 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the spread of a new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession. 
Funny because it’s true 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@chrislhayes @ewarren Oh here he is. And where were YOU when Sanders refused to endorse Hillary after he had already lost?? Why, right up his ass where you always are. You really believe we all have amnesia don't you? 
Federal prosecutors sought restraining orders against telecommunications operators in two states that they said allowed illegal fraudulent calls to go through to recipients. 
Live Updates: Follow our analysis of President Trump's impeachment trial in the Senate 
@kunalkamra88 Here's a record Kunal .A Riot accused was banned for years. #BoycottIndigo #kunalkamra 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
The finds that the housing market 🏡🏢 lost steam recently with residential investments dropping for the longest stretch since the 2008 crisis. Read more: 
Jerry Falwell Jr. Whips Out Sword To Hack Ear Off Man Who Briefly Criticized Donald Trump | 
Tweet from () () Tweeted: Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses DAMN YOU ROMNEY, GET OUT OF THEREPUBLICAN PARTY IF YOU CAN'T HELP THEM!!! 
Notice last time this was tried was after WII. Policy will become more and more extreme. These markets won’t tolerate is higher rates, and for a reason: excessive debt burden. via 
2.5. Tie reimbursement to outcomes to increase access. Other insurers, like life insurance, have a vested interested in the health of their clients (Goldman expanded on this concept in #obesityepidemic 5/8 
Well gosh. "McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" via 
AirPods take over the playground. 
This is so courageous. #EndMisogyny #LetChicksShovelTheDriveway #metoo 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Court reverses stay on Trump Administration plan to make legal immigrants who draw from social programs ineligible for green card Why so surprising? Law said this for &gt;100 years. 8 U.S.C. Sec. 1182(a)(4). 
#WatchYourBackTulsi 😜 Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
The lyin fake media is praying for a demented shooter 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
A global tragedy! Think Epstein, UK Muslim child grooming. Think humanity Childrens Charities! 😡🤬 First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Is “phenomenon” the most used billie eilish metaphor? 
.⁦@AOL⁩ Co-founder’s Riverfront Estate Becomes Priciest-Ever #Home to Sell in the DC Area ⁦RealEstate⁩ #realestate 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Democrats Vow To Close Dangerous Gun-Buying Loophole Known As 'The Second Amendment' 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
President Trump's Middle East peace plan charts a two-state course for Israelis and Palestinians. ’s Jerry Seib highlights three pressures that could bring Palestinians to the negotiating table. 
Takes a con to con for a con. @Jim_Bakker belongs back in prison. 
FBI Agent Still Tasked With Following Noam Chomsky Around Prepares For Another Day In Local Panera 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Automated Story: 
Opinion: Flashback to 1998 Reveals Democratic Impeachment Double Standard 
THE TRUTH ACCORDING TO PENCIL NECK AND NO BALLS SHIFTT 
Damn those pesky Americans! 
⁦@DrSJaishankar⁩ Trade negotiations The Justice Department is probing a potential merger of Dean Foods &amp; the Dairy Farmers of America A deal would unite two dairy­land gi­ants. Dean is the big­gest U.S. milk pro­ces­sor, DFA markets 1/3 of US milk. 
@GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses #JohnBoltonMustTestify #TrumpImpeachment #UkraineExtortion 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Poligripless is a marketing genius! 
Bring 'em on!! #JohnBoltonMustTestify #OneVoice1 
@Knuckles6089 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
This is huge! The pressure is working. Keeping calling your senators to say there should be witnesses &amp; subpoenas in the impeachment trial! Especially if you’re in a red State. 
The play here is the same as w/ Kavanaugh: Do just enough to bamboozle the mainstream press and the public into making it seem like they are taking their responsibility seriously and make a skewed process seem legitimate, without putting acquittal at risk. 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
A unicorn is the only candidate that could beat Trump. Just where to find one... 
😱 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election! 😂 #ImpeachmentTrial #AdamSchiffTRUTHMATTERS 
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. 
@wotrwokr @lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @SONADORLIVESON @808constituent @jdd2169 @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @Michael16862235 @QuareFellas @Lor_blueeyes @shrekthepunk @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge Checkmate Progress. I always win. 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Is the AHEAD of the entire corporate bond market on the looming corporate credit crunch w/ their "hit" story today? Our analysis suggest they might be. 
Target CIO Helped Retailer Find Its Tech Groove. Focus on speedy software development, in-house IT staff fueled company’s tech turnaround. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
"Its real import is the way Justice Neil Gorsuch puts a torch to the proliferation of universal injunctions by the lower courts." 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Green-Bond Trading Is Going Electronic - Wall Street Journal 
#MorningMilk What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In ... 
@itsJeffTiedrich @realDonaldTrump D.J.T. has a Jesus complex?!?!?! Why am I not surprised? "...who is doing more for Christians today? Not Jesus. He disappeared; no one knows what happened to him. But I’m out there every day protecting churches from crazy liberals.” 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Derek Jeter Makes Easy Play Look Easy 
Virginia Governor Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 😂😂😂😂😂 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down; Shar Dubey tapped as new CEO 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
markets: U.S. stocks opened higher as investors parsed efforts worldwide to contain a deadly virus outbreak in China. 
When satire isn’t that far from the truth. #marchforlife2020 #prolife 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
: 5f16cfc9-0a32-423d-8f03-c474626b03ef 
The sterility of this world view is mind boggling: What’s the connection between Baby Yoda and human evolution? Columnist @AlisonGopnik via 
4D chess In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Different spin on @SAP latest Q story: 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Boeing will have a significant impact on GDP growth. #kbrs 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Alabama has made some strides adding correctional and mental-health staff in recent years, but inmate homicides and the prison population are rising. via 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
Travel restrictions are going to be extended by the Trump administration to 7 new countries, four of them in Africa. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
“As part of the Thou­sand Tal­ents pro­gram, Wuhan Uni­ver­sity of Tech­nol­ogy gave Mr. Lieber more than $1.5 mil­lion to set up a re­search lab in China, ac­cord­ing to the com­plaint.” 
Satire from 2009 = the GOP today. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
During the 2019 regular season, an average of 16.5 million people tuned in to watch NFL games, according to Nielsen data cited by the league, making it the most-watched season since 2016. via 
Definitely a trend to pay attention to, I’ve been seeing a number of articles pop up around it. 
If anyone is under the delusion that the Wall Street Journal is a fair and unbiased news source, check out their homepage and you may notice that trumps impeachment trial literally appears nowhere among the top headlines, what a joke: @wsj #TrumpIsGuilty 
The rebel: Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
@johncardillo Looks like a few CONservatives grew some spine and showed up for THE CONSTITUTION. 
Well, well...Airbus has been granted a ***Deferred Prosecution Agreement*** to be approved by courts in three jurisdictions (US, UK, France)... via #cdnpoli 
@RealCheezed @SpringSteps Nope. 
: Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
I'm sure Evangelicals are so eager to support their porn star banging, wife cheating president, they'll jump right on this new pathetically transparent excuse 
A Belated Lesson From a Murdered Ancestor 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - "By the end of the year, eMarketer predicts, more than one-third of the U.S. population will be using smart ear-worn devices." 
@fjrsally @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@Bernie_2k20 DuckDuckGo it. Google is in their pocket. All of these articles came out the 26th - TWO DAYS AGO. They were hoping nobody would notice til after the Iowa caucus NEXT WEEK! We have to stage a run on ActBlue &amp; take our donations back to get their attention. 
Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@SenCoryGardner speaks finally #Colorado. He is trying to suppress witnesses with his buddy McSally. Disqualifying Senator. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #ImpeachmentHearings #ImpeachmentTrial 
Yes! Taco Tuesday. 😂😂 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year and projected to reach 98% by 2030. That stems from the combination of #TrumpTaxScam cuts and projected increases in spending particularly on safety-net programs such as Medicare and Social Security. 
@realDonaldTrump SIR ! I Have Breaking News LMAO #Trump2020 
Mom-to-be did not go for it, either! 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
I spoke to @paulvieira about Canada's ratification process for #USMCA / #NAFTA 2.0 / #USMA and its timing and prospects 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
From the . #bernie2020 #JoeRogan 
To the barricades. 
How Putin, Cuba and Some US Allies Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela—by giving them covert aid. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
News: The chair of Harvard’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding. Charles Lieber is accused of lying to the Defense Department about his alleged ties. 
I'm a little late on this one but it's hilarious ... 
@CoryGardner The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
@nberlat Get yours ready 
“There’s a whole basketball generation out there that patterned their game upon Bryant’s — if you think NBA fandom just segued artfully from Michael Jordan to LeBron James, you’re missing a big, essential group of people for whom Kobe was The One.” 
SRCL Is this the same Stericycle where Mitt Romney invested his money? 
#Health: #Unhealthy: 98.6 #Degrees #Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore Human body has changed over time, new study shows 
Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to #defense dept &amp; National Institutes of Health (@NIH) about his participation in #China’s Thousand Talents Plan, the complaint said. U.S. authorities have raised alarms in particular about the so-called talent programs 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
Check out the article on #BankStreet’s new research – “The Bank Street report urges public-private partnerships in cities and states to develop pilot projects for strengthening the caregiver workforce.” #LearningStartsAtBirth #ECE #ChildCare 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
If you've never thought about this when stacking chairs in Fellowship Hall maybe you should? 😅 
Proof that #JimBakker &amp; @JimBakkerShow are 💯% 🦇 💩crazy in this defense of the #womanizing #cheating #pornloving #whiny #crybaby #Narcissist ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #wtf 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
BabylonBee: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Paid way too much! 
@Gillette has done more damage to the society with their mindless ads than any good .as a #feminist It hurts me when the work of several years is drained by the likes of mindless people at @Gillette No wonder the #Feminists have become a laughing stock now 
Commodities markets are digesting China's decision to extend the Lunar Year, stretching out a period in which Chinese imports of natural resources typically decline. “I think we’re close to peak hysteria.” via 
We all just listened 2 your lame ass speech. Everyone can tell when u r reading a speech from the teleprompter. Words not your own (actual “grown up big words”) b/cuz u sound like u r on drugs! EXCEPT when u go off script &amp; the “idiot Trump-speak” surfaces 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game 
Maybe @SenateGOP noticed that those polls are rising. Now 75% of the public wants witnesses. Maybe @senatemajldr should have run this properly instead of doing his damnedest to make it look like a cover-up. 
@realDonaldTrump This is what evangelicals want America to believe. Look America this is what Bakker is trying to spoon feed us. Trump had a sexual tryst with Stormy to teach her about being Christian. Read and Retweet this. Spread this garbage to show hypocrisy 
This Week's Editorial Cartoon: "Civil Whites Movement" 
@BizarroNot @GOP except... 
Pfizer products that notched big quarterly sales gains included blood-thinner Eliquis, up 21%. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Oh no. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
The White House legal team plans to close out its defense of President Trump in a shortened session aimed at persuading the Senate to look past potentially incriminating disclosures 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Mora… 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings "This tragedy could have been avoided if only David were forced to use one of the old bolt-action model slings." 
Some of France’s top money managers are working together on measuring how investors impact biodiversity. The UN warns that 1 million species are on the verge of extinction. They are also looking to hire on an ESG data provider to work on the project. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
New research finds link between exposure to toxins at World Trade Center site after Sept. 11 and prostate cancer via 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via 
It seems that all of that winning (that I’m tired of) is a hell of a lot less fiscally responsible than anticipated. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws $MSFT $AAPL $GOOG $FB 
Many such cases! 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Good news got @CNN 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
: dde65242-b7ca-4d87-a508-043253b365c6 
Chinese "cooperation". Good to konw for UK gov and other potential European partners. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
UK limits Huawei to installing peripheral network equipment and caps market share but dismisses Trump administration’s calls for total rejection. @wsj 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
.@wlamb76 Report: Putting Head In Hands And Moaning Quietly Still Best Way To Get Through Next Several Seconds 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@GJasienska USA just enacted income based limitations on immigration. via 
Report: Everyone Starting New Exciting Stage Of Life Except You 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
If the Justice Department allows DFA to buy Dean Foods, the market will be even more concentrated, enabling a few corporations to raise consumer prices and push out smaller farmers. We need to enforce antitrust laws and stop this merger. 
@njdotcom But there are goats in Bedminster. Another Trump tax dodge. Donald Trump has a solution that cuts both his grass and his golf-course tax bill: Goats. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #news #impeach #schiff 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial YEP THISIS ABOUT IT !!! BORING BORING BORING !!! AND RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA 
Redbone was one of the first Native-American rock bands in the album era. Can you name their big hit? 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
. ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ BREAKING NEWS ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn Pompeo Nunes #Ukraine Schiff McConnell #PompeoMeltdown #TrumpDefense Kobe Bryant Nipsey Vanessa helicopter Bolton 
Truth 
Dems Criticize Trump For Not Taking Ownership Of The Sinking Of The Titanic | 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via 
Sometimes I Wish My Legs Had Never Been Crushed By That Train 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Closing For Profit Charter Schools Worsens the Eduction Crisis The first Step ic. Completion Between Private - Charter (Profit &amp; Non Profit) - Public Schools Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter 
Trump is not fiscally/economically conservative and is heading us to fiscal ruin. His spending and tax policies are to blame. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
“Senators @BernieSanders and @ewarren are both fighting for the change we need in our nation. They understand the needs of workers at UNITE HERE Local 11," - @ada_briceno, co-president Unite Here Local 11 Warren, Sanders Endorsed by @UNITEHERE11 via 
This Charlie Foxtrot of a impeachment trial is a joke...anyone want to guess what happens if the Republicans don’t hold the line for the votes? McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | #impeachment 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish #MAGA #TRUMP 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via Ich hoffe, dass sich der liberalere Flügel durchsetzt. 
Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
January 21, 1981 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. ข้อมูลจาก 
OMFG!!!! Is this for real???? 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians - 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
Pardon me? Jim Bakker thinks that Donald Trump was just sharing the gospel when he was sharing his semen. According to Tammy Faye Bakker, Jim shared a lot of gospel. These idiots just scream, "I'm a mark for a con man." 
A lost generation of skilled #Workers: "#furniture makers used to dominate the economies of places like Hickory. But the industry shed roughly 250,000 production jobs from its peak in 2000" #FreeTrade #outsourcing 
Ohhhh satire. The post was deleted several hours later after the Clinton team realized it was scheduled a day early. 
@cindy26bliss @kathy_markovich No. It's a parody site: 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
I'm dead.... 
Oh come on this is just funny. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. Corrupt Tories in receipt of backhanders have compromised UK National Security and we will suffer as a result. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #GovernorBlackface 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
🚨: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 🚨 
CIOs need to brush up on business skills for the next generation of CEOs 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
How Cognitive Technologies Can Transform DSNs #BigData #businessanalytics via 
Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
President #Trump’s #MiddleEast peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and #Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades #Israel 
FDA Investigating Link Between Vaping, Looking Like A Total Cheese Bag | 
They said it wouldn’t work. “Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet.” via 
Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. Yes we will at the voting booths! Trump 2020 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan - 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
#Chinese President #XiJinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of #coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men. TURMOIL AT THE TOP? #HongKong #Xinjiang #Econ ⁦@judeblanchette⁩ ⁦@mcgregorrichard⁩ 
Debt to GDP ratios not seen since WWII. 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ 
If only she could teach him the triple tap to the back of the head suicide trick... Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
U.S. Working to Evacuate American Citizens From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City - China says it’s contagious without symptoms, the US says no. Not quarantining less they have symptoms! What if we are wrong. They are going to turn those Americans loose. 
I'd be all for a woman spy who does the actual spy stuff while Bond fools around. "Alright 011, Bond is playing baccarat with Sergei Evilov. Break into Evilov's hotel suite and get those documents!" 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
Investors are trying to determine whether the #coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery: #GlobalEconomy #GlobalGrowth #GlobalGDP 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
MT @tedcruz @replouiegohmert #WakeUpAmerica @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin @SenMikeLee @1980reagan @RepKinzinger @LauraJMcDonald3 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
OMG! A multi-national deferred prosecution agreeement. Dear Canada, Don’t try this at home. #cdnpoli #canpoli 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
You Thought Brexit Was Hard. Try Starting a Museum in Its Honor. 
Risk of New #coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say health 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | - Join the conversation on @clouthub 
Funny … but clapping is not as simple as “2 and 4,” because sometimes (rarely) it actually is 1 and 3. And sometimes it is 3/4 time! Find the snare, people, and you cannot go wrong: the snare *is* the clap. 
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
The professor, Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health about his participation in China’s Thousand Talents Plan 
@SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump @wyoguard Never ever ever vote for a Republican. NEVER. If you love America, never vote for the irresponsible party who spend money on the credit card like this. 
@CNN @cnnbrk You’ll make a nice couple #Bee #CNNFakeNews @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr ❤️❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump Lady's and Gentlemen, this has got be the dumbest thing I have ever read. If there is anyone on this planet that's believes this crap, please have them seek professional help immediately! 
Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond from the region. The country is canvassing investors this week to gauge interest in a $1 billion of bonds, according to a person familiar with the sale. @emsovdebt @RencapMan 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
@economeager related: 
Love this in-depth story on the relationship between big tech and California's affordable housing crisis by @malas_n (making a guest appearance from her Nieman fellowship!) and @realrobcopeland 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@GovGoneWild @HalseyBeshears @GovRonDeSantis @IJ Read her story and about the - no joke - STING OPERATIONS FL was doing against her She lost in court, which is RIDICULOUS. But this law needs reform. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network. I'd be very interested to know whether Boris Johnson's government did long-term scenario modeling ahead of this decision. 
markets: Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via Annaisaac 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
“Sus­tained fed­eral bud­get deficits and debt will hit the high­est lev­els since World War II over the next decade, the CBO pro­jected on Tues­day, fol­low­ing mul­ti­ple rounds of tax cuts and con­tin­ued in­creases in fed­eral spend­ing.” 
#Newcastle about to be bought by #MBS, aka Crown Prince Bone Saw of #SaudiArabia...? 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers. Is it ever acceptable to go barefoot on a flight? 
continuing my obsession with photos taken by pigeons: 
There is this rumor: 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | ⁦@greggutfeld⁩ 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
@FOX59 Since this is America this will be the "conclusion" 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit- #SAP 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Meesa thinks thisa be satire ... 
markets: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall. 
- like the bum in the White House boasting about SEXUAL ASSAULT!!! @sunny @TheView @NicolleDWallace @JoyVBehar @MeghanMcCain 
@SER1897 I’ve been a Kamala supporter since her SF days: she could have beaten Trump but faced a trifecta of obstacles: media ignored her; progressives called her a “cop”; and bots and RWNJs attacked her race (for having Jamaican not African American roots). 
@AnaKasparian We aren't going to agree with everyone who understands that a President Sanders would benefit us all. Rogan's fanbase heard him say something very important, besides "vote for sanders". They heard him say "DON'T vote for trump." 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Deal would dissolve a decadelong relationship that has outlived its usefulness to both sides. 
Really?! 🥑 🤔 Super Bowl Means Guacamole—and a Spike in Avocado-Related Knife Injuries. 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution di 
Isn't it time to hear the voices of MDs and other clinicians in this #physicianburnout discussion? Feedback we all should read from the story on burnout. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@VABVOX Front Row Joes = delusional cultists 
Bwhaha, good, serves you all right for blocking justice. -GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
McConnell Says #GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment #Witnesses. Oh... please... let this be true. #SenateTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments 
FYI: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Outraged!😡 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter 
: EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review 
One factor that could soon help a lot more workers ditch the daily commute and the strictures of office life for the comforts of home is the popular “5G Revolution 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Bhakts &amp; Arnab fans are jumping over Kunal kamra not been allowed to travel in Indigo &amp; Air India But Bhakts forgot their papa Modi was only one banned from US for years for 2002 Gujarat massacre. #BoycottIndigo #BoycottAirIndia #kunalkamra @kunalkamra88 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
@CNN I think this could be a great way to fix your taking and embarrassing ratings 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
On Tuesday's front page: China's coronavirus rattles global markets. "Uncertainty like this causes people to step back and reassess the amount of risk they’re taking." 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
Big snub of US mobile-security concerns: UK says it will allow China’s Huawei to build limited parts of next-gen 5G network @maximcolch via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election . . . Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. 
Congratulations to the Bee! #copolitics 
I just can’t anymore. I just about heard everything. 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
I just shot coffee through my nose!!! #LMAO #MAGA 
A buddy of mine sent this to me. I thought it was funny and pretty much the truth! LOL 
» Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Natural-Gas Prices Fall Below $2 
@aanthony2020 @JulieWinnMusic @PramilaJayapal @BernieSanders Are you worried about socializing the stock market? This should scare the shit out of you then 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
@DonLemon, Thank you!!!! 
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
@ggreenwald @MaxBlumenthal @dancohen3000 CNN is under new management... 
I failed as a consultant, I then joined the #lean movement - Learning from mistakes requires striving to learn from mistakes, not justifying them: #TheLeanStrategy - eye opening piece from via 
Telia Swings to Profit 
Striking Blow Against #ToxicMasculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@zerohedge Shanghai Building Collapses, Nearly Intact &gt; 
Satire at its finest... 😂😂😂 
Carriers are now excluding #737Max from their schedules until the fall, in part because they need time to train their pilots in a MAX #simulator—and there are only about 36 simulators in the US. 
⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ And I thought y’all had too much coffee in the morning. 🤣Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Lovely, the Fed might hike tomorrow. Fed Funds has been flat to IOER (1.55%) since the last rate cut. If the Fed was smart they would cut both to 1.50% and get us away from this cockamamey set up of a range centered around 1/8ths. But they're not smart. 
Um, What church did Trump attend today? 
Well, she said it was 30 seconds, so he didn’t share much. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
@nj_back @AshleyBennettNJ @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi Best of all, Mr. Van Drew endorsed Sen. Cory Booker for president. Not surprisingly, Mr. Booker is now campaigning against Mr. Van Drew. #TakeBackNJ 
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston via 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
I hope this is true. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
Some useful information on the coronavirus....Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Harvard professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back - With a Vengeance 
Home Prices Continued to Climb in November 
Good! Because he DID abuse his power and he DID obstruct!!! I hope he gets what he deserves! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. 
#Iran's leadership works to heal rifts @GlobalCRL 
I Am Fun 
@DilleyShow @AKA_RealDirty @SenTedCruz Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Trump Finally Unveils SCOTUS Nominee: Alex Jones | 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right #MAGA #TRUMP 
Woman Laughs At Joke, Immediately Hauled Away By Feminism Enforcement Officer 
: BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting 
@RadioFreeTom literally from the 
With his penis??? 🤔 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
⁦@GOP⁩ . . .and they still won’t vote to #ImpeachTheMotherFucker 
Has anyone checked on #Beto? 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
There's millie-mouth moscow mitch!!! I hope how soon I never have see his lying face ever again! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
John Kim, former president of New York Life Insurance, kicks off his new venture fund, Brewer Lane Ventures, by investing in Socotra. 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit #satire #humor 
FFL Partners-backed Eyemart Express considering sale of its business, with stores in 40 states, via ⁦@LCooperReports⁩ ⁦⁩ #PrivateEquity 
Hahahaha... "'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker" 
Blood-Soaked Mayor Bloomberg Announces Homelessness No Longer A Problem In New York City 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
markets: Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 are seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest projection since third-quarter 2017 
The Markets aren't doing well The Feds have added over $150 Billion dollars into the Markets in the past month The last time this happened was in 1929 We all know what happened after that THE MARKETS CRASHED #ConmanTrump @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence 
Unforgivable Sin Actually Dancing, Baptist Scholar Claims 
Congrats to Delphi shareholders...an unexpected! For $BWA shareholders....way to step up and pay a 17x in the face of slowing automotive mkt. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
This is too funny 
@alfranken You stole an election. You should have been in the monkey suit with the gorilla in Trading Places. Mischief in Minnesota? 
@senatemajldr if this happens, I'm switching back to a Democrat, they at least stick together and do whatever it takes to succeed. 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
BREAKING: “Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he did not show it to senators.” 
“Grow­ing up, Mr. Castillo tried to hide his sta­tus by per­fect­ing his Eng­lish.” I can relate. Sometimes, I feel othered when people comment on my slight accent in English, or when I find myself developing an accent in Spanish. 
The government published photos of Mr. Li, wearing a face mask and swaddled in blue protective gear, as he toured medical facilities in Wuhan In one image, he appeared to be speaking through a walkie-talkie to a patient on a video screen 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Sell out. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
I'll start paying attention if and when the witnesses are allowed to testify. News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Kamala Harris’ campaign issues were propogated early on, damn near immediately. This story of intra Buttigieg campaign issues comes in late January 2020 and really isn’t surprising given the candidate’s history. It’s clear who the media wanted to push out. 
Omg. The bee completes me. Democrats are beginning to grow worried that if their impeachment effort fails, they'll have to resort to plan B: nominating an electable candidate and winning an election. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 😂🤣😜🤪😜🤣😂🤣😜🤪 
Vale not only knew about the dangers of this particular dam, but it was well versed in the dangers of dams overall, given another deadly collapse just a few years before. It vowed that another such tragedy would never happen again. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested on charges of lying about receiving millions of dollars in Chinese funding, […] a plot by Beijing to mine U.S. universities to catapult China to the forefront of scientific development 
No surprise from @AmbJohnBolton 
[] The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Luckily, I got a lesson from the great @InduSLev -- who showed me: 1) split it in half; 2) stab only the seed so it gets stuck on the blade, then yank it out; 3) use spoon to scoop out the goods. 
Targets Credibility... 
Civil Whites Movement 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
This, but public health officials anytime anyone in America experiences cold like symptoms for the next six months 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
markets: Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession 
The Week In Pictures – Week Of January 27, 2020 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
This is a serious investment from one of the world's largest banks. There are still many challenges with quantum computing, but Goldman thinks it's time to "get in early." Will be watching where this goes. #Innovation #Future #Tech 
Ukraine wouldn't even spread this Russian talking point but a U.S. Republican Senator will! 
It’s interesting #MoscowMitch won’t release the whip count... 
A laugh for the hard-working home makers &amp; homeschool moms out there........ 😊😂😂 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN... don’t worry, the content on CNN won’t change 
@HassenOccident @CobaltAnthony @nikitakarachoi @MrSam144 @MGigantoraptor @HygieneMentale @Tzitzimitl @VledTapas @Acermendax Pour la sortie du livre, un article de Charles Murray dans le *Wall Street Journal* : « Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science. Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective. » 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via #ChinaCoronavirus #fuckChina 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
The 20th-century cancer crisis in the US was highly gendered. It was due to a surge in male mortality above all due to lung cancer. @Brabbott42 
About 2.5 more months to go for me, halfway there 
Does Hell have room for all these lying hypocritical evangelicals? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Lovely read, this. What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Can't let this happen! 
: "Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office projected on Tuesday, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in Federal spending" 
“You can make more as a dog walker in New York City than as an infant-toddler caregiver. It’s scary.’’ via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Investors will be watching Apple’s first-quarter earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus in China via 
: 39459f8f-a06f-4f99-bc2c-4be5257999d4 
Marine Biologists Train Highly Intelligent Octopus To Profitably Manage Mid-Size Aluminum Goods Supplier 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The is reporting that McConnell has told his caucus that they DON'T have the votes to block witnesses from appearing!! Now, nothing is for certain until there's a vote. If you've called your Senators, call again. If you haven't called, call now!! 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@AdamParkhomenko On my FB newsfeed ... reminds me of your newsletter today... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Let’s ask Stormy @StormyDaniels true? Not true? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@HawleyMO @realDonaldTrump Ask them why the IMF withheld money from Ukraine. Billions $$$ in loans had disappeared. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
@ComfortablySmug Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money The clip Cruz is talking about. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses - This will blow-up in their faces, like all the other Wile E.Coyote moves they've made so far. I wonder if they realize the defendant gets to call his witnesses too? Bolton is just the next Mueller flop to be. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To #art #lol 
British Airways became the first major airline to cancel all flights to mainland China as the U.S. State Department flew 200+ diplomats and citizens from Wuhan to Anchorage, en route to Southern California. Today in coronavirus news, by @StephanieAYang. 
@ScottAdamsSays Re #coronavirus the person you were asking about is Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, and they are explaining now: 
Stay informed. 
Oh my; truly, does abide. 
Being outraged by stupid baseball nonsense must be the peak of national pastimage. #CardsTwitter 
Looks like that #evacuation flight from Wuhan China is going to land in Ontario. (ONT) with a fuel stop in Anchorage (ANC) - hasn't landed for pickup yet. (Reminder I block the cuckoo conspiracy folks) #nCov2019 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Imagine if the American People were to choose the President (Trump) in 2020...oh Horrors for the Left ;) Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Travel Barriers Rise as WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus, offered a public boost to a government response that has come under fire for a lack of transparency. As Hong Kong, Singapore and Russian provinces limit travel from China. 
Haha 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
@thehill Trump should wear double depends tonight. 
The U.S. is deploying a carrier strike group and a number of bombers to the Middle East to serve as a deterrent to Iran via 
Doesn't anyone vet anybody these days? How can these people be trusted with educating young people, much less lecturing the rest of us on morality, when they can't be trusted with hiring decisions? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
Pepper...and Salt via 
.⁦@senatemajldr⁩ Says ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment #Witnesses 
Very very good: 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
‘He Is a Dictator’ via 
#Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean #CleanWaterAct 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct 
Provocative op-ed on the patent-innovation balance (and Alice) from my friend @TheRealMattDowd and former Fed. Cir. Chief Judge Michel 
This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani - Iran was at war for freedom. 
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Churches Struggle With Mental Health in the Ranks: 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
$NFLX Corrections &amp; Amplifications 
Fair to demand an affidavit of Guarantee/Responsibility from Judges of Hon.Courts who announce such experiments in society ? What goes on in a Judges head when he decides to set a Terrorist free in a society which is already living in #fear @RanaAyyub ? 
When abortion logic is consistently followed... 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 😉 
@wjmcgurn @GOCOAST Rofl. 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
You can bet the governor will take credit for the peace. Central planners will never miss an opportunity for unearned credit. 
@AngrySocialista @BernieSanders Related: 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
: 6941b164-8952-4e6d-a5f8-bbe6bb6b71b6 
"Kotex appears to be the first major, established brand to show blood-red fluid on its products in marketing." 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration for a boycott over security fears. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Johns Hopkins University Reimagines the M.B.A. Via #mba #bschool @JohnsHopkins 
Stock Mkt sometimes feels like an anxious, annoying 4-yr old always asking the #Fed what's next. Jay. and Co. should ignore the thing and focus on its older, more mature brother - the #real #economy. 
Cybersecurity Work’s Risks, Stressors Under Scrutiny #cybersecurity #business #bigdata #redteam via @knash99 
: 0c1fcc81-7b61-4b4b-8a54-ce0f262e68ad 
Interesting article about aerial photography 
First satellite ever launched without the aid of a standard 22,000-mile cable 😜 😝 #satellite #launch 
1/2 @SenRickScott is so close, except for the facts. @JoeBiden encouraged #Ukraine #PresidentZelenskiy to fire their former prosecutor, #ViktorShokin, who was complicit in the corruption. #SenatorRichardCranium needs to do better research. 
ABSOLUTELY MANDATORY READING.... pass it on. 
: 60cecaa4-7ed7-4c4a-9cbe-37223246d630 
The manufacturing conglomerate, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Meanwhile @nspector4 asks about #JuanGuaido and #cdnfp: [Another Freeland foreign failure?] "#Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner, an administration official said" 
Yes. They may actually vote against #CorruptDemocrats ! 😂😂 @realDonaldTrump #2020Landslide 
Are these Dims For real or what. What a stupid statement!! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@ChrisVanHollen I thought this video is of Joe Biden bragging about threatening to withhold $1B to fire the prosecutor leading a corruption probe of his son helped. 
“This place is completely overrun with those monsters, and frankly, they kind of creep me out,” said the Prince of Darkness" 
Vale employees also raised the alarm, but were ignored. Olavo Coelho was the mine’s longest-serving worker. He recommended evacuating the site. He was ignored, and died in the collapse. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
There's truth and then there's truth 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via 
While the UK focuses on a trade agreement with the EU, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin hopes to complete a trade agreement with the UK by the end of 2020. @wsj 
 
Huawei Vice President Victor Zhang was pleased by the British government’s decision on 5G: “This evidence-based decision will result in a more advanced, more secure and more cost-effective telecoms infrastructure that is fit for the future." @MaximColch 
This actually happened. 
This!!!!!!!! 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat 
TRUTH IN SATIRE, This is spot on! 
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
What happened to the GOP being the party of fiscal responsibility? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
To see more unmatched reporting, visit 
@SandraJH13_USA2 @BernieSanders @realDonaldTrump @class_axe65 @cjm101560 @LoriHare8 @JBoy057 @GreyBeard_Biker @RedMagaHat Listen to the YouTube- 🩸Sanders is Dangerous🩸 Socialism is Communism- 🩸Warren is Dangerous 🩸 
markets: Exclusive: TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm 
@MikeGianella this is probably like a year or two before this joke made that much sense but i've always loved this 
Wha? Did she wack him on the butt w/a bible for :30sec? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via 
White people can't clap. 
@Cyndereller @TheRickWilson @pejesq @ajzeigler @realDonaldTrump Despite President Trump’s promise to boost coal, at least seven large coal producers have filed for bankruptcy since October 2018 via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@JesusMetal1689 @FoundersMin @NeilShenvi @clbolt JD Greear reminds me of this article. 
Should anyone trust any plan made by Trump and his henchmen? 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
#oboeyoudidnt, best hashtag i'm going to see all day. music is good for you. 
Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas 
New Feminist Tickle Me Elmo Just Says "That Was Not Consensual" 
Local Man Declares Self Tax-Exempt As Temple Of The Holy Spirit 
Now that @BernieSanders is a member of the "Alt-Right," I guess everyone in the world is Alt-Right except #SocialJusticeWarriors: CC: @shoe0nhead @joerogan 
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV Why is trump making the plan....why not middleeast countries 
@pikerel @Rhonda_Resists @fatdogz @joniernst @gatewaypundit You may be interested in knowing that both the and the Census Bureau agree with Fox's stats. 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
‘A Border Wall Is Immoral,’ Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
.His plan is being rejected by some of our allies &amp; many Arabs. It doesn't include a 2 state solution!! Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
I still prefer baseball... 
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths | via ProAI 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Central Banks Need to Take Action on #ClimateChange, Report Says, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
The defense strategy hinges on the idea that the producer’s accusers were exploiting him for access to his industry contacts and success. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Satire Tweet 2 () "Ink-Splattered Trump Boys Counter Media Bias By Hand-Printing Own Newspaper In White House Basement" 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever | 
We must be stopped! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
I'm late to the game, but did a better double endorsement a few years ago: 
A heady play. 
Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. 
@petercoffin I just saw this and think it's applicable: 
This election season will be telling as candidates refine their China message. #China #Davos #USA #trade 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@barr_chicken @MysterySolvent Ask what? Are you deaf... listen to old Joe daddy explain it to you! 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@DiMartinoBooth And yet, in an era of low ‘inflation’ , #rent and #wages increase, resulting in businesses w/o high leverage unable to obtain bk loans because, ‘ too risky’ 
@SiobhanFTB One of my favourite things about is how hard they went after Paterno and how they still haven'tnt let up years later. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Report: Bananas Still Most Popular Fruit For Pretending To Receive Phone Call 
"If this keeps up, we're really gonna have to burn the midnight oil and put in 25 or even 30 hours," whined Rep. Adam Schiff. "That leaves me hardly any time for taking bribes from lobbyists!" 
@SenateGOP the Truth will set you free 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
BREAKING: Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, after his legal team concluded its defense presentation. - 'GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses' 
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he… 
Just FYI, those quarantined Aussies will be flying out of a coronavirus hot zone and spending two weeks on Christmas Island with a whole lot of gigantic red crabs. @Mike_Cherney 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life ...Outstanding Reporting by ...Ben Cohen &amp; Erin Ailworth ...of the Wall Street Journal ⁦@bzcohen⁩ @ailworth 
@SenSherrodBrown They... Aren't though... Hence the deficit. $1 Trillion in 2020. It will be 98% of GDP by 2030. 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
@MikeDelMoro @MSNBC He must not have seen the report yet huh? 
Technology of Thievery #capitalism #latency #flashboys #spoofing #rigged The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Actually the meaning of Congress 
@realDonaldTrump Curious about this other religious supporter of yours. What bible verse did you read to stormy? 
Clown World conditions mean that even Babylon Bee might be making an accurate prediction🤡🌎 
markets: A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy 
Officially the most accurate news source in America. 
: b10ed427-dabf-4bf5-a9a5-42974679494d 
Airbus granted a DPA: FYI @Puglaas @janephilpott 
Martin Shkreli, Associate Tried to Block Generic Versions of Drug, Lawsuit Claims 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus - 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
Top story: German Court Rules Against Facebook on Data Protection - see more 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Expecting @snopes to read this literally even though it would also fit on @ClickHole 
The Koch Brothers Are Sitting on a Real Estate Empire Worth Hundreds of Millions. #CRE #Investment #RealEstate 
This is epic! 
Media: "@KraftHeinzCo's Planters brand apologized for distributing prayer candles for Mr. Peanut as part of its Super Bowl campaign about the mascot’s death and said it would consider what’s next after a helicopter crash killed Kobe Bryant." @natives 
Clinton Prosecutor Starr: Impeachment Is Becoming Too Frequent via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Why does this not seem too out of place? 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat - #furisdead #furisnotfashion 
if you are really really dumb (and inexperienced with handling an avocado) you might get this. Pro tip: use a butter knife instead 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
🇺🇸📰🗞️The Wall Street Journal . Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal #RumboAlCrecimientoProductivo (@IVANGZAMA @ivangarciazama @Notivargas @FOXMULDER7 @TecnicaHipica @diariopuerto @Diario_Pueblo_ @DiarioZama @RadioZama)🗞️📰🇺🇸 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@TrumptasticNH @superyayadize More where that came from. 
Gotta love . "Ernst added that she took this responsibility seriously as she had given a sacred oath to consolidate her grip on power by whatever means necessary." 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Just like @Jim_Bakker was doing with Jessica Hahn🙄 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"Mr. Martínez-García said there is a point at which lowering long-term interest rates can no longer effectively prop up residential investment. “We might be reaching that point,” RBA: "Huh"?? 
@MattMackowiak @zerohedge Yep, borrowed money is fun until it’s not 
In her new book, "Touched by the Sun: My Friendship with Jackie," about her unlikely camaraderie with Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Carly Simon is chronically honest about her feelings and her experiences: 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 via 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion In New Money To Markets, But Overall Liquidity Stable 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election." @cspanwj 
Some midcareer #doctors are willing to take a substantial pay cut to achieve better work-life balance. Results of a new survey reveal nearly half of Gen X #physicians surveyed felt burned out, citing administrative tasks as the main driver. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Laying of hands, say you ? 
Jordan Peterson, Marie Kondo To Host New Show 'Get Your Bloody Darn House In Order' 
Seige of Baghdad by Khan, 1258 ad, 2 million killed without firing a shot... Oh yeah there no guns then 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Sydney-based software maker Atlassian set a goal of running all its direct operations, primarily buildings, on 100% renewable energy by 2025 
Lizzo kicked off a somber Grammy awards, saying, ‘Tonight is for Kobe’ via 
American Airlines To Phase Out Complimentary Cabin Pressurization 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
"The impeachment hearings have been thrown into chaos after President Trump announced that he supports impeachment, forcing Democrats to oppose their own impeachment inquiry." 
Thought-provoking thread on Huawei from @mikebutcher According to , Huawei had access to as much as $75 billion in state support in its ascent to world's largest telecom kit supplier: (For its part, Huawei said the relied on "false information") 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Canada begins the USMCA ratification process now that the trade deal has been approved by the U.S. and Mexico. via 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
“#Harvard #Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to #China” - ⁦⁩ 
Incredible story — Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have picked up a joint endorsement from Unite Here Local 11 — via 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via @ding_gang @BoboDiploma @Fridaytalks @GuoTx4 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses When Mr. Bolton testifies, warning bells will be going off in Jay Sucklup's head: Danger--Danger--Danger!!! because their entire argument will crumble before their very eyes. 
@JusticeDemTx @FleeceGeek @gator_bh @BreitbartNews yes it was and the corrupt FBI, CIA and Obama Administration used it to spy on Trump. Steele was Brit intel, but he got his info from Russia. 
: McConnell lacks votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
“He’s the perfect compromise between Warren’s impractical progressivism and Biden’s worrisome age!” ⁦⁦⁩ is always right! 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The SEC has identified somes strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch via 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. via 
@HouseIntel @RepJerryNadler The harrowing, heartbreaking story. 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
.@jasonzweigwsj column offers optimism for all investors! via 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - 
Why is it so hard to realize value from #AI? Why do some efforts succeed while many more fail? These organizational behaviors are key 💫 via  👉 
Vow! Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders such as @Google @Microsoft @Facebook @apple are now calling publicly for new laws via @udaimehta @amol_kulkarni1 @ujjwal1841 @bigphilgj 
: Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
#ILeftTheGOP because they just keep lying. Trump claims he's brought new voters to the GOP “by the millions,” but the evidence is uneven to support that. 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
MyPOV; much needed social norms in the sky! from conf calls and vids w/o headsets to #barefeet #RoadWarriors Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Dumb @AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Amazing Parody Commentary on KellyAnne Conway. 
I'll believe it when I see it. Counting chickens 🐔 is not allowed when the stakes are this high! . McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
No phone growth ??????Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom #people # 
@emilyngo @NBCNews Experts? MSNBC hates Yang and Lol this is you 
These people are a riot. "White House counsel Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's book last year... but he was not briefed on its contents and first learned of it when the NYT contacted the WH before it published a story about it" 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
@RonWaxman @RepJeffries @justinhendrix I guess their overwhelming evidence is not enough? 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Want To Live To 100? Why? # #art 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@marknutter @Yair_Rosenberg @Susan_Hennessey For instance, here is an opinion piece criticizing Biden. 
If it’s so hard to accept a peace plan that doesn’t include more of Jerusalem then why do Jews face Jerusalem when they pray &amp; Muslims face Mecca? #MiddleEast #PeacePlan Rejected yet again ...#Jerusalem 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Damn. He's still out there being crazy?! These cray-cray televangelists are like cockroaches, they just survive everything. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin (TURD) Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via 
@jppandesv @Zen_Zinger @gailkimITSME @AndrewYang I am in favor of a far simpler tax code that eliminates loopholes and the establishment of a flat or fair tax. Amazon did pay taxes they were just were helped by deductions and tax incentives. 
The CEO of a U.K.-based energy firm thought he was speaking on the phone with his boss, the chief executive of the firm’s German parent company, who asked him to send the funds to a Hungarian supplier. #cybersecurity #databreach #ransomware 
As the worm turns 
FBI Agent Still Tasked With Following Noam Chomsky Around Prepares For Another Day In Local Panera 
Maybe now we will get to the bottom of whatever drug deal Mulvaney and Giuliani were cooking up. 
It’s the nature of a hit in the streaming era: A program that drives obsession in many viewers often draws blank stares from others 
CNN and Ignorance 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. @DrTomMartinPhD @docrocktex26 @Trumpnado2016 
@sjr2009 @kathy_markovich @dmooresb It's a parody site: 
Anyone moving to California? A Modern Mansion on Malibu’s Tony Beachfront Lists for $115 Million - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election So funny its true... 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response as Travel Barriers Rise - Wall Street Journal 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
”All it takes to join the alt-right is to talk to somebody in the alt-right, and then you're officially in.” 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
‘Acclaimed’ ⁦#Harvard University⁩ scientist and it’s chemistry chair is arrested, accused of lying about ties to China. Lieber was offered $50,000 a month and $150K+ for collaborating with Wuhan University of Technology. ⁦⁩ 
This might clarify the Bolton/Barr exchange re Ukraine: Bolton Expressed Concern to Barr About Giuliani Work Being Linked With Government Probe via 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
@CillizzaCNN This is truer than it should be on a satire sight.😂😂 
Teens are taking temporary breaks from social media to avoid burnout via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial # #art 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Right... Give the Israelis free reign... 😖😖😖 
Trump said he is offering a Mideast peace plan that charts a course to two states for Israelis and Palestinians, with Jerusalem as the capital of Israel 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
“I am going on 27 years with this motorcycle. I am going to ride until I can’t ride anymore,” says this owner of a 1948 bike by the iconic Indian Motorcycle company 
@WeAreCyclingUK @transportgovuk This one never ages 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message, "He Trying To Win Election" 
So true it hurts 
Microsoft Now Lets You Delay Windows Updates Until The Second Coming Of Christ 
Liberals Say #BernieSanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Wow. This is amazing, and heart wrenching. "The next morning, she awoke to the suffocating smell of burned human bodies. 'We’re burning your parents now,' a soldier told the prisoners." 
HAHAHA HEHEE HOHOH Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
"Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
From opinion: Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Harley-Davidson said retail-level sales of its motorcycles fell in Q4, reflecting lower demand in the US. Motorcycle-related revenue fell to $874M, below expectations of $922M. 
#BritishAirways said it had canceled all flights to mainland #China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread. #BanChinaFlights 
"Flawed market design significantly increases the trading costs of large investors, and generates billions of dollars a year in profits for a small number of HFT firms and other parties in the speed race." via 
#LeaseAccounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Carhartt Introduces Rugged Work Thong 
New York City Spends $200 Million a Year to Aid High-Poverty Schools, With Mixed Results 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment #WhatDoYouThink? 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 🤣 
This is a mistake. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Wild. 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
@SenSchumer @nytimes In this article, he says he wants a trail and lists all the people he would like to testify. Makes no meeting mention of him being scared of witnesses or documents. Either Chuck is lying, or the author is. Which is it? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
@12Hawk13 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
46. Billionaires Try to Shrink World’s Population, Report Says 
: 995cbc28-2271-49aa-bdd6-7e8a428ed20c 
: The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a "terrain awareness" system that could have provided information about the mountainous area in which it crashed 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD 
@notbinIaden @chiweethedog Still one of my favorite bits 
"Jeter's 2,722nd career hit not only puts him in the company of Yankee legends, but also ranks him with an elite group of 675,000 additional baseball players past and present with fewer hits than Baines" 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@TRUMPSUSAMAGA Cato Institute is liberal? They are a liberatrian think tank? Forbes is liberal? Steve Forbed Republican. That's remarkably unaware of you. Considering you haven't linked one article denying the growing economy Trump inherited is not surprising. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early #Gutfeld 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
@jason_a_w Wow dude went downhill after his breakdown 
Satire from a couple of years ago. But relevant AF. Yes? #Trump #FuckTrump #resist 
@MsPackyetti 90% of office thermostats are dummy boxes 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@realDonaldTrump Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen .... 
And for those of you who don't know, th gospel is spread while screaming, "Oh GOD!" during sexual intercourse. Wait...didn't President Clinton get impeached for lying about his sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky? 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - The Wall Street Journal #cloudcomputing #cloudadoption #technology 
SMALL SOLUTION, BIG CHALLENGE Grocers looking to expedite online orders are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4K orders a week but still be housed in the back of stores or in cheap urban areas. #ecommerce #fulfillment #retail 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES... 
NATO Aims to Add Personnel to Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting ISIS - 
‘Robert Preven believes his 1948 Indian Chief motorcycle started out as a New York City police vehicle, and restored it to its original grandeur.’ 
@yanerushka same day 
Someone needs to tell him, " well, how about voter ID so your illegals, dead, &amp; cheaters can't vote!" Duh. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
The Billie Eilish Revolution: How the Unconventional Teen Swept the Grammys via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN I considered purchasing @CNN. I went with a more secure investment: Hatian penny stocks. 
UK govt. says yes to @Huawei for building its #5G network.. #security #usban #cybersecurity 
Schumer: Hunter Biden has "nothing to do" with the facts of the impeachment trial 
@drdave1999 @mmpadellan @simplyjustbeing It just keeps coming!!! I guess Trump was telling her all about 2 Corinthians. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
#Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong #AirPod, App Sales 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land . Great advice, it's sarcasm, please remember that. Don't want messages wondering why I'm an idiot. 
Only a corrupt government would even seek to block witnesses 
Opinion | A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe 
Her tunes are catchy, for sure, but are they award-worthy? “She’s . . . exactly the type of thing Grammy voters want to hoist up to make themselves look smart, relevant, and up-to-date.” via 
Stacey Abrams Still Living In VR Simulation Of Alternate Reality Where She Won Georgia Election | 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns via 
The Pleasures of Eating Alone 
@TedNordhaus "The utopian dreams of those who wish to radically reorganize the world to stop climate change are not a plausible global future. Nor will denying the relationship between carbon emissions and global warming make the real risks of climate change go away." 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Kobe Bryant's venture firm reflected his ethos, an investor said. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” 
: Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
"All historians agree that the Soviets were held back from becoming a leftist utopia by Stalin's conservative policies." 
„We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions... I am not afraid of them and...I feel the duty to take a lead.” Endlich jemand, der sich daran erinnert, dass Politk Führung braucht. Three Cheers for @akk 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Real-estate #startups are retreating from a growth-at-all-costs mode - 
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. #KobeBryant 
Ok, it's Boomer, but I still laughed. Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@mrsquack19 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Halfway through this article I threw up in my mouth. 
:"The best kind of likability is the kind that comes when people are too afraid to speak up against you." Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
The robots are trying to get deeper into your grocery order: (via ) #FMCG #CPG #grocery 
Honestly, this isn't surprising coming from a couple of dudes who made a show about talking vegetables and wrote songs about loving your lips, a missing hair brush, zebu, and the yodeling veterinarian of the Alps. #VeggieTales 
Witness are coming to Senate impeachment proceedings. 
BREAKING: “At a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called.” #JohnBolton #Trump #Ukraine 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Drumpf Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Only in the minds of liberals....... smh Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
: Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
What a radical idea. Can you ever think of a time in our history when this very thing happened 🤔. Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Jesus!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
**BREAKING**: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
.@MaximColch: UK Allows #Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump; Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite US security concerns. 
2) "When I was working in the oil business, as part of my job, I flew on helicopters over the Gulf of Mexico, in Alaska, and over the North and South China Seas. Since retiring, I do not voluntarily get into a helicopter." 
Excellent primer on the coronavirus via ⁦@betswrites⁩ 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Oh snap, he’s playing hardball now 
Sofonisba Anguissola’s ‘The Chess Game’ is cited by scholars as among the first Italian paintings of everyday family life 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Amid economic and political uncertainty—and mixed signals on consumer sentiment—the new year finds retail CFOs exercising caution when it comes to investments and expansion. via #Retail #CFO #riskmanagement #investments #capital #accounting 
#CreditSuisse CEO denounces blame on #Instagram. Doesn’t he know that #Twitter is the place to spread #FakeNews? $CS 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Tech Earnings Will Test Rally in Growth Stocks 
The Wall Street Journal: The U.N. and Human Trafficking. via @GoogleNews 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
this is who is running Treasury under Trump 
Justice Department Sends Trump Amazon Alexa Device As Peace Offering For Spying 
They are so “elite” they can’t even see why this would be despicable! #Deplorables 
@StormyDaniels @JimBakkerShow Since it was church, isn't that $130k 'donation' tax free??? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
lol I'm glad I'm not the only one who sees it this way. 
I think Bolton is a MAGA but yes we should hear what he has to say GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
investigations editor @michaelsiconolf has shaped so many high impact stories. Today on #TheJournal, you get to hear him and @Scheck tell the wild story behind Jeff Bezos' allegation that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman hacked his phone 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 🤥🤥🤥🤥 
The British regulator has concluded the overdraft market is dysfunctional, with major banks having aligned overdraft rates around 40%. My last story for 👇 
In the 50 years since its first passenger flight, the Boeing 747 became the most dominant and recognizable craft for commercial air travel. looks back on the most significant moments in the Boeing 747’s history on its 50-year anniversary. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
Navinder Singh Sarao made at least $12.8 million in illicit gains through his trading via 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns via #ASC842 #Accounting #leases #reporting #publiccompanies #valuation #audit 
@jfg1984 @ryanstruyk @jaketapper Still one of the darkest things the has ever done: 
Today the markets look a little more confident – it is yet to be seen if the downturn will gain traction. I’m quoted in today’s 
And if you believe this stand on your heads' Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Man! What is wrong with @TheDemocrats?! They are now advocating for ending elections altogether?! 
We gun enthusiasts know that actually is a bump hat that enables it to fire on automatic three times as fast as any other automatic rifle. 
@montauk2020 @janefourmillion @kathy_markovich @AndiJohnson1 It's a parody site: 
@realDonaldTrump gotta get this fixed big papi 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat Families with vintage fur coats are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion and politics. 
@paulportesi This may also be relevant 
"When you declare something illegal, it is instantly gone forever," Newsom said solemnly. "That's why I'm taking immediate executive action to declare the possession of coronavirus a felony at the state level."  
CIA Issues Posthumous Apology After New Evidence Clears Osama Bin Laden Of Involvement In 9/11 Attacks 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Targeted ads may soon show you what you really want before you knew you did. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
I agree let's go back to melee combat. 
A short article on the Hale letters that includes several quotes! We do not recommend that anyone violate copyright. But it's hard to resist the sneak preview. 
Accurate. 
@BernieSis1 @vetthebern Well the establishment did invent the necessity with the ridiculous Impeachment that will tie him up from the campaign trail with him needing the jet to get the Iowa campaigning done while we wait for the Republican Acquittal to occur... 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #MAGA #TRUMP 
‘It Was a Horror’: Students Attacked by Masked Marauders at an Indian University Several witnesses and victims said local police and campus security officials were absent or even stood by as the rampage unfolded. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month, but the increase was driven mostly by a sharp rise in demand for defense equipment 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via 
US manufacturing is still in a slump. 
: "racy texts" me: CALL THEM SEXTS ALREADY 
Would you look at that. Are spines starting to form in the Senate? GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@arjunsethi81 fitting 
"Tonight, after our shopping spree, I will invite my best girlfriends over and we will drink white wine and fill each other in on major developments in our lives while we listen to an album by My Morning Jacket..." 
🐝 😂 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
It has gotten to the point that it is near impossible to distinguish between satire and real life... 
@SalenaZito @Pirates Almost 14 years old and still relevant today. 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
To succeed, #AI must be central and integrated to overall business strategy via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. Schumers’s stance to have R’s vote on witnesses is nakedly political and has nothing to do with finding truth. 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory on Monday 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace. #Trump #MiddleEastPeacePlant #BBNetanyahu #JohnDalyNews #InformedNotInflamed 
The importance of understanding mechanism. This beautiful piece by Amy Dockser Marcus in #wsj describes how the gaps left by statistical inference in health care can change one's life. 
Review: Gwyneth Paltrow’s Netflix project is more informercial for her semi-notorious lifestyle brand than a show 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months 
@SenCoryGardner @SenSchumer @SenateForeign Put politics aside @SenCoryGardner and stop blocking impeachment witnesses. Gardner's spokesman confirmed to that he doesn't care about Truth: "Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman." 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for regulation: via #technology #regulation #Davos2020 
Here we go. #RealOrThe 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The Dems are absolutely terrified. Only trators fear their own people. They know what they did and what will happen next.. #WalkAwayFromDemocratSocialists 
@PalmerReport @patyvillaescusa #MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
It looks like McConnell is Saying the GOP does NOT have the votes to block witnesses at the Impeachment... This just got kinda interesting!🧐 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Shadow Banks Come Into the Light in Global Lending: 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
What Wrong With This Perpetual Communist Dictator. 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 XI Jinping Announced Plan To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within The Next Week. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 
World’s Most Expensive Precious Metal Surges Amid Emissions Clampdown: 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Trump apparently calls his little mushroom-shaped willie "Gospel." 
“Although the nation in question may be an undetermined or undefined distance from America’s borders, it remains crucial to protect our sovereignty and come to the aid of our allies, if any, in someplace, somewhere on the globe." 
An explosion in food deliveries precipitates a crackdown on single-use utensils, straws and packaging. 
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas 
The Venezuelans and Maduro had 'nada' to do with it. They're starving and Putin's jerking their strings? 
» Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
Archaeologists Discover AR-15 Cain Used To Kill Abel 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@cnni Read the article; this isn't true: Trump hasn't challenged the facts around what happened in his phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky last year. 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
Is China hiding the true #coronavirus mortality? Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally. 🤔 
Finally Talking About This!! ‘The Awkward Heirloom’: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat(s) ⁦⁩ I mean these animals have been dead longer than I have been living *only wears them home alone... bc ⁦@peta⁩ gives no fucks* 
Which reminds me of this gem: 
Seems like this worked for Bakker. Gaslighting on steroids. JFC! 
“You’re not the medical professional, I am,” (SOUND FAMILIAR? 😬😉) saw a 30% increase in survival rates &amp; fewer instances of self-reported pain. “Being a fucking huge cock is literally the difference between life and death.” 
Buttigieg has had trouble attracting nonwhite voters, now his campaign faces personnel issues with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity, via ⁦@tparti⁩, ⁦@dnvolz⁩ 
@kaiser891 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@BrandyLJensen Embarrassed by how often I think about this 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians. But don't the Palestinians already have two States which they manage very badly and dictatorially? Why do they deserve another? via 
The Air Raid Has Won. #GunsUp #WreckEm #TexasTech #ChiefsKingdom 
Babylon Bee gets it right! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Must read! #pat'sfun stuff #feedly 
And his testimoney will smell just like this. 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat #Coronavirus $ABBV $GILD $JNJ #biotech 
@QuidRises @Schanette55 @medwoman1 @imvala @GOPkleptocrat @miss_simone247 @Grandma_Boom @PwrCane1 @TrumpSugar @calijeff1 @zaharias19 @wagygirl @GoofyGary7 @KINGTRUMPUSLIAR @GaryFos22481 @Jacob83896764 @Juliesc51073985 @PersevereEver @LisaNicholo @CunningMarshal @josephrace7 @TourguideJ @Greenideblonde2 @SeanTDel @Aimhighffw @Pittstock @camp_terrence @Slaybells3 @BobC7000 @donnnie @LeftAreUnhinged @johannashe1 @DougieFreshii @DigiVorr @everything_says @MiddleMolly @SJerzGirl @HouseOfJames2 @meredithmusing @J_man63 @yusufkkabatas @gorillastyle @tomag49 @nechy211 @LItalianoVero @Pedro4Paz @Visitor22 @SumiNemo169 @EJ_LiveWithLove @Riseup4D They’ll say any &amp; everything to make excuses for Trump’s Lies, Crimes, et🤣🤣🤣 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Finally, some responsible ownership! 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation # #comedy 
Satire Tweet #2 () "Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial" 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
More Pizza money Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Daniel Akst reviews “Friendship” by @LydiaDenworth via 
Blech. “The #CDC conducted ‘mystery patient’ drills at ERs in 49 NYC hospitals... In 78% of cases, the ER staff gave these patients masks &amp; isolated them quickly. Even so, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands.” ⁦@Betsy_McCaughey⁩ 
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
#Boeing’s fatal error was single data. What design processes and procedures will prevent such a grievous decision to be made in the future? #boeing737crash @AviationWeek @AirlineReporter 
» Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever | 
Yes!Yes!Yes!...with a bit of hahaha! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Wow. Workin’ on the railroad (as my old man did years ago) used to have a cachet status of sorts. Now, tech is derailing it. 
@SteveKinholt @tribelaw Definitely: 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@joelockhart @Patta47cake Meanwhile, your employer keeps attacking a well known satirical website . I guess it's true, CNN thinks the internet is only big enough for one fake news site 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via Increase the balance sheet of the Fed, increase the banking system, leaks into stocks. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) | 
OP-ED: "Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where #Pandemics Breed" | By Christian Walzer and Aili Kang for The Wall Street Journal Consumption of wild meat appears to be to blame for the #Wuhan virus, as it was for #SARS in 2003. opinion #wildlife 
Did Jim Baker really say "Trump was just sharing the gospal with that porn star" ? You know the one he paid off?!?! Ugh I just cant 🙄😏😒 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
"Based on the demand impact of SARS into 2020, Goldman Sachs last week forecast a drop in daily oil demand of 260,000 barrels, including a 170,000 barrel-a-day loss of jet-fuel demand." 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
Trump is colluding with the Americans now! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
NEWS EXCLUSIVE   POLITICS McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @TeaPainUSA 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | #SmartNews 
Call me daddy. (Today, I arrived at the airport at 15:20 for a 19:45 flight 😎) 
@GOPLeader @HouseGOP Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
“Jailed drug-company founder Martin Shkreli and an associate violated #competition laws by working to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an antiparasite drug, the ⁦@FTC⁩ and the NY AG allege in a new lawsuit.” #antitrust #pharma #IP 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Prosecutors Have Evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer - - 
I love the 😂 
Kobe was a great player, but he was not a perfect man, esp in this rape matter. WTF, WaPo??!! If any newspaper should behave better, given its own losses, it is the Post. Jeff Bezos: are you going to hunt down your girlfriend's brother for leaking chisme? 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Tulsi Gabbard Files Lawsuit Against Hillary Clinton via 
This is fine. 
CNN continues to plummet down the sewer! 
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall. 
@notWhyz @Broadsword_6 Just walked through the door so lazy google search, but yeah. 
The chapter 11 filing by the operator of Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, follows the bankruptcies of several family-friendly and casual-dining chains including Marie Callender’s and Houlihan’s Restaurant + Bar. Story by @sparkyrandles 
Sen. Rick Scott is airing an ad in Iowa seeking to tarnish Joe Biden ahead of Monday's Democratic caucuses. Scott, an ally of Trump, accuses Dems of a "coverup" for Mr. Biden and his son, Hunter Biden. When it’s the #GOPCoverup of Trump. #OneVoice1 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@PollyCHaag @SaftyInNumbers @Bronsays @neal_katyal @nytimes I read that he said that in the Republican conference meeting today! Has he made a public statement? I don't want to jinx this by celebrating too soon. 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Some New FOMC Voters Ripe for Hawkish Switch, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
I thought this was a real headline because this is how Twitter sounds this week 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal | 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Editorial: If #coronavirus spreads, China might have to resort to a draconian lockdown that could trigger a recession that its trade deal with the U.S. was intended to prevent. When China sneezes, the rest of the world catches more than a cold.     
@jordanliles I like this one better. 
A Dose of Reality for Turtleman and Cheeto Mussolini. 
Fear the cakes! #ImpeachmentCakes 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
John Bolton agrees to testify in exchange for seafood. (satire) 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
#Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific #Ocean: MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Paging John Bolton, come on down. 
I feel personally attacked. Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
They are already tampering with the 2020 election. The always accuse others on what they are doing: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on a Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income 
It's not easy finding birthday giveaways, but persistence pays 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
In which the @wsj says the Senate should hear testimony but not let something silly like witnesses get in the way of their predetermined acquittal. #impeach ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
Even the relatively sympathetic reviewer sees "The Age of Entitlement" as a piece of nostalgia for the era when other races were at the bottom of the social pecking order. Richard Aldous on “The Age of Entitlement” by Christopher Caldwell. 
Does this mean there's actually hope? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Satire from the Babylon Bee: Church Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade (full story)~&gt; 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
A courageous story in a fight that never goes away and hampers our lovely Italy 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
: “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” (Hopefully this headline is correct) 
Hahah it's called voting for the right person!!!! 
» AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Pompeo's map trick, if taken seriously (and removing his extra lie that she chose Bangladesh), would imply that foreign policy discussion or news coverage of it should be done according to 's lampoon of uninformed half-attention. 
@AliceAvizandum Always this one 
Harvard professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
ROFL Joe Rogan!! Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
What Else Do @Amazon, @Google and @Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups via 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Apple will commit $2.5 billion toward affordable housing in California, amid concerns Silicon Valley’s successes have pushed people out of the area via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial Reality show? 
Apparently trump has named his penis, “the gospel,” according to Jim Baker 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
Must have been like that time that someone inscribed the entire Bible on the head of a pin. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
@USMarine_Vet In my initial scan I misread the tweet as "assault sling." I understand the following is out of context here... but you might have a laugh anyway. 
Mitch McConnell has reportedly conceded in a private meeting with Senate Republicans that there are not enough votes to block the Senate from hearing witnesses in Trump’s impeachment trial. 
Tulsi Gabbard Files Lawsuit Against Hillary Clinton via DESPERATE FOR THE SPOTLIGHT... get a life... 
NATO aims to boost number of training &amp; military advisory personnel in Iraq in response to Pres Trump’s call for alliance to do more in Middle East, rpts: 
More with less: @Target has about 4,000 #IT employees, down from roughly 10,000 before Michael McNamara became #CIO in 2015 - via 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
#SchifftySchiff Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
News from @lindsaywise: At a closed-door GOP lunch before today's trial session, Mitt Romney spoke forcefully about the need to have Bolton testify before the Senate. After the lunch, Loeffler took to Twitter to attack Romney by name. 
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China: Wall Street Journal 
Bahahhahahahahahaha!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
BREAKING 🙃 
Known liberal rag The Wall Street Journal *looks at notes* says that the GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial? 
"My bologna has a first name, it's O-S-C-A-R..." You know the rest of the jingle but young people don't. @KraftHeinzCo, maker of Oscar Mayer, wrote down the value of their brands by $17 billion last year. #reinvention #business #food 
#DemocratPrimary #MAGA Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary | 
WOW! So there are still a few Republican Patriots. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"It just doesn't make much sense for this country that shouldn't even exist to ban us," she said. "What have we ever said against them, besides suggesting they are terrorists who deserve to be pushed into the sea?" 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@JudgeCarter Yes, we are thankful,that the Republicans will be voted out of office soon. You forgot to mention the National Debt you ass. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
YUGE DEAL! Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@SenatorCollins The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Watch the Trump Impeachment Trial 
1) "As a former naval aviator, people used to ask me what the most dangerous part of ejecting out of an airplane was. My answer - the helicopter ride back to the ship after they fished you out of the water." 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via 
@HopesMom12 @charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump “Emerson, Marist and Rasmussen—President Trump registered about 30% support among black voters.“ 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally What's really sad, is how true this actually is. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
@redconmike @PatHedger18 @Google @twilabrase According to reporting, they have your full health record, name, DOB, lab results, and medical history. 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
: 177a35de-ff63-4fc1-b2f9-9a536eaa05b4 
@WorkingClassBro @krystalball Close enough? 
PLEASE LET IT BE! 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak is breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child #MAGA #Trump2020 #KAG 
This headline is evergreen because she detest the idea of people voting 
“This weekend, when twelve inches of snow fell, I swallowed my pride and handed my wife the snow shovel.” 
#GreatEconomy 🙁 The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
😂Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
Everyone Loses on Huawei 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero 
"America still has a lot of poor people, and that's because we haven't been aggressive in implementing socialist programs that cause mass starvation," Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Top #SiliconValley leaders now calling publicly for new #regulations ‘There is no question in my mind that #ArtificialIntelligence needs to be regulated. The question is how best to approach this.’ @sundarpichai #AI #dataprivacy #DataScientists via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate Not so far from the truth.... 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via 
Oops! US national debt will rose to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Govt will spend $1tn more than it collects in 2020 &amp; deficits to exceed that amount for at least 11yrs. Budget deficit will be at least 4.3% every year through 2030. via @OlafGersemann 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
Why don't we see more tech PE buyouts of Series A/B companies that never reached their full potential, or even pre-breakout? 
Hey @DirectorArketer. How about this? New law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
markets: The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding ⁦@ScottAdamsSays⁩ 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Who will be the first to post the “The make these things satire to try to make us look crazy for knowing they really do it!” Tweet? I think PoliceBrain2 and Major Dad are co-favorites. #QAnon 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@Fueldog1 @tut5150 @Nunyabus99999 @VILVNV @VoiceOfReasonNW @rjocore98 @Gram247 @BobC7000 @DanFoc77 @MegaK47918675 @grampazachary @RobfromMO @FreedomFritesUS @SwampFox214 @cubancafecito @PhoenixTruths @markzimpelman11 @slim_mirokujin @Dadsbreak @zephyryne @jonlmann1986 @rjocore99 @SherryLeigh5 @PennyPo47428324 @VinceGottalotta @jase_1972 @glenn_wofford @Massanthrope @Gimpmaker @warNuKE_ @BeJamesMadison1 @wordjunkie84 @kg0206 @CHITOWNLK @omgbecky123456 @AppleDank @RegulatedWell @AllAFckinBoard @naturelover3333 @cleflore23 @ryanuga47 @HDWilson @SnidleyWhipass @KennethJOath @MadisonSedona @RCalh @Welles19 @katbritton08 @goldyvladi4691 @nofaithinhuman5 Oh boy..... 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan vía 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
CNN Uncovers Evidence Hero Dog Sniffed Dozens Of Butts Back In College 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh You're delusional. By the way, your cover up is coming apart. 
Pray tell me, where the f*** is the #TeaParty? Racist shits — it was all about waging a race war against the first black President. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
@MrsZeefles This is relevant: 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | #SmartNews 
Starbucks Closed Half of China Stores Amid Coronavirus Outbreak -- with @heatherhaddon 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
This headline smells of regulatory capture. Tech Giants to Governments: Please Regulate Us 
Some countries could use guidance to justify decisions to allow Huawei's technology in 5G equipment, while others might do the opposite, expert says 
When parody is not that far fetched Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via Biden was on Diplomatic Business with our Allies ! His Son was never under investigation!! You have Destroyed your checks and Balance on President ! Trump King ! Bow and worship ! Trump kids on US Payroll 
The Hidden Dangers of Automatic-Payment Apps - by @K__McAllister #Apps 
"Sharing the Gospel". Is that what he calls "it"? 
@hunter_penn_h In Saudi Arabia, Twitter Has Become a Tool to Crack Down on Dissent 
Japan Fires Soccer Coach Javier Aguirre - Wall Street Journal 
#Sprint keeps losing customers as deal remains on hold. The wireless carrier #lost 115,000 #postpaid phone connections in the final three months of 2019. 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Catch @amitvedand at the #RethinkingGlobalMarkets event hosted by and @ForeignAffairs on the 5th of February in New York. Details here: #jungleventures #buildtolast #venturecapital #emergingmarkets 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
I absolutely love the 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | OH THE HORRORS!! 
The global auto industry has an outsize footprint in a central Chinese province you might have heard of called Hubei, and that's likely to cause problems for GM and other carmakers as the coronavirus shuts down all economic activity there. @berlindiary 
Liberals say Bernie’s acceptance of @joerogan endorsement sends dangerous message he trying to win election. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade | 
#Buttigieg #Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as #IowaCaucuses Approach 
Just plain funny... LOL 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues...: Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... (Third column, 5th story, link) --- Related stories: 'Oh my God, Sanders can win'... Celeb star-power fuels final Iowa sprint... POLL: NH BERNS! Uproar over DNC convention… 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Kidnapped Teen Freed, Though Freedom Is Its Own Kind Of Prison, Is It Not? 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces @GOP @senatemajldr 
@flowfocus Try capping interest rates: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@Steel94010 @FxFusion @realDailyWire @emzanotti @tedcruz “No evidence lobbied state dept”. The firm that hired him (Blue Star) did per “Prosecutor not going after Burisma” not according to Solomon’s investigation. 
Got to grab one of these... 
McConnell concedes that he doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
I regret to inform you that this is smart. Trump consolidated the national conservative media pretty quickly, but local papers were generally more honesty about his perfidy in 2016. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring #humor #comedy 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
I love that one of the things carved into this is that S-thing everyone used to draw. 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Fed might revive strategy for coping with downturn -- 
How do you pit an avocado safely? Seems like I should ask given today’s A-hed about #avocadohand: 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency - 
.Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
My dog is smarter than your pastor. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume @ralphnortham...how about a moon walk too 😂😂😂 
Wow! Via “...the U.S. campaign spiraled into a foreign-policy debacle, thwarted by familiar adversaries, #Russia and #Cuba, as well as allies, #Turkey and #India—all countries that one way or another helped #Venezuela sidestep U.S. sanctions” 
"He returned a few minutes later with the chocolate milk in a glass, which is allowed, while bottles aren't. He held up the glass for inspection. It passed. ... A few feet away, Sen. Ron Johnson was openly snacking on Sour Patch Kids." 
That’s OUTRAGEOUS ‼️ It’s time for @GOP voters to stampede in front of all @GOP offices throughout the USA 🇺🇸 and let them know you won’t take it‼️ C’mon The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Xi Jinping held a press conference Monday to announce plans to combat the coronavirus by making it illegal to mention it within the next week. 
Good account of how things work or don't work in DC Swamp &amp; esp how Yogi Berra had 2 be talking about Foggy Bottom backstabbing when he coined the phrase "it's never over until it's over." Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
#GM Picks #Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks #business #money #trade #economy #cars #Automotive #ElectricCars #Michigan 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
“The long-term goal is to enhance “human performance via brain-machine interface.”” 
Those darned fucking morons #2020BlueTeam ‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Great idea!😂😂😂👇 
'They don’t even try to disguise their stupidity &amp; bias🤡 @PAMsLOvE @marjonnat @marchaig @Ron92211 ‘Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Of all of the dirty tricks... Bernie try to win the election by expanding his base of support. 😂 @BernieSanders #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs 
@rachel_maria65 @katz_mum @RudyGiuliani For doing exactly what he's accusing the Bidens of and lobbying for a foreign government. Federal Prosecutors Probe Giuliani's Links to Ukrainian Energy ... Federal Subpoenas Seek Information on Giuliani's Consulting ... 
Female directors and actors in the Islamic Republic are pushing the limits of censorship and consolidating creative control on both sides of the camera. 
Dual endorsement of @ewarren and @BernieSanders by a big union local: Are joint endorsements a thing now? This one makes more sense than Warren - Klobuchar. via 
@ekc "Although detractors decry it as a brutal, bloody form of human cockfighting, aficionados know it is a brutal, bloody, totally fucking awesome form of human cockfighting" 
@realDonaldTrump So do your failures. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
But investors will be watching for two things as they evaluate where shares go in the future: Sustained services growth and Coronavirus in China 
Internet Cat Has Girth That One Might Say Is Unusual Among His Species 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
These guys are good: “Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone” 
Russian Orthodox Church Accused Of Interfering With Doctrine Of Election 
wsj: u.s. national debt will rise to 98% of gdp by 2030, cbo projects 
This is merely the tip of the iceberg. Academia has got one helluva problem on its hands. 
Man Beginning To Worry That Best Meals Already Behind Him 
@ChrisMurphyCT @nytimes Look at how the Dems pay ( will make You pay) for all their Free Stuff 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Goody Introduces New Line Of Governess Hairbrushes For Raking Across The Scalps Of Insolent Little Girls 
Ok. Censorship is again the China answer. 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump #ConvictAndRemoveTrump Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@GynoStar ... Again, it's uncanny how on point they are at times.😅🤣 Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses”- 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
At least $6 billion will be spent on US political campaigns in 2020. But does that $$ make a difference to results? Evidence from Alan Gerber, @dbroockman &amp; @j_kalla shows that ads rarely affect us the way personal convos can via #EGAPMembersInTheNews 
When you're a celebrity they let you do it 
Tech: “You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
Umm... Thanks for Jesussplaining that for us. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
BREAKING: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
With the caveat that Mitch McConnell's political obituary has been prematurely written many times before, this development shows an impeachment trial quickly slipping out of @senatemajldr's control. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Here is the Wall Street Journal article on the work in Laredo/NL by pastor Lorenzo (one of the best men I’ve met in years). 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via 
.@RepAdamSchiff claims the #American people may tamper with our #democracy. No shit, Sherlock. It’s called VOTING! 
#Medicaldevice stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed to maintain momentum. via 
Yeah! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
I know this is but this sounds EXACTLY like something Trumpturd addled #KellyanneConway WOULD actually say. 
WASHINGTON— A congressional spokesperson informed the FBI that talks have stalled on the Senate floor and lawmakers will need more time to debate the proposed deal to release the group of schoolchildren they took hostage earlier today. 
Welcome to uncontrolled exponential increase in the national debt. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It - 
Is this being downplayed for a reason??? With so many people being quarantined in China...what are they not telling us??? 
Epstein connections Jeff Stibel and Jeffrey Epstein were together on the advisory board of the lifeboat foundation Kobe Bryant and Jeff Stibel Unveil $100 Million Venture Capital Fund via #Epstein 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Will #5G Reinvent Working From Home? #Enterprise #Tech #Technology #TechTrends #EmergingTech #Innovation #Business #Cloud #FutureOfWork #TechnologyNews #DigitalTransformation 
ANOTHER ASSHOLES phone got hacked 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 🤣 Honestly how much do they pay him to be this ignorant &amp; this stupid? As if he doesn't know why the h*** trump was visiting @StormyDaniels Just ask her 
@theurbanologist @nicktheandersen I regret to inform ... 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Freaking GREAT! I LOVE this site !! :P 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas via 
Please let this prove to be the case... McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus #BioTech #Coronavirus via 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
How will your taxes increase for various Democratic candidates 
The new Kia Telluride SUV’s tech buffet includes Apply Carplay, a cabin intercom and six USB ports—that oughta keep the kids quiet for a while 
Just an ordinary folk everyone can relate to: I Am Fun (By Hillary Clinton) 
@CodyIsAGoodBoy @DLoesch Televangelist Jim Bakker is trying to convince his flock that Trump was just trying to share the word of Jesus with Stormy Daniels and that he gave her that $130k to help her get out of the adult porn industry. Calls Trump a saint. Pretty sad. 
Prosecutors Have Evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend Gave Texts to Brother Who Leaked to National Enquirer - 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
"It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
lol he might wanna win this thing iunno 
This is just...OMFG! Jim Bakker re Stormy Daniels 
Turmeric Equaled the Effects of the Prescription Drug #Prozac w/o Adverse Effects via # 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Think Australia has a debt problem? The US will spend $US1 trillion more than it earns in 2020. #economics #debt #auspol The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
: 3113b916-5800-4c2c-8a0b-7ddecd19be68 
#harvard professor who may have studied #coronoavirus arrested by feds after passing information on dangerous biological agents to China (yes he is jewish) 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight #lol #people 
Let’s get this bread 
We have officially arrived in crazytown, population: this degenerate asshat. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
@stevensoileau1 @Lucy72794184 @LadyFyreAZ @charliekirk11 Ukraine knew they hadn't received the aid by the time the phone call was made. 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown Gains in home prices slow as world-wide residential investment continues to decline 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
I LOVE the Babylon Bee! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
3-Year-Old Terror Miraculously Transforms Into Angelic Cherub As Soon As She Falls Asleep #MAGA #TRUMP 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“He had confirmed that Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ, as he had become acquainted with her and was very concerned that she was not a Christian.” #POTUS 
This applies to all @gop Senators... 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade #MAGA #TRUMP 
"'Yes, it hasn't been done well in the past,' he said, his face bandaged from the dozens of failed attempts. 'There have been some implementation... 
...GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
China’s Thousand Talents Plan is one of several tools China has been employing to achieve its S&amp;T goals, as well as gain an unfair economic and military advantage at the expense of US national security #China #Technology 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
@awstar11 CNN is a satire news site! Just stop it, Spock! 🙃 
Old school , like this classic: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
College football is where pioneering strategy entertainment happens. NFL gets the hand-me-downs. It's backwards. (Aside: college bball also understood 3 pointers were worth 3 long before the Warriors did.) 
It’s bigger news than a continent being on fire… British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
We're no longer askin' if there was a conspiracy. We're countin' how many. 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
.@CAGovernor @GavinNewsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone Well heck, it works so well for guns, right? 
Seattle #Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead. 🤣🤣....😭😭 #truetotheblue 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@HartHanson Just don't step into the comma wars. 😜 4 Copy Editors Killed In Ongoing AP Style, Chicago Manual Gang Violence 
@BernieSanders Bernie Sanders Holds Secret Campaign Meeting With 15,000 Working-Class Democratic Donors 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@jdb240 @RepDougCollins @realDonaldTrump Watching now. Satire? yes. Their own words. 
The Huanan food market sold wild animals enjoyed as culinary delicacies or used as traditional medicine—an ancient trade Beijing has allowed despite warnings that it could trigger a global epidemic 
It's true. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Update: #DoD reports only two crew members on board the aircraft; both bodies have been recovered. No indication plane was taken down by hostile fire. #AfghanistanPlaneCrash #Military #Taliban 
Santana And Rob Thomas' 'Smooth' Sweeps Grammy Awards For 13th Year In A Row 
@SmokescreenSti1 @Marfoogle @zerohedge Your „it is stolen from Canada“ story is exactly as well researched and proven as this story 
: John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed vía 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
The SEC has identified somes strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch 
Oil-rich Gabon is looking to be the latest issuer of an international bond in sub-Saharan Africa via 
Poll Shows Increasing Number Of Voters Blame Founding Fathers For Starting America 
Renault Looks to Former VW Executive for Turnaround After Ghosn Crisis - 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Coronavirus mortality rate: SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with the new coronavirus have died - 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns(yeah don’t say) 
Scientists: &amp;#39;Look, One-Third Of The Human Race Has To Die For Civilization To Be Sustainable, So How Do We Want To Do This?&amp;#39; 
markets: Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
The post was deleted several hours later after the Clinton team realized it was scheduled a day early. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The #Pharmacist Is Out: #Supermarkets Close #Pharmacy Counters #Regional #grocery chains get #squeezed by consolidation, shrinking profits in prescription drugs #trends 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Recording Appears to Show Trump Calling for Ambassador's Firing 
Big scoop by on #Impeachment 👇 "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
2) As consumers shift away from processed food and opt for smaller, fresher food with a story, makers of Wheaties, Pop Tarts, and Campbell's soup might experience the same fate as Borden's. ReInvention and Innovation is the key to survival! 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
"Researchers at Emory University, who examined the avocado-hand phenomenon in a study published last year..." 
@PoisonedMarine @MatteoGioA @ChuckCallesto Democrats being Democrats 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. Ideally, talks will collapse and they build their own thing from scratch elsewhere. 
Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via 
@Broonpot @ruth_wishart @StigAbell Maybe. It is something an annoying Brit made it for people to argue over. Old but still hilarious: 4 Copy Editors Killed In Ongoing AP Style, Chicago Manual Gang Violence 
Is this a plan of self-security for the duo (Trump &amp; Netanyahu) or a plan of peace in the Middle East? #PPOL514 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime: 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@RawStory Well which is it? 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever #Christianity 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV Room rates around Miami soaring to record highs for host city, as hotels in the Keys benefit, too. via 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall | 
I Am Fun — By Hillary Clinton 
‘He Is a Dictator’ 
Underwear-Clad Senators Line Up Before Congressional Doctor To Make Sure They Physically Fit For Impeachment 
OK, WTF keeps putting this bugged eyed idiot back in office??!! Is he for real?? Just looking at him gives me terror chills...those eyes!! 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . Just Wow! 
Trump’s first 98%! A+ work!! 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ #joke #article 
BREAKING: Unnamed sources claim @CNN is trying to smooth things over with #Republicans 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
BorgWarner agreed to buy Delphi Technologies in an all-stock deal that values Delphi at about $3.3 billion and combines two major auto-parts makers via 
More Job Growth at Small Companies via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
Grim Reaper Stands In Solidarity With Dem Lawmaker Amid Controversial Abortion Comments 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
Survivors Mark 75th Anniversary of Auschwitz Liberation - #MARGAUXMONET 
“An administration official said the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said.” This is not a fucking game. #DefendOurDemocracy 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
OMG Hahahahahahahahaha!!! | Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
"Scooter Startups Take Steps to Curb Inefficiencies, Address Safety Concerns" 
ZERO of my friends (outside of Twitter) and/or family is watching this farce... ZERO, ZIP, NADA. Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
This is fine. 🔥 The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
@rob_strifeheart @banalplay st.paul says your wrong, and he wrote the bible 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Supervisor Encourages Interns To Take On More Responsibilities Of 3 Full-Time Staff Members 
Hilarious Parody from the Babylonian Bee. Christian news satire. Funny stuff: Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeach 45 Dancers (Look at their hands doing a 4 and a 5 ☺) 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Seattle's latest musical sensation is not what you'd expect. It's the Amazon Symphony Orchestra. The first chair flutist is a technical recruiter; a software engineer is on the viola. 
3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit via 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
J. F. C. .... Who would have thought electing a 6X bankrupted LOSER-grifter wanna-be mob boss might result in THIS👇❗️ U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
: 203791b6-825a-4565-9667-bb657361451f 
@tedcruz Reminds me of you 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
“Mr. Trump … was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul, that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them – so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life.” 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
“Never before has there been such a force to transcend the sectarian identity,” says ⁦@AcrossTheBay⁩, the @FDD’s veteran observer.” 
Stocks Pause Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus 📰 » 
@AliceAvizandum also: Fuck Everything: We're Doing Five Blades 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
markets: Credit Suisse’s CEO uses his Instagram account to deny he sought out negative information about an employee at the bank 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Some senators say the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging 
. Or is it? I can't tell anymore. 
Just scroll down to @z_shapiro's article in the bottom. It's awesome. "When I confess my neoconservatism to my peers, I often quote Dr. Tobias Fünke of “Arrested Development,” assuring them, 'There are dozens of us! Dozens!'" 
@RepAdamSchiff Adam, where is the ICIG Michael Atkinson’s testimony? Why won’t you release it? Also Joe Biden had no conflict of interest at all. Sure. 
San Jose has largely missed out on Silicon Valley largesse over the years. So it's especially notable that the city is still treating Google's version of HQ2 very carefully. Great story from @realrobcopeland &amp; @malas_n -&gt; 
Ah, that explains it!! 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers 
And he's in Virginia! Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
WASHINGTON, D.C.—In an emergency, overnight referendum, the American people voted on Thursday to replace the United States Senate with a room full of monkeys throwing feces. 
"This tragedy could have been avoided if only David were forced to use one of the old bolt-action model slings." 
Res ipsa loquitur: CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Oddly reminds me of 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
@RascalPinkish @k_artig @shaunking @JoeBiden @BernieSanders Nah, he doesn't have to drop out for us to win 😉 Enjoy your guys' second primary loss though 😉😉 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
With only a handful of confirmed cases of the 2019 novel #coronavirus, biomedical innovators have quickly stepped up to begin developing vaccines against the virus. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. przez 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . This is a must read! I literally laughed out loud! 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay But, if no symptoms show for 10 days while people ARE infected...they cannot all be "screened"...#iwonder if an 11+ day quarantine might not be better for public health? 
@banton1234 @EWErickson Sure - Link to article for the graphic: Link to original study: Take care. 
seems bad 
: 6bb6be6d-9bff-4030-ab78-991747ac6b2a 
Witnesses a-comin'? 
"It's tragic that we live in a country where reporters who are just minding their own business trying to push a narrative can have everything ripped away from them in an instant when protesters refuse to shoot at people." 
Elizabeth Warren Opens Casino To Help Finance Campaign ⁦⁩ has been genius lately. #Liawatha #Pocahontas 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Receipts 
@MalaikaJabali @emmigauche I basically agree with this sentiment: 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Mortgage Bond That Vanished Is Back 
@Wise_Owl_Trader @gamesblazer06 Respectfully, while many try to make this political @federalreserve acts either with a backbone or without. Fed’s focus is Credit, NOT equity. Contrary to popular belief. Equity is a mere benefactor of the Fed saving a credit mkt unable to b stress tested. 
Well, well, well. We'll see now won't we? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
High-frequency traders earn nearly $5 billion on global stock markets a year by taking advantage of slightly out-of-date prices, imposing a small but significant tax on investors. 
More like a RussiaThon! Be afraid, be very afraid; Ivan is coming! 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"No Palestinian officials attended the event but the ambassadors of Oman, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates were in attendance." 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros, Red Sox Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
This is ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ legacy... Bankrupting America for generations and then using the debt to cut Social Security, Medicare and other social programs. #TrumpIsANationalSecurityThreat 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It CLAIM they are responsible for FOX's high ratings 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Bill Nye To Dress Up As Real Scientist For Halloween 
U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus 
The defense highlighted how Haley remained in touch with Weinstein long after the alleged assault, asking to see him, pitching projects and reminiscing about their time together. “I wanted him to love me as a person… for professional reasons,” she said. 
All fair lines of inquiry...if you need his favorite author, there’s a 91.6% chance it’s Noam Chomsky. Otherwise, Judy Blume. 
“They found it hanging on the wall next to a hammer &amp; sickle flag. They tore it down and returned it to Boston University for safekeeping.” was way ahead of me. Thanks to @KreatorofTweets! 🤣 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Bolton should be prosecuted for disclosing privileged information and the NSC employees at the WH should be fired and replaced for leaking Boltons Book manuscript Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports - 
.@Starbucks recently joined in an effort to limit its environmental impact by cutting its water use &amp; reducing trash sent to landfills in the next decade. The company has plans to use more reusable coffee cups &amp; revise its menu. Learn more: 
GOP doesn't have the votes to block witnesses. 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
lol i'm dead 
Old #rulers are afraid of the growing group #young people. Uganda installed camera’s everywhere ‘to fight crime’. #Worrying, as China can experiment there with facial recognition #cctv 
: d078d287-57fe-4ed4-a0fd-381f6d010d2b 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via 
Patrick Mahomes’s presence in this Super Bowl is a crowning moment for this philosophy that was once persistently assailed by critics who said it would never work at the highest level of football. 
"At press time, sources confirmed the fictional woman, who is currently single while focusing on her career, had just bumped into an insufferable though admittedly handsome young man downstairs..." 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
#Venezuela Did Trump let Putin win? 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Real estate startups find benefits in gradual growth -- 
Brian Stelter will produce satirical videos for , moving the site into the realm of video content for the first time. Again, though, his show's content will remain unchanged. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science: Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective. Via: 
Better late than never. New Jersey just figured out that if you give an agency a % for ever incentive they give out, they have the incentive to give out a lot of incentives. via 
“I often dip into these places where I feel the depths of sincerity while playing him,” says Penn Badgley of playing Joe Goldberg on "You." We talked to actor about how he became the biggest creep on TV. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
$CCL Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages 
#UpLink is a community builder, a matchmaker, and will aim to connect changemakers to leaders, organizations, and other individuals with like-minded passions and missions. #connectforimpact #impactthatmatters 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
some of the funds from Wuhan to be deposited for him in a Chinese bank account and some provided in cash. “Our university has put your salary in your…[bank] card and we will help you change the cash for you when you come to Wuhan via 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Resistance Activists Form Angry Mobs Targeting Undesirables In Order To Stop Rise Of Nazism | 
Nike’s website sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise in the wake of the basketball superstar’s sudden death, the sportswear giant said, rebutting media reports it had pulled the products 
#US sen. McConnell says #GOP doesn’t have votes to block #Trump impeachment Witnesses. coming up with the news. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s Fur Coat - 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Now back to our coverage of the Wuhan Fitness Games. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via 
Cowboy style that’s at home on the range and in the city. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection via 
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal. 
U.S. Signals Crackdown on Counterfeit Goods Sold Online - 
😂😂😂 Touché. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game via ⁦⁩ 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. (So ⁦@GOP ⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ when do we see benefits of the Trump Tax cut) 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
The Trump team's aggressive push for local news coverage reflects the campaign's vast resources and reveals a strategic goal: to shift focus of coverage away from events dominating the national media, like the impeachment trial: via @catherine_lucey 
@StormyDaniels.. this one's for you! Can these folks get any nuttier? How's that gospel working for you now? #stormyrocks #resist #canthisgetanynuttier #evangelicalbaloney #TrumpIsALaughingStock 
CBS chief Joe Ianniello hasn’t yet decided whether to join Platinum Equity’s bid for Univision 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
PayPal's Stock Drops After Management Move 
Schumer rejects Lankford idea on reading Bolton book in secure setting: "What an absurd proposal," he said. "It is a book. There is no need for it to be read in the SCIF unless you want to hide something," 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
» Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' #MAGA #TRUMP 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
HAHAHAHA!! Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in #Venezuela Interesting read. 
‘Black Wave’ Review: Islam Against Itself 
Objections 2019. Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
"Customers would also be responsible for paying a monthly activation fee to cover any nutritional needs." 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses -(Then you better call all the witnesses that the House denied Trump) 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - - DOLLAR FLIGHT? 
@jinngaa @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via / Call for the vote! Let the American people see which Senators voted not to acquit! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing #Satire Site #CNN | 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
To fight #coronavirus, Hong Kong netizens have been wanting a full border shutdown for days. Saying it isn't warranted now, the city's leader, however, responded Tuesday with a heavy cut-back on travels between China and Hong Kong. w/ @srussolillo 
#workforcedevelopment has an increasing footprint in the nonprofit world, but reentry programs are less common than upskilling. While this is about a for profit company, there's a lot here that NP's can emulate. Plus, what a grea… 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses #people #reality 
Starbucks Unveils New Satanic Holiday Cups | #travelwebsite #bookhotel #CheapFlights 
@SenSchumer News Flash 🙂 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
As House managers of impeachment trial talk about subpoenaing former national security adviser John Bolton it is significant that they previously decided to forego this testimony during House inquiry: via 
Report: 87% Of Americans Unaware They Have Been Chosen In Later Rounds Of MLB Draft 
@marklevinshow Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center. di 
Kobe Bryant Was Michael Jordan for Today’s NBA Players - 
Nothing to see here 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial. 
Kenneth%20Copeland%20In%20A%20Real%20Pickle%20After%20Audience%20Member%20Names,%20Claims%20His%20Private%20Jet 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
This NEWS SITE is the only one that reports the TRUTH without mincing words. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Don't mind me. Just talking about Billie Eilish on the Wall Street Journal: 
@CrimeADay How do they define "Milk"? 
The #coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment. via 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
One phone company targeted today, operating out of a residence with minimal equipment, in 23 days connected 720 MILLION ROBOCALLS mostly from India. Here’s a pic breaking down one week of calls state by state 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The Awkward Heirloom: No One Wants Grandma’s #Fur #Coat Families with vintage fur coats are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion and politics. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
: Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan #WhatDoYouThink? 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Kellyanne Conway Decides To Lie Low Until Rule Of Law Dies Down 
In other news... In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
knocking it out of the park today...🤣 
"Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’" BTS 
Pretty much... 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via I would say to rep senators remember your voters first not dem fear of what's coming! 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts request for parliamentary immunity from prosecution on corruption charges via 
Sad: This Mormon Missionary Just Realized He's Been Riding A Stationary Bike For Two Years | 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to heal rifts opened amid protests and U.S. pressure via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
People everywhere are really tired of this couple...REALLY tired. Clintons Outnumber Crowd At Latest Speaking Engagement 
Sunday Funnies 🤭🤭🤭 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
No longer fiction. 
“President Trump’s Middle East peace plan, to be formally unveiled Tuesday, is a detailed blueprint of more than 50 pages that outlines his administration’s ideas about how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem...” 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Breaking: 
I think I saw her out at Kennsington last summer. 
Can people just stop flying in bad weather?! What's so hard?! People get killed. JFK Jr. Ron Brown? Others? Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
But how will Democrats continue their strategy of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory?? #PresidentSanders 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - via @retailwire #retail @Apple 
It would be funny if it weren't so believable. Trump could kill a senator during the trial, and they'd still vote 53-47 to acquit ... or 52-47 if he killed a Republican. Here's hoping Trump chooses to shoot Mitch McConnell! 
Hutchison and Mikulski: A Right to Choose Single-Sex Education - Wall Street Journal 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 "How Putin outfoxed Trump” other breaking news: How words befuddled Trump How a chicken ran a casino better than Trump How a toilet bested Trump How a pretzel scored higher on a cognitive test than Trump 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues (h/t @cmeik) 
The John Bolton Report - “The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows.” 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Thank you CIA, we love Jeanine Anez! Report: Majority Of CIA Now Ready To Install Female World Leader 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
SMH. Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore Deloitte’s article. With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Shilpa Yarlagadda started her fine jewelry company, Shiffon, in her Harvard dorm room. It’s become a celebrity favorite and she’s using half of the profits to fund female-led companies around the world—and she hasn’t even graduated yet: 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Minnesota Man Forced To Warm Himself In Tauntaun Carcass 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
OK, the actual news part of the CBO release is here: 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES.... needed, 51 senators so, can't dismiss, can't block lying witnesses 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
First-Time #Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring Is the truth coming out, or by making a joke of it, are we being desensitized? Either way very interesting to see this fake news report 
This is one of the biggest pieces of policy I have been waiting for from ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ we must stand with Israel! Lets work with the Palestinian people. 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
The Pursuit of Excellence "VistaJet Founder and CEO, Thomas Flohr takes to the skies with Peter Fuda to discuss.....carbon pollution...well not really 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
It makes sense, but TIL that helicopters follow highways for their routes The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
@mnicoletos @SantiagoAuFund @LukeGromen @parlin56 All part of the plan Michael. Only through perpetual crises and destroying countries like yours can they impose their will on the continent 😉 Now they have a lawyer dealmaker at the helm. All part of the plan 😎 
Not satire. 
@Bing7789 @firedup79 @MrTamhas @TheSteveTheCat @tulipglory @GangstaMimi @therealwombat1 @pithypacky @Boschii Here’s the article 
Village Inn, Bakers Square Restaurant Chains File for Bankruptcy 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake #MAGA #TRUMP 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Target a US retailer has - 3,200+ full-time software developers - Focus on customer loyalty programs. Imagine DMART repeating this in few years for India...Power of AI 
Must read from @TedNordhaus: "In the real climate debate, no one denies the relationship between human emissions…&amp; a warming climate. Instead, the disagreement comes down to different views of climate risk in the face of multiple, cascading uncertainties" 
Abolish Asia’s Wet Markets:Op-ed ⁦⁩ 
#Amazon #IdentityTheft Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
EXCELLENT! Do it! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Harvard’s Chem Dep’t Chair, Charles Lieber, allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding; charged. 
Great piece by @jensmith on micro-fulfillment featuring @HeadlineMediaPR client, Fabric! #Startups #VentureCapital #StartupNation #Robotics #AI 
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them via 
“'As you address members of this deliberative body, please bear in mind that nothing you say or do will have any effect on the completely predetermined outcome of these proceedings,' said Roberts." 
@randall_bobb @RalphS24381648 @silentp97132138 @keith32541 @MSPOA @CtonneTonne @BethMosher5 @lisakitchens8 @JerryArk @homerjarvis11 @MarilynLavala @JayStJames2 @StarEHope @mac31972 @Consofcooking1 @Situation_Aware @GracieLovesUSA @TheAkmed @Quin4Trump @DelayKathleen @Big_crusher1000 @KarenLockard5 @KarlAda46240558 @cuckadoodleshoo @jester_60 @saving_one @fedagentmark @Manmade011 @imadmf @robin_ked @JoyGarn31949049 @karmaal2010 @Streetsurvivor7 @cjolds @EvrybodysGotOne @Parry2Shawn @kim_kspain593 @Loveflowrzz @RUSTY1012000 @EDMarsat2017 @Lynnett46863253 @BordenDaytime @MetalGal @Ladd10Tony @vesupak @walkawaylib @Lakewayjay @Palidyn @NRA_4ME Love this sarcasm By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
If you don't see now, the absolute bought, and paid for hypocrisy at play here... If ANY of this resonates as a possibility of taking place in reality-then where you live, probably is not reality... Try not to throw up. 👇🏾🤒👎🏾👇🏾🤒 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
#Biden2020 @JoeBiden Add Venezuela to the countries that Trump has LOST out of incompetence, avarice, corruption or a combination. The others: Cuba, Syria, Iraq (TRIED to abandon NATO, So. Korea-- Patriots intervened). 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via --THE JOHN BOLTON REPORT @jjauthor 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks Here's his commentary, starting from the beginning of #2020: @michaelsderby’s Take: Fed Surmounts #Repo Market Challenge, at Least for Now, in CentralBanks - 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election | 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Johns Hopkins University is blowing up its business-school curriculum via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I knew it ⁦@LynnDempsey16⁩! It’s all here! 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' | 
This counts as Object-Oriented Ontology. 
Here are some of the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Tuesday’s session 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone (Satire) ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩ ⁦@RepMaxineWaters⁩ ⁦@ericswalwell⁩ 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It by 
NEW: McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses He is giving trump a heads up so he has an evening and night to threaten those who might not vote the way he wants. More Mafia threats? 
Trump's team targets Bolton’s credibility 
🚨 “GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump.” 
Supervisor Encourages Interns To Take On More Responsibilities Of 3 Full-Time Staff Members 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
So much winning! 
Looks like the thinks @joniernst is a joke. If you want a Senator who will do their job and bring dignity to the office, donate to my campaign to unseat her ➡ 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Harvard scientist Charles Lieber has been arrested, after he allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy 
@breakingavnews @Airsquad9 RIP to the crew “The bodies of the service members, the only people on board, were recovered Tuesday...” 
36% of all new housing and 32% of all new #affordablehousing under Housing New York has been built in the 25% of neighborhoods with the highest incomes. 
Martin Shkreli is facing new antitrust charges for trying to block production of a generic daraprim alt via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar #MAGA #TRUMP 
The news reports are going to miss the key part: this had to go for a vote in Parliament. The decision hasn't been made and MPs are going to be quite embarrassed voting for Beijing 
Family Gonna Be Sorry When They Want Some Trail Mix From Dad's Cargo Shorts They Just Made Fun Of 
.@kslaw partner Sarah Borders explained to Pro Bankruptcy why the number of #restructurings of U.S. companies completed last year jumped compared to 2018. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Make the ban permanent -for people, for wildlife. Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - 
This pathetic sad little girl needs treatment urgently. She can cause more damage to her little demented brain 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
Narrator: He will have the votes by Friday. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Hate it when that happens. Perhaps it's a good thing I've not played in church for a while? 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
@Acosta Giuliani only need a million rubles. 
New and improved! 
Figured this would happen soon enough. 
The debt load in the U.S. is exploding, yet bond yields are trading near record lows, giving Uncle Sam breathing room to ramp up more debt. 
We can't have AMERICANS meddling in OUR elections! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election . 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
When the Left degrades the President and the presidency it weakens everyone, not just USA. 
Since everyone’s talking about Andy Reid here’s one of my favorite articles about him ever. 
Bernie Sanders Holds Secret Campaign Meeting With 15,000 Working-Class Democratic Donors 
#BuildTheWall Just south of Waco. Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
📰 "U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump" 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups 
I Am Fun 
Northam reminded everyone that Virginia is his state, his choice, and that it's not a state full of American citizens with God-given rights unless he declares it to be so. 
Jim has spread the "Gospel" himself over the years. 
Lmao. Here they mock her and themselves and all of us to who mock her. Grade A. 
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans via 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Wall St: The Volcker Rule's proprietary trading restriction is too complex, we need simplification! Also Wall St: The Volcker Rule's covered funds restriction is too simple, we need a complex set of carveouts! Ease of evasion is the guiding principle. 
Most HILLARIOUS BLASPHEMY of the day: FELON fraudster and “televangelist” JIM BAKKER, says: “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' 
😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The UK will ban Huawei from "centralized parts of the 5G infrastructure that route data across the network" as well as sensitive locations uh...I'm not sure that's how 5G works! 
From Discover on Google 
@John_the_L @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth #SmartNews 
They won't get 20 votes no matter what. A colossal waste of our money and @mittromney and the other clowns should be ashamed that they gave in to their liberal masters. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
I comment on the mixed-positive findings about NYC’s community schools. via 
@ContentedIndie @pavanvan Shirtless Biden Washes Trans Am In White House ... - 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #MAGA #TRUMP 
Royal Caribbean Vessel Erupts From Mount Saint Helens After 8,000-Mile Cruise Through Center Of Earth 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus - #MARGAUXMONET 
@JAHaluska @ChicagoCouncil The accepted term is The North. There were long debates about this years ago. 
@bigmanlydia I think about this piece every time I read a Pynchon title on public transport, which happens a lot: 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
: A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #MAGA #TRUMP 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
Yup, we're talking earnings this morning. My latest: 3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and to eliminate 1,500 jobs. via 
Western Investors Are Shark Bait in China’s $1.4 Trillion Bad-Debt Ocean - 
A public option isn’t Medicare for All, but it will still bust federal budgets, hurt patient care and gut private insurers, writes @lanheechen 
God don’t let this get out to the LIBS!😂😂😂 
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via 
Tyson Foods, Boeing, Slack: Stocks That Defined The Week 
WTH is Rick Scott running ads in Iowa?? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@RBlakeBrown Here’s another timely article for you to use: 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects THANKS @realDonaldTrump @GOP vote @DNC this time. Historically they keep that number in check. Just a Fact! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😂😂 But Schiffty, Nadler Dumpty, and Nervous Nancy are tampering with the 2020 election. That's what this Schiff Show is all about. 
.Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Republicans are no longer the party of fiscal conservatives. When they slash safety nets, they do it out of cruelty instead of the guise of concern for spending. 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 
@LGHammer @BetteMidler Check out this article: "Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. 'We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,' he said." Because they didn't include Palestinians in the plans, it's just demands, not peace. 
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
: f7409cf3-d3fe-492c-b6a4-92959b45d846 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump 
Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom 
“Else­where, users of so­cial me­dia have re­placed the Chi­nese term for “coro­n­avirus” with “gov­ern­ment of­fi­cial-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Man­darin—to mock what they see as a fum­bling re­sponse from the state.” 
@Harvard needs to take a hard look at its priorities. 
#Republicans fear #Biden so much they're trying to turn the primary #GOP #Biden2020 #BidenHarris2020 
Really @SenateGOP @SenMajLdr @VP ??? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Stormy must have been spanking Trump with one of those Gideon Bibles. 🤔 
The wife cheerily gets all the kids ready, loads them all into the custom stroller, and goes on a quick 5-mile run around a nearby lake. 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
Harvard chemistry professor allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about financials ties with China 
As long as the #DNC overlords don't deploy this cultural death star, #BernieSanders is a shoe-in. 
Wearing old fur still promotes it as fashionable, increasing acceptance and resulting in more furry victims. Instead, donate old fur to help orphaned animals in wildlife sanctuaries, Australian fires, etc. 
Very torn with my choice in online news now...I read this from And wonder what the author is truly thinking? #smokinggun #ImpeachmentTrials 
****BREAKING NEWS **** 
@oliverdarcy @brianstelter In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN CNN will also benefit, as their content will now be clearly labeled satire, protecting them from getting sued to high heaven for their skewed coverage #NickSandmann #FakeNews 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. via 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 👇LIAR LIAR LIAR.👇 
British Airways cancels all flights to China as the deadly #WuhanCoronavirus spreads. It says the flights to Hong Kong, where the city’s leader refuses to close all border checkpoints with China to control outbreak, will continue. 
⁦@RealCandaceO⁩ ⁦@DiamondandSilk⁩ I don’t know if you saw this article. But I thought it was amazing and would probably mean more being tweeted by you than a white girl from the Midwest! 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via @sprint 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Pretty much every recipe seems to work, and it's relatively uncomplicated: Cookbook author and British mainstay Diana Henry on her new book, ‘From the Oven to the Table’ via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
*Prepares Resume* 
Fewer, higher quality employees. “Today, Minneapolis-based Target has about 4,000 IT employees, more than 80% of whom are full-time software engineers and developers. Before Mr. McNamara took over, the company had about 10,000 IT workers” 
Even moderate Democratic 2020 presidential candidates have quietly proposed to raise the tax rate on labor by double digits and it’s received almost no attention. 
New Study Finds Staring Out From Balcony With Best Friends Strongest Indicator That This Your City, Your Time 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
“The plan was criticized by some experts as a ploy to boost Netanyahu &amp; Trump domestically while failing to narrow the deep-seated differences between Palestinians &amp; Israelis. Trump faces an impeachment trial while Netanyahu has been charged with bribery.” 
Global housing downturn. Methinks London still a European bolt hole. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
@GTIATJohn316 @DeenaLilacs @nwgoboating Which is the same joke that the Babylon Bee made: 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Kobe Bryant's helicopter wasn't equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system as it descended at 2,000 feet per minute before a "high-energy impact crash." Tonight's news story with @ailworth and the team: 
@HouseGOP Seriously? Gaslighting your own @GOP base with LIES... they should be insulted, but guessing they’re simply ill-informed and wish to stay that way? Unbelievable. Really. #GOPCoverup #DemocracyOnTrial #ExGOP #WitnessesAndDocuments #WhatAreTheyHiding 
Whoaaa!!! 
State Department urges Americans to reconsider travel to China due to the risk of coronavirus infection; CDC recommends avoiding all nonessential travel to China 
For some odd reason... this sounds familiar. 
Fascism...Americas favorite dish 
Pompeo Clarifies Anyone In Country Can Listen In On Trump Administration Calls By Picking Up Phone, Dialing 9 
CBO projects historically large U.S. budget deficits—topping $1 trillion/year for the next decade and hitting levels not seen since WWII—driving debt to 98% of GDP by 2030. More context and details by @RichardRubinDC here: 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed a very deeply sad satire on the immorality of our social fabric today 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Awesome! Hey, Bakker, I don’t believe in god either. Do you think you can get trump to start a program to pay us all $$$ to get our lives back on track. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,” Explains Jim Bakker | 
@jacob_shairs You're lucky you got to meet her while you still could: 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
. What a novel idea. Make it Agenda Item #1, alongside joining civilized society. #WuhanCoronavirus #coronarvirues . 
This seems significant. 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @KimStrassel 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects If only there was a party that was fiscally prudent and concerned about cost control.... Too bad #Trumpublicans spend like Democrats these days. Where are our fiscal hawks??? 
Remember the good old days, when this was satire? 😍 Man Finally Put In Charge Of Struggling Feminist Movement 
@rob0349 @immerresistdjt On top of that he is leaving over 700 Americans in Wuhan China as the plane only had room for 250 and those people have to pay back the government more than double what it would cost for a commercial air flight! 
The 'Bee owns cnn every day LOL 
“The increasingly secular nation has replaced its outdated religious ideas with more advanced, enlightened ideas, like telling you what behavior is immoral and predicting when the world is going to end.” It would be difficult for me to be laughing harder. 
Me, today, with a bowl of M &amp; M's 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. yes they will vote ? 
@nj_back Welcome to the Party—Now Go Home Why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew in the Republican primary. #TakeBackNJ 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate #sarcasm #people 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down - The Wall Street Journal 
21st century fax. In a world where the Apple Watch is being deployed in medical studies, why do we still rely on a clunky beige box that peaked in popularity around the same time as the Walkman?  via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected areas 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
The best fake news in the world does it again! 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Remember, it's just satire 😏 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
This will crack u up ! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Op-Ed - Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism via 
The Vanishing Executive Assistant - 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus - 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Infinity is a lot 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the #USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
I'm waiting for one of them to announce a burning of the vanities. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus - The Wall Street Journal 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Credit Suisse CEO says allegations are "entirely false and defamatory" #CorpGov 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Lil' Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Bee a busy bee 
Much love to the Bee 
Congratulations to The Boeing Company in taking to the skies with the world’s largest twin-engine plane, the 777X. JBT is excited to be a part of this momentous event and providing excellent ability to tow the Boeing 777X with the B950. 
This is good. Until now, I didn’t know that there was a concerted federal effort to crack down on “Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities.” 
RINO's raising their Godless, evil, backstabbing heads. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Harvard’s chemistry chairman is charged with undisclosed ties to China: Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Actually it is kinda fun. The problem with it is that most of the outrage memes are developed by hackers. 
For all you #wokefolk 
@paulcdejean @BryanGividen @JoshABlock @mjs_DC @jadler1969 I suppose it’s in the eye of the beholder whether this is a “reasonable” argument ... but FWIW I also think Sam Bray (cited by Gorsuch yesterday) also argues that they’re almost always unlawful. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
“The Pentagon is concerned that if US firms can’t continue to ship to Huawei, they will lose a key source of revenue—depriving them of money for R&amp;D needed to maintain a technological edge” The dilemmas of competition on a globalised world. 
'1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section 
A California couple whose solar company counted Berkshire Hathaway as an investor pleaded guilty to running a $900 million Ponzi scheme via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace #Trumpscammingmedia with bogus Middle East plan Don’t be deceived! 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
This is huge. 
Fiction: Sam Sacks on “Hitting a Straight Lick With a Crooked Stick” by Zora Neale Hurston. via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Classic : "Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From" 
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
"Bolton emerged from the icy polar waters to say he will testify as long as Congress provides ample supplies of cod and marine mollusks." 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) January 23rd, 2020 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
bought CNN! 🤣👌👍 It's now the largest satire site on the planet! #FakeNewsCNN 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
As were you when you were accused of raping Jessica Hahn. #ReligiousCharlatan #Crook #adulterer 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? | 
McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content #SmartNews 
@CBHessick And even reported that the second point the defense is making was false too. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Late to twitter today, but, wowzers... 
@SenSanders Oh man, that sucks. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
Maybe nature is trying to wean the Chinese off their appetite for wild animals. Or maybe the message is aimed at human meat eaters in general. (No, I’m not a vegetarian ... yet.) 
Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns - And justifiably so. Internet voting isn’t technically secure... yet. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
"The televangelist ended his broadcast by wagering that there were probably “many, many more” sex-industry workers like Daniels who could tell a similarly inspiring story about President Trump." 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | ... if only this wasn't humor! :-p 
2020 Fitness Hacks - #humor #fitness #2020 #lifehacks 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
“Life was basically as peaceful as a John Lennon song or a Communist country.” 😂 
the New York Times account of what the book says about Mr. Trump and Ukraine appears a month later—on the eve of the Senate vote on witnesses. The timing is Kavanaugh-esque -- John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 😮 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - #YearOfTheRat #Coronavirus 
#classic Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
“There are a lot of older women in this industry who have been little-sister nice to me. I love them. I can call them for anything,” Selena Gomez says. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
: a86a3a17-9b4b-4b66-840a-065c1acf0a98 
“22% of voters thought the Senate should be replaced by BARKING SEALS, while 17% voted that the replacement should be the pit of VENOMOUS SNAKES from INDIANA JONES. 3.97% voted that Senate members be replaced by SCREAMING GOATS.” 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
How China Is Building Two Hospitals in a Few Days via #Construction #Hospitals #Contagion #Quarantine #Coronaviruses #ZoonoticDiseases #InfectionPrevention #InfectionControl #Biosecurity #Vaccines #PandemicPreparedness #Hygiene #GlobalHealthSecurity 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby’s Take: Fed May Tweak a Key Rate Again, but This Time With a Move Higher, in CentralBanks - #IOER #reverserepo - 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal | 
"Sneering hashtags, “Saturday Night Live” skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them." 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
NFL Players Push To Expose Whistleblower Who Made Public Allegations Of Offsides 
ROFL. TOO MUCH TRUTH IN THIS SATIRE. 
phuckwad 
CBS bets big on ‘Star Trek: Picard’ to boost streaming business 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | #satire 
What do you know! Not enough votes to block witnesses 
U.S. and Israel will form a joint committee to refine the plan; President says a future Palestinian state depends on a “firm rejection of terrorism” 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags | 
ISRAEL&amp;mdash;Archaeologists claim to have found King David&amp;#39;s "Make Israel Great Again" hat. The post Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat appeared first on . 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
A decade ago, ‘the fight was against one man,’ says one observer. ‘Now it’s against the entire system.’ #lebanon 
Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN for $12 Billion. 
@OANN @realDonaldTrump However, it could take up to a year before it becomes available to the public. *** Identified on Jan. 7, 2020 as new virus. 100 deaths in 21 days. 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines ‼️‼️🚨🚨🚨🚨😂 #comingsoon 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
“@DevalPatrick impressed us w/comprehensive plan 4 best way to spend 36hrs in Marrakech -proved he’s ready to lead w/extensive knowledge of everything from concierge services to finding best bar...Family vacay, romantic getaway, theres no better candidate” 
link to article, dude’s a good writer 
is expanding its warehouse operations in Staten Island as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to its New York-area consumers. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
TPG in Talks to Split With Its $33 Billion Credit-Investing Arm: #PrivateEquity #TPG 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects .... so who is going to pay for all of this. ... @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
"Democrats also said they even have hard evidence that the 2016 election was compromised by Republicans voting for Trump..." 🤣🤣🤣 @V_actually @Jillibean557 @BlognificentB @BenKTallmadge @BibleBeltDarlin @catturd2 @CathyMAGA @Tokaise @FluffyDogAttack 😉 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing A Semen sermon With That Porn Star,' Mock cries Jim Bakker Bakkker is an evil liar and a false prophet. 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - 
Taylor Swift’s ‘Lover’ Wins Grammy For Best Children’s Album #joke #comedy 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
"As Virus Spreads, Isolated Taiwan Risks Being a Loophole in War on Epidemics - " ( ) 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales - 
Don't worry, they'll make it a big deal about it just as soon as there's another Democrat in the White House. Democrats will make their base pay for it, as usual. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses ".....infinitely malleable....." Poor Pat. He obviously hasn't read the U.S. Declaration of Independence recently. 
Superman Criticized As Unrealistic For Portraying A Journalist As Heroic 
Number of #babyboomers entering retirement is expected to grow for several years, while the number of college-bound high-school grads is projected to decline. 
@PostOpinions @InspiringU2 @ThePlumLineGS Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial Reality show? 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
John Bolton is a staunch conservative credible with Republicans and is not a man who will back down from his principles. The exact reasons why the statements in his book regarding the Ukraine are a problem for the Trump Administration. #ImpeachmentTrials 
: b5401602-1260-48be-925b-22426b77d407 
Her clothes wouldn’t look out of place on the Oregon Trail. But Emily Adams Bode is selling out on Madison Avenue and stopping traffic on Hollywood red carpets—one custom patchwork jacket at a time: 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
markets: The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder 
@CNNNewsource Stop stealing headlines from the Babylon Bee! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
@jrutle @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻👌🏻 Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
BOOM! via 
Say what you like about Hillary, but at least she is practical! #HillaryIsGuilty #HillaryForPrison 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Thousand Talents Plan.... Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Sus­tained fed­eral bud­get deficits and debt will hit the high­est lev­els since World War II over the next decade, ac­cord­ing to a Con­gres­sional Bud­get Office re­port re­leased on Tues­day. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
U.S. Companies Fuel Europe’s Green-Energy Push 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial #MAGA #TRUMP 
“Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, people familiar with the matter said.” 
@CNN Grow the fuk up snowflakes &amp; stop lying 2 America #wethepeople will decide who we want as President not u lying maggots who have no integrity or sensitivity about the impact u have on people's lives. U will all reap what u've sown in time #Trump2020 
WELL DESERVED!!! 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
"When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with." | 😂🤣 
@realDonaldTrump If we're going to impeach a president for a non-crime and a conversation with a foreign leader for the abettance in a US presidential election I prefer this one... 
#Democrats Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It Tweet by 
@CNN THE RISE IN LABOR TAX- 
Interesting. Previous headline was “Mr. #McConnell does not have the votes to block witnesses.” 
Many smaller mining companies are hibernating to survive their industry’s downturn via 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
#MondayMorning At least eight people were killed in a northern Alabama dock fire that destroyed at least 35 vessels via 
@PoliticalKathy 2/2 The Gates, Bloomberg and other billionaires have met before to discuss population control. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Democrats%2520Warn%2520That%2520American%2520People%2520May%2520Tamper%2520With%2520Next%2520Election 
Roughly 100 people in the U.S. have been investigated for coronavirus after showing potential symptoms. Five of those were confirmed positive. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Most #handwashing programs focus on #lessdeveloped countries. Here is why the #developed world should start worrying!! #coronavirus #sars #hospital #hygiene #publichealth 
Different venue than Toronto, but still has some of Google's ambitions on topic of city planning. Will this shot do better? 
I've listened to zero minutes and zero seconds of Joe Rogan, but I know what I know. And I know this: once again, gets it more correct than virtually all legacy media and punditry does. 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
EXACTLY!!!!!! @cvpayne 
Additional proof that #taxreform is having a negative impact on the real estate market in #SALT states. Good article by ⁦@BethDeCarbo⁩ in ⁦ . Interesting that ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ changed his residence to #Fla to save on taxes 
Well we just can’t have any of this!! Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN has been the world's best satire site for thousands of years, spawning dozens of secular knock-offs that just aren't quite as good. 
Global property market a bit shaky despite global economic growth. Ominous sign??? 
@ZelenskyyUa @RudyGiuliani [8] Senate never returned from recess. Tomorrow begins the 16 hours of questioning the prosecution and defense by the Senators. According to the Wall St. Journal, @senatemajldr, McConnell doesn't have the @SenateGOP votes to block impeachment witnesses ( 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses 
Once again some of the best reporting by about the Joe Rogan endorsement of Sanders: "I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.": 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
#ThatsGoodBee - Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
: e3e5876b-274d-46fa-bbfd-5cbd9bdbb1c4 
Can't stop laughing. Hard to tweet... 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
#MoscowMitchMcTreason tells Republikkkans they don't have the votes to avoid calling witnesses to #SenateTrial. No love lost between he &amp; #Trump. Political expediency. Was this was part of his plan? #AmericansDemandWitnesses #BoltonWillTestify #OneVoice1 
So apparently @SenCoryGardner is more concerned with his own re-election than the Constitution he swore to uphold. Time to make some calls. His Denver office (303) 391-5777, DC (202) 224-5941 A real trial needs witnesses &amp; evidence via 
"Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did" 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
@Timcast Nancy Pelosi announced Thursday. that the articles of impeachment will now just read, "ORANGE MAN BAD" in giant letters. 
Who needs satire? This is too close to the real thing. With the support of an hysteric MSM of course. 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus 
Broadband growth fuels Comcast’s latest results @Lilliannnn 
The Chart-Topping Rock Band You’ve Never Heard Of Breaking Benjamin has gained a huge following between the coasts but is largely invisible to everyone but its fans 
“Thanks, MacGruber. You’ve made me a teeny bit richer than I already am.” 
The Taliban appear to have received anti-aircraft missiles. They claimed that they had dropped down a U.S. surveillance craft in Ghazni of Afghanistan, but U.S. defense official says there was no indication Monday’s crash was caused by enemy fire. 
All Aboard the Trump (Impeachment) Train - Editorial: The John Bolton Report (Wall Street Journal) 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Score one for open democracy. 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Hermès is leaping into makeup. For now, there is only lipstick, for $67, with refills for $42. It comes in 24 colors (plus three additional options every season, for $72 each) and two different textures. 
A tie up between the bankrupt milk producing giant Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America would likely help stablize the US dairy industry at the further expense of small farms. Low prices are easy for verticle conglomerates, not for the local guys. 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
@ewadswor @MelAnneRose @johnsonfoodbev @GretaThunberg @ouchinagirl Well at least I have a head and haven’t lost mine like you with your blinders on ! 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Casual reminder that I hate Disney. I really really hate them. just got off the phone call and I'm hearing about Disney going around suing star wars fan creators.. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
: a06d301b-5a65-4738-9118-4b1eec37a2f3 
@brad_polumbo WADR, I feel like the really did it better back in 2001. 
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version 
What do #CEOs need to strategically consider as the global macroeconomy and geopolitical environment remain unpredictable and challenging? Insights from @DeloitteUS @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” 
Quote “Ukraine never opened an inves­ti­ga­tion, the U.S. aid was de­liv­ered on time, and Mr. Trump met with Ukraine’s Pres­ident in New York. There was no crime, and Mr. Trump’s military sup­port for Ukraine con­tinues to be far more ro­bust than Oba­ma” 
That's gotta hurt: Massive Plank Appears In #AdamSchiff's Eye As He Accuses #Trump Of Being A Liar. #Impeachment Hoax 
A damning review of Communist Chinese health care system. A Made-in-China Contagion 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
Village Inn, Bakers Square Restaurant Chains File for Bankruptcy: Family-friendly restaurant chains blamed chapter 11 filing on competition from newer and larger dining operators 
Authorities Abandon Search For Missing Girl After Finding Huge Bass While Dredging Lake 
@LostMyInvite @TJChillN89 @powertoimpeach @realDonaldTrump Oh okay thanks never knew that. Not a Fox news fan, I watch Fox, CNN, MSNBC, not really someone to live in am echo chamber... Honestly the most news I read is 
The Bee is on a roll. 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
The UK government has given the green light for Huawei to build part of its next-generation 5G cellular network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration to boycott the Chinese telecoms vendor over security fears, @maximculch reports. Read here: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
Good Morning Woodticks an Patriots!™ Well ... shame on us. Somebody voted for this one ... and now ... ? He's crawled out from his election camouflage But but butt ...yet again - we the people elected this (insert your term) as always just a... 
I’m sure folks realize this is gopig smear madlibs though. Been here. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
The Education of Raul Velez 
GOP Lacks Votes to Block Impeachment Trial Witnesses 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Democrats' Schiff-ty Logic: 1. We rigged the "System" in the 2016 Election so Hillary would win. 2. Trump won. 3. Therefore, Trump cheated the "System." So, the vote cannot be trusted to give us our result. 😡 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
: Bolton's book says what "nearly everyone already assumed": withholding Ukraine aid was tied to the investigation of Biden, but this bribery solicitation is not a crime or misdemeanor. Wait, what? #Impeach via 
PRO-TIP: Your Wife Is Never 'Fine" And You Should Live In Constant Fear Of Her Merciless and Never-Ending Wrath. #BeScaredBeVeryScared 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | I can’t! Is this affiliated with ? 
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 as of Friday were seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest forecast since 3Q 2017...Vix uptrend at the gate! 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial: 
This isn’t an isolated incident. Chinese theft of American talent &amp; IP is a serious and systemic problem. We published a Permanent Subcmte on Investigations rpt on this just last fall. Legislation is in the works to address this issue. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
I AM TRYING OKAY God Furious At Every Human Who Isn’t Actively Trying To Get As Fat As Possible Off Bounty He Provided 
"If an immigrant makes use of a public assistance program such as housing assistance, food stamps or Medicaid- or an immigration officer estimates he or she might in the future- the person could be denied a green card or barred from the U.S. altogether." 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Heard on the Street: Medical-device stocks are hot, but strong earnings are needed for the sector to maintain momentum. via 
PSEUDO-Gamut Alert: “The maker of every­thing from Post-it Notes to mo­lar crowns said Tues­day the cuts would be across its busi­nesses and would save the com­pany $110 mil­lion to $120 mil­lion a year..” So, what lies between Post-Its and molar crowns? 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
@dcexaminer @BorisJohnson @BenSasse Uh huh ... 
Lolol 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
For a good laugh check out... 10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
@realDonaldTrump But Trump's children are provided for - all at the expense of you - Americans! 
Oh the whit! 
Wall Street Journal 
Another Bee BINGO 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor Well, he wanted to be a screenwriter! 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
#vvccis101 #socialmedia #satire MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ via 
The top trends and moments you need to know from the men’s fall fashion shows in Europe 
Gold 
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to REIT Stocks 
Investors will watch Apple’s earnings to assess the strength of its services and any business fallout from coronavirus 
This generation of NBA players always wanted to be Kobe. He was their MJ. 
Martin Sandoval, who once headed the state Senate transportation committee, solicited and accepted bribes from figure in red-light camera industry, plea agreement says 
UTC Risks Decision Fatigue in a Transformative Year 
Nice story on Google's planned invasion of San Jose via 
Although a devoted student of history, AOC mistakenly believes Stalin's first name was "Harvey". 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
MX neoliberals have not yet asked themselves: What did WE do wrong? 
I love(cough, choke) the fetid fragrance of really good satire...especially when I can remain upwind of it while posting. Monkeys, even with their less savory habits, would be an improvement over the current majority (ahem...McTurtle et al) inhabitants. 
@Floortile_99 @Reuters Biz insider: : again: 
Church Votes Unanimously To Replace Light Bulb In Foyer 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Pelosi gets the good press. McConnell gets it done. 
Nike’s website sold out of Kobe Bryant merchandise in the wake of the basketball superstar’s sudden death, the sportswear giant said, rebutting media reports it had pulled the products 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received" 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ via 
WTF I DIDNT KNOW ABOUT THIS YOU BITCH @HillaryClinton 
@harryphood Dave shows at the amphitheater we’re always a summer highlight for me. Can’t get around the shed’s new name though 
Florida senator Rick Scott must be trying to earn trump brownie points, b/c he is airing an anti Biden ad in IOWA. Another impartial juror like Ernst, showing his bias. #ImpeachedForLife 
Hmm, makes sense to me. 
@Ron42Ja @RBReich I maybe conflating with Sen King (Independent, Maine) statement from yesterday. Here is the confirmation calling for witnesses but it does not give a firm number. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
People this from the Babylon Bee a notorious satire site. Take this will a ton of salt! ___________________&lt;&lt; Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may... 
The crash that killed Kobe Bryant and his daughter took the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of a local sports community. via 
@KHefferon What's funny is that while Schreiber's article includes a biased view of #RachelCarson it links to a good piece about her by Mann in which he writes, "Much of what Carson wrote to great controversy is now conventional wisdom." 
@BernieSanders Socialism has never worked before, but this time is different, right Bernie? #SillyAdultsSocialismisforKids 
Looking at you, @Ouachita! #ChapelTweet 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Democrats should come up with a plan to counter this and run with it as part of the platform. The GOP ignores the FACT that the debt has ballooned. #NationalDebt #Trump #GDP #2020Election U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge 
.Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Join Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Lmao 😂 Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
"U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says" #debt #deficit 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
💚 VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
#MobBossTrump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals via 
In a major deal the #BabylonBee has agreed to purchase complete satire site - #CNN......rolling :) #SundayThoughts #SundayMotivation #ImpeachmentHearings 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
This is what Schiff and other Dems think of you. You cannot be trusted. You are not smart. You must be controlled. Stand up for yourself and this nation and put the Communists, Socialists, and Dems in their place. Frankly it is time for some... 
haha, you guys have been killing it!!! btw - AWESOME EPISODE: Podcast #17: Candace Owens INSTANTLY REGRETS Babylon Bee Interview 
Quite the BEE sting! 😂😂😂😂😂 
Remember: Your Own Political Movement Is Most Accurately Represented By Its Best Members, While The Opposing Political Movement Is Most Accurately Represented By Its Deranged Monsters 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus 
Prince Mo­hammed’s se­cu­rity ad­viser, Mu­said al Aiban, had al­ready frozen the data-cen­ter deal b/c Ama­zon wouldn’t al­low Saudi in­tel­li­gence &amp;law en­force­ment ac­cess to data as part of the dis­cussions, peo­ple fa­mil­iar with the mat­ter said. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Trial 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
@chardunbar2 @sodangfancy22 Kushner was broke.... he couldn’t pay for 666 5th Avenue building. Guess who lend him $$$$? SOROS and Saudi Arabia prince. But, suuuuuuure hunter Biden is the problem. 
This is fake news. She only has the ones who have dirt on her assassinated. 
Way too funny; 
REPOST: Magnified by the internet’s algorithms, our primitive biases make our fears go viral. 
Replacing the open-concept office? Yes. A BIG yes. To this. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Can we just not give children earbuds of any kind? No need to encourage hearing damage at an early age. 
"Furthermore, as indirect evidence of the fact that I have a fun disposition, I do not like things that are not fun." 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Trump Disapproval Rating Reaches All-Time None Of This Matters | 
: 74836fbf-617d-4fb3-8ac8-9be04ee94004 
Hopefully! 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
A recent accounting change in how companies report operating leases might have delivered a jolt to their stock returns, @markgmaurer reports for @CFOJournal 
I want to see the LGBTQ-15. ;-) New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
. - A Made-in-China Contagion. The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
A #brexit museum?? Really? That'll help the country heal. Numpties... 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Why Narendra Modi Was Banned From the U.S. #BoycottIndigo 
Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept was charged on allegations he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter what officials describe as Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities. 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle: Trump's attention moved elsewhere,e.g. Iran via 
We talked to Blair Underwood about how he drew inspiration for his role in the play “A Soldier’s Play” from his father, how it compares to playing Othello and why he thinks the play makes so much sense in 2020. 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] THIS REALLY SUCKS. SHOCKING REVELATION. Really screws up my New Year's Eve plans for 2099. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments | 
#ImpeachmentTrial: ⁦@senatemajldr⁩ says @GOP doesn’t have the votes to block witnesses, reports . 
A little Sunday humor.... 
The same WHO than named Mugabe its 'goodwill ambassador' just two years ago? That WHO? Well, I have full trust in their opinion then. 
⁦@BernieSanders⁩ &amp; ⁦@joerogan⁩ Sharing a Heart-Attack Sandwich and Bag of Aspirin. #Bernie2020 #ElizabethWarren #IowaYangGang ⁦@QTAnon1⁩ ⁦@DNC⁩ 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
@alexweprin @jeremymbarr Uh, rare layoffs? Need I remind you: 
PERFECT!!! Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 
BIG DONALD TRUMP LEGAL TEAM ENERGY 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a "perfect storm" of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei 
LEOs in attendance shocked that power point still used. First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Drugmakers Rush to Develop Vaccines Against China Virus @wsj 
#BREAKING:Pro-#Trump Televangelist #JimBakker now says Trump took pornstar #StormyDaniels to a hotel room to share with her the Gospel of Jesus. WTH FOLKS!! #TheResistance #Evangelicals #CNN #MSNBC #FoxNews #Yahoo #Google #FridayThoughts #FBRParty 
Sen. Rick Scott airs anti-Biden ad in Iowa 
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm via ⁦@lizrhoffman⁩ ⁦@miriamgottfried⁩ ⁦⁩ 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
The conglomerate posted higher fourth-quarter profit and sales while warning that Boeing’s problems with its 737 MAX airliner will hurt results in its Collins Aerospace business. 
@BrianKarem The Russians hacked Burisma so if there is any dirt we would have seen it by now. #GOPTraitors #RightMatters 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses, per @wsj 
@Kat80650657 @lou_bruette @9CatGhosts @wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @Lor_blueeyes @Thumper5465 @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @SONADORLIVESON @Impeachedforty5 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @jdd2169 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge @MockingQballs1 @FranciGirl85 @MaryChenevert @siempresoldados I told you sold. Thank you for making me The King. I look great. I told you nothing hurt me. I Untouchable. Checkmate. 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Oh nooooo. Voters are going to turn out in droves. It will mess up the predetermined Polls and Predictions. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues #lol #sarcasm 
@JFullerPolicy @khgottesman @mammagucchi @ScottPresler @HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge. .@HillaryClinton 
@SenatorLankford Will you vote to withdraw aid, to Israel, based upon corruption charges? You can't have it both ways. #WitnessesAndDoucuments 
@SpeakerPelosi Planned parenthood clinics are the American death camps... 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
McConnell is complaining that he can't block witnesses in #ImpeachmentTrial READ THAT AGAIN! Majority of both American people AND #Senate want to hear why @POTUS should be impeached, and @senatemajldr is upset that he can't BLOCK THESE WITNESSES #Shame 
‘Racism Is Bad,’ Says White Woman Who Oversees Systematic Annihilation Of Minorities 
@LivesKuato @_donlasky @ZaidJilani The DNC and soon as there's a glitch with it in any way no matter who wins no one will trust the outcome. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
@AliceAvizandum this one has been stuck in my head since, literally, the 90s 
@Cog1018 @libertadorzn It's not a secret. PS - I have a policy of blocking hasbara trolls, so bye! 
Palestine is not taking Trumps “peace” plan well. 
@Undoomed Lol the Babylon Bee is fantastic! 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Thanks @betswrites for keeping us current on #coronarvirues #coronavirususa - 
: aaacbdc5-430b-4664-b547-05f450d2247c 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
[SNOWFLAKE ALERT: SATIRE. READ AT YOUR OWN RISK] Grave Risk that American voters may steal the election from Democrat central planners. 
: Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
: Local Woman Has More Hobby Lobby Decorations Than Hobby Lobby 
If the virus becomes a domestic threat, American public safety will depend on what hospitals do when someone unknowingly infected with the #coronavirus shows up in the emergency room. That is the lesson of SARS. 
"Chair of Harvard's chemistry dept was arrested Tues for lying abt millions in funding he received from #China’s 1000 Talents Program...Separately, a BU researcher was charged w/failing to disclose her affiliation w/the PLA" @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
"Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China" - Is there anyone who doesn't work for China? 
Obfuscation will only magnify the strategic and economic effects. Virus will win. Public Health requires transparency. If no trust in that, why trust government in anything else? China Strains to Stamp Out Coronavirus Criticisms at Home - 
The only ones tampering with the elections, past and future: the democrats. Let’s see how many thousands of “lost” ballots suddenly show up in an obscure place with democrats votes on them like 2016. We the people, need to supervise democrats. 
😂😂😂😂😂 You better believe we will! 
He was frightened, however, to learn that Virginians own guns and can defend themselves if threatened by callous governments, unlike unborn babies. 
@joerogancomedy @joeroganLiberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election. 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
beautiful 
China’s Xi Gives His No. 2 a Rare Chance to Shine in Coronavirus Fight, With Risks for Both – 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
From opinion: Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
After the global economy grew at its slowest rate last year since the financial crisis in 2008, the housing market is suspected to face an unexpected decline #cherribi #zohor 
A step up in dignity from what we have now. 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
@smtravis @SKH245 @RealTalkGwenS @browardschools @SunSentinel @DeAngelisCorey You know that super conservative pro-Trump Wall Street Journal also had this so zi figured I would share. Sharing is caring. 
🇺🇸 AirPods: the new it item among the playground set 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
It’s funny because it’s true... 
Most adults I know don’t want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? But roast it and it can be delicious. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
@sonuntoxo same 
Chip­maker Xil­inx Inc., hard-hit by U.S. gov­ern­ment re­stric­tions on do­ing busi­ness with Chi­na's Huawei Tech­nolo-gies Co., cut rev­enue pro­jec-tions for the year and in­tends to re­duce the num­ber of work­ers by about 7%. 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility via @Yahoo @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats REALLY? Bolton's known to be truthful! Trump is known for his lies! Come on! #TurnCongressBlue2020 cuz Republicans r Party over Country 
Whatever he was sharing was a mere $135,000. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
""I want you to die feeling loved and peaceful." I begged him to reconsider, he refused. His eyes went flat. A bullish, macho cloud enveloped him. “It’s my life, sweetheart. This seems like the best option.”” #mondaythoughts #dad #love #endings #choice 
#ImpeachmentTrial @tedcruz @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC Don't forget your googly eyes 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
"We've long admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly, and we're thrilled to have them under 's umbrella," said CEO Seth Dillon @CNN @wolfblitzer @ChrisCuomo @donlemon @brianstelter @CillizzaCNN @AC360 👇 
Health Scare Prompts Man To Start Overeating Healthier 
Antivaccine misinformation is spreading in India on WhatsApp: A Unicef official says rumors on the messaging app “travel faster than the vaccines” via 
CNN Reporter Informs Iranian Protesters They're Supposed To Be Shouting 'Death To America' 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
This may be the funniest thing I’ve read in years. I laughed so hard I’m choking. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,’ Explains Jim Bakker | 
Yeah, it's Babylon Bee but not unbelievable. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
i have been laughing about this for days 
Remember when the did weird shit like Lake Dredge Appraisal and not this, which is about one step from screaming and never stopping: 
Kobe grew up In #Italy; fans, friends and players remember #KobeBryant, the #NBA legend who learned basketball there 
Europe to avoid sanctions on Iran saying the country hasn’t taken fresh steps to escalate nuclear work in weeks via 
If this is true ... CNN really needs to hire Lawrence O'Donnell away from MSNBC ... He is a great yeller. #StopTheHammering!!! 
“When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with” 😊 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
#Malkan Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
“Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project" 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge #art #joke 
@realDonaldTrump Hey fool... Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - . Woohoo! #AmericansWantWitnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses 
Head On Pike Helps Castle’s Looks 
Alternatives to Google? Your Search Returned No Results: the net’s gate keeper is blocking the entrance. "It can crush its competition, and consumer choice, merely by submerging competitors’ websites in a murky sea of search results." 
😂😂😂 Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
things aren't going the way #MoscowMitch promised his dear leader SAD via 
India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India - 
@MonkeyWithKeys @BoianMarvin @Yo_Susanna @JonahDispatch @SenRickScott @SpecialReport For example, when I google, it says Monica Lewinsky was never a Senate witness. 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@pallee12 @Ruth_GS @SpringSteps @DailyCaller @ewarren You have no idea how much college professors make lol 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Despite low fear, #surveillance at 20 US #airports. Greeters on guard, good info to know if you are #traveling anywhere in the US or abroad. #coronavirus #influenza 
Just a Joke Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - - via @shareaholic 
To sur­prise of many, given the dis­may that greeted #Trump’s elec­tion; &amp; to my own sur­prise, given my view that Trump was under-qualified, I think he’s been a suc­cess. His style grates, but he’s been a good pres­i­dent ~ Former PM of #Australia 
Baptists, softball, baptism, &amp; satire 
Sandra has shared content with you from MSN 
Arrested today: Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
@Reuters @senatemajldr @SpeakerPelosi @SenSanders @FT @CNBC @Forbes @FoxNews @SenateGOP @NRO @Harpers @NPR @nypost Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations Some Republican senators say manuscript bolsters case for further testimony 
If the #Senate calls #JohnBolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the #ImpeachmentTrial into uncharted legal territory. 
Drumpf Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
#Democrats Warn That #American People May Tamper With Next #Election 
The roaring 2020s: CBO's annual forecast projects U.S. GDP growth below 2% for the rest of the decade after hitting 2.2% this year, with $1 trillion deficits (4.5% to 5.5% of GDP) for the whole decade 
Caveat Lector. quotes Murkowski, Toomey, and White House "concerns" about Toomey (PA), Portman (OH) [both up only in 2022]. seems to have a sense of what might happen during GOP Senators' question hour as well as other internal deliberations. 
The progressive movement can and will win. We're tired of the same old, same old, that got us in this mess. 
@MikeW95352304 @dbongino If by fantastic you meant, she brought the limelight to Kushner and Ivanka, then... yes she made great points 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
: d09f2bff-cd07-4084-af54-bb48a323bef8 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
He says he got the idea from his dad; that explains where most other bozo got their goals for life... 
After abandoning local US TV owners in #USMCA negotiations and leaving $2 billion on the table in lost cross border retransmission revenues, Trump campaign now looks to sheepishly amp up local news coverage 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science - and science will trump ideology! 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the #EiffelTower via #Competition #Amazing 
The SEC is stepping in with requests that financial firms step up their cybersecurity efforts to prevent breach and data loss. 
@waltshaub @Cupcake072761 This is the last mention of a sale that I've seen. But I'm looking for a more recent one. Read this article, it is very interesting..! 
Oh FFS I'LL TAKE IT. They're VINTAGE and what better way to honor the animal's life. I can't even with this shit. “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
@chillyhades Here's some sources that aren't vox - 
@douglittlejr @Bustoff1 @GregMatson @BARBARABURGSTA1 @WalshFreedom @deep_navy @GOP @realDonaldTrump @Google @MikeBloomberg @SDNYnews @UMChurch I’ve got an article for you😱🤣🤣🤣 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via 
. reports that after cash bail reforms were passed in NY, bail bond companies have been going out of business. This news marks one of the first tangible effects of the reforms passed last year. #cjr #justice 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Why growth for growths sake doesn't work in a capital intensive businesses such as real estate. This is why the #flexoffice and #coworking operators of the commercial real estate industry will transition from workplace product comp… 
Snarled with historic traffic jams, cities across the country are targeting one battleground: the curb. They are turning to what government officials and urban planners call “curb management strategies” to fight congestion. / #curbspace #curbingconflicts 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Antiviral Therapies to China 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
"@PeteButtigieg searching for a hidden passageway as freezer door locked behind him. “I don’t understand—it’s usually right here. They have to hide in the back so we can meet in secret outside prying eyes of media and poor people. Where is the manager?" 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
A bridge too far, it’s not the commie left’s democracy. 😉 
Making a profit from tragedy. Nike Website Sells Out of Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death. via $NKE 
Someone needs to refill the #prozac mister on the @msnbc set #woke #progressive @JoeNBC @morningmika @DonnyDeutsch @mikebarnicle @chucktodd 
Of course, they all claimed it wasn't them -- New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
OMFG is there a more insane person than Trump? Found him. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"The FCA’s study called latency arbitrage a 'tax' amounting to 0.0042% of daily stock-trading volume." #corpgov 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor I love the Babylon Bee; sometimes their pieces are more like fact than fiction. 
“It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies... I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
@AbbVie, @Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via @Merck @JNJNews #2019nCoV #Wuhan #coronavirus 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
12 Surefire Methods For Standing Out From The Crowd During Church | 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. Come to Florida! 
The left will never get over McConnell 's strategy of holding up Garland's nomination. It was a big gamble, but he won. Just mentioning it to a Dem is enjoyable as they curl up into a fetal position. via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
A majority of American workers get healthcare through their employers⁠—but for many, the cost is too much. 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Indexed universal life is a hot topic right now. Some wonder if it is too good to be true! 
@Ladie_Chief @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
On One of the Last Trains Out of Virus Epicenter #video #news #klout 
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests @wsj 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Not everyone comes to the USA to work, a lot want the freebies just like US citizens, easy money. 
Staffers Beg Ralph #Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume #Satire 
BREAKING: It'll never happen! #GOPCoverup Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
IRL, not just ⁦-- ⁩ Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
HAHAHAHAHA1 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
This is what concerns Minnesotans from Nobles to Beltrami to St. Louis County—the fiscal strain of open borders. The Court made the right call for taxpayers as well as the Constitution. Issues like this illustrate why our Senate race is so important. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@Damocleansword NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Sorry, but, we shouldn't allow them back until this is cleared. What do you think? Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay 
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses The fact that they wanted to block witnesses is still the problem. They all must go! 
I'm howling here. Perfect!! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Joe Biden Vows To Launch NASA Mission To Explore Your Personal Space | 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman, Charles Liebera, pioneer in nanotechnology, Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China. Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
💡 "The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life" 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Also a great video from @ByShanLi and fellow partner-in-crime @StephanieAYang, reporting from under quarantine in a Hubei hotel 
Mattie has shared content with you from MSN 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
We always love a good weekend getaway! When is the last time you went to Austin? 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Feb­ruary 1979 #Iran cheered the fall of the Shah. A few weeks its sec­ond-rank­ing cleric, warned that Iran could “once more fall back into the hands of dic­ta­tor­ship &amp; despo­tism.” In September he mys­te­ri­ously died. His sons called it mur­der ~ 
@donjean13 @Co50072057Grey @GBunchforUSA @troll_hell @BugOffDear @PETERSARLENE @YoMurphy06 @wildchris2000 @Thinkingifree17 @gunther1970h2 @Ash_Chapel @QuestFanning @farmerfar55 @1972AMERICAN @LLViola @SD8NSC @rianelliott @ParentWayne @Darksandpiper @KeathChris @WotanZA @StormBringerIXI @PinkRangerAnna1 @alllibertynews @PhilKurtz3 @mkbryant44 @TamaraLeigh_llc @Frazierdee @karjger @EverythingDoubt @TheGander3 @RitaJ2011 @NoMoSocialism75 @jalincoln72 @archangeljf12 @Dihaggis @scm491 @houstonusa6 @___Justyce___ @ph_carlson @ChantellEvon3 @proteagas55 @todd4house @lennie_mennie @JayLev16 @sewwutnow @AP4Liberty @charliekirk11 @michael__1776 Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Go against the flow 
#news #opinion #Venezuela #Putin #Trump #tuesday “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@RawStory Nope. Mitch McConnell says the GOP doesn’t have votes to block kmpeachment witnesses. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
When a satire sites decides "Fuck it - if Snopes, PoliticoFacts, etc keeps fact checking us, we might as well as start reporting real news" 
@joshtpm This article from 1999, by the author of “The Language of Law and the Foundations of American Constitutionalism,” and Director of the Bicentennial of the Constitution, is enlightening 
I guess when POTUS says he only hires the best people that doesn't include his legal team huh. Bring on the witnesses! The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Well-it's about darned time!!!! 
The best part of any conversation on leftist Twitter is the same people that want to build a state based on mutual aid and cooperation all really and truly loathe each other. It's like this article made flesh. (And I say that as a leftist). 
#Harvard Charles Lieber allegedly lied to #DefenseDepartment, #NIH #NationalInstitutesofHealth about #Chinese government funding 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@realDonaldTrump Interesting...stay tuned. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Never has there been more proof of a request for Russian Collusion in an election when in Presidents own words promised flexibility in negotiations if elected 
» Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
US charges Harvard’s Chemistry Chair with lying to multiple government agencies about funding from China. 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel via 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
As fake news goes, this seems far more plausible than most of the crap coming out of the #Trump White House! 
#Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China... Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding. 
Thx to @ByronTau for including me in this story -- If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. via 
I sure hope you 2 are on the list for witnesses @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds Your jobs are a state. Do the right thing here. We want witnesses. 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land #reality #satire 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling. 
"...the population we were hiring who had criminal backgrounds were our most loyal people...When we were looking for people to work overtime, come in on Saturday or go that extra mile, it was the second-chance population that was saying, 'I'm in.'" 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
@tntarheel @FearThisAndThat @SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump NEVER EVER EVER Vote for an irresponsible Republican. Never EVER EVER EVER vote for an irresponsible Republican. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@Stewey444 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child . 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Groceries exit from pharmacy business. via #retail 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests #Finance #Business #Investissement via 
@mkraju @STabbytosavit what about this? 
"Furthermore, as indirect evidence of the fact that I have a fun disposition, I do not like things that are not fun." 
Jim Bakker is my new favourite comedian! 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
This dinbgbat believes Trump is a model saint who shares the Gospel and not his DNA with porn stars. Doesn't get any better than this in La La Evangelical land. 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social #Science: Wall Street Journal 
@nickdothutton It's 1999 again 
Check out this arricle by @lesliebrody in the about the impossibly low salaries of childcare workers - and what's being done about it. #childcare #teachers #childdevelopment 
@Srirachachau dude can barely lure people into hanging out using beer and a roof, which is telling 
@GoldStarMom Absolutely. No national angst about this: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker @VP @KarenPence You must seriously think we’re all stupid. 
@JoeBiden Let's remember how Joe Biden Threatens American Allies.. To Hide Corruption #QuidProQuoJoe #WannaDoPushUps #LetsTakeAnIQTest 
Fuckin' A 
not exactly a ringing endorsement: "This still isn’t close to a high crime or misdemeanor. Mr. Trump’s reckless judgment was resisted by his staff and Senators like Mr. Johnson, and the President eventually changed his mind" 
Who is this guy? 
He was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time with just the two of them, so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life and how He could also save her from her sins.” 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
@iwelsh If she's feeling the urge imagine Bill: Bill v Bern. Popcorn. 
"He Is a Dictator" The deranged Democrats sum up their "case" for impeachment. They only want to remove President Trump because they stand no chance of winning otherwise. via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
approaching the brilliance of the Babylon Bee with this one. “It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump." 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@HillaryClinton Every American should read this: 
A new report shows how Warren and Sanders’s proposed wealth taxes would force U.S. assets into foreign hands, writes @Freeman 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Problem is, the #Palestinian Authority doesnt want their own State. They'd much rather continue killing Jews and cry victim and get handouts from the @UN living in poverty and misery. If #MahmoudAbbas wanted peace he has but to say so... #WasteOfTime 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Interesting development 
Letters: Dr. Google Has Points Good and Less Good via 
@LoisWeiss The seller wants to sell it, but it's for an additional price. 
@Curmudgeon75 @kathy_markovich @LoreyJeanene It's a parody site: 
We are living in evil times, and last days.😢First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement ⁦⁩ and I think alike :) 
'We'll Take Good Care Of These,' Says Mitch McConnell While Placing Impeachment Articles In Special Rectangular Filing Bin OMG! LMAO!s More please! More! 
Credit Suisse Chief Tidjane Thiam Rebuts Claim He Ordered Damaging Information - The Wall Street Journal #CorpGov via @ToGovern 
Mitt Romney was busted for bringing a bottle of BYU's famous chocolate milk on the Senate floor. He put it in a glass and that was OK. 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
@SenThomTillis @SenateGOP #Coverup ‘..Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman, and Mr. Tillis called impeachment a sham.’ 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
AnonymousAccountId has shared content with you from MSN 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
BorgWarner agreed to buy Delphi Technologies in an all-stock transaction that values Delphi at about $3.3 billion and would combine two major auto-parts makers. 
Interesting Op Ed: The #coronavirus #outbreak proves it’s time to close #China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
At today’s GOP conference meeting, Gardner, McSally and Tillis—who face competitive races in the fall—addressed their colleagues. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Gastrobar operator Bar Louie plans to hand itself over to its lenders through a bankruptcy sale deal 
Yikes Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
American people have been tampering with our elections for decades. They’re called Democrats. #VoterID #VoterIDNow 
3M Cuts More Jobs as U.S. Demand Falls 
@realDonaldTrump "Both sides" of racist and antisemitic attacks and incidences is not a valid argument for peace and reconciliation. Your administration clearly has encouraged hatred and white supremacy, under the guise of nationalism: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump 
Current mood: 
SATIRE 😏 CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker The Gospel of Pussy 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Is that what he calls his dick? ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
@RepAdamSchiff You and your ilk decided NOT to subpoena him back in early November. Can't you get your lies straight? 😂 #Trump2020 
As @Airbnb prepares to go public, no doubt we’ll see more exposes like this: 
@JoshuaLegere @chargrille @bceyre22 @CA_bobby77 @MSL19611 @B_L_Mencken @hfpnygiants @GCForcina @ewarren @SenSanders You do your own research; I'm not your research assistant. 
Grandma is smart: “She said her grandmother pointed out: 'Honey, you not wearing the coat isn’t going to bring that [mink] back to life. He’s been dead 60 years!'” via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings ⁦@DNC⁩ ⁦@GovernorVA⁩ 
Because those nutter gun owners are insane and must live up to what their critics believe of them? 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Cover up. Trump Boys Frantically Burning Stacks Of Printed-Out Emails To Eliminate Paper Trail 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
From @wsj - While there is a ton of talk of #5G coming soon- it is still far off Mission critical #infrastructure needs to be built out requiring more #datacenters, #celltowers, and #fiber $SRVR 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via Thank you "conservative GOP" 
In Panama, canal officials are searching for a long-term solution for droughts including a #water pipeline and a new dam. Check out more by @paulpage in : 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
#breaking #breakingnews YES!!!!!! Justice might come to Trump after all!! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Retail CFOs Grow More Cautious About Investment and Expansion in 2020. 
Serious question: How many Iowans are in Paris? 
Kennan Advised U.S. Not to Provoke Russia - 
One day away from Pelosi Whiskey Wednesday 🤣— over to you Madam Speaker. Stay solemn, my friend. Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Recruiter Offers Different Path for IT Internships 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030 (up from 81% now), CBO projects by @RichardRubinDC 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People #FeelTheBern because Bernie Sanders as POTUS is a death sentence to every living and breathing person in America☠️⚰️☹️ 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports - 
So that's what the kid's are calling it now... 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
“Almost half of the $1.5B in #Venezuelan crude exported to #India in the nine months after the U.S. #sanctions was purchased by an Indian joint venture with #Russia’s #oil giant, #Rosneft... India pays for the deliveries in #gasoline...” 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
The false claim: that a president impeached by the House but not convicted by the Senate is eligible to run for office two more times. More from our story: 
Important public health announcement 
“Those people have all the social utility of a bunch of rats admitted to a granary.” Charlie Munger 'Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says' 
: still got it. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Trump got Putin's gospel on his chin. 
@Ojdadana Today's Poles accused for WWII implementation? They are projecting. Hold accusers of Poland complicit for 100 million deaths of Communism. Solzhenitsyn Churchill &amp; GB Foreign Office named the Bolsheviks. 
SARS Provides a Faulty Road Map for Oil Prices: 
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
100% Great Satire. 
I have also tried hard here to not be a parody of political reporting by avoiding this hilarity: 
The rapid turn on Bolton, a fixture in conservative circles for decades, was a striking reminder of how officials have struggled to leave Trump administration posts unscathed. 
Shilpa Yarlagadda started her fine jewelry company, Shiffon, in her Harvard dorm room. It’s become a celebrity favorite and she’s using half of the profits to fund female-led companies around the world—and she hasn’t even graduated yet: 
Nobody wants grandma's fur coat. 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
#TikTok is becoming mainstream - and increasingly political - says the . When do we start thinking about TikTok in #B2BMarketing and #ThoughtLeadership? More from here: 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
I find it a bit journalistically dishonest that ⁦⁩ hasn’t formally (ie, ironically, non-ironically) endorsed Sanders because they clearly have and for months now. 
Some incredible examples here of how the #retail experience can be enhanced with technologies such as smart displays, object-recognition software and more. Anyone seeing these or similar advancements used in stores already? 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is #art #satire 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
😂😂😂 "CNN writers and hosts will be instructed to simply keep doing what they're doing" - #FNN In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
This is encouraging! 👇👇👇👇 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
@JesseKellyDC @PyronDonna I Love ! Use their App or Website 
editorial board, on regular op-ed contributor Bolton: “We’ve known Mr. Bolton long enough to doubt that he'd want to sandbag Republican Senators or the President he worked for. He's a straight-shooter, even if he sometimes aims right between the eyes." 
Good news for all of us! #OurCommunity #RealEstate 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
: ce513be4-3290-4b19-b84e-42ea597c1cb8 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
@LouisRBridgema3 @Linda1746 @biannagolodryga However, this just in. 
@WillDarrell @Liz_Cheney @_Mississipp1_ @RepAdamSchiff Wrong. The Aid was delivered LONG before the "Legally Defined Date to send the aid" Now Google what Obama gave as aid? Blankets &amp; MREs 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@Keithph51198130 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
@MoveOn @BernieSanders Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentTrial 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
"During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved in the opposite direction." That's one way to put it. via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
I wrote about the broader phenomenon of Iranian travelers (including green card holders and U.S. citizens of Iranian birth) being questioned extensively by immigration and customs officials 
It's almost like Republicans only care about the national debt when a Democrat is in the White House. No, wait. That's exactly what it is. 
Excellent piece highlighting ⁦@Genuent⁩ ⁦@GenTalentPath⁩ ⁦@kip_wright⁩ . Excellent work ⁦@ryancraigap⁩ ⁦@AanandRadia⁩ 
@Keysfins @CivMilAir Yep. but didn't realize the "chartered" planes were military. 
It's not like it's that hard. Democrats are stupid people. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@ax5050fox 😃😄😁😆😅🤣😂🙂🤗 NOT SO FAST, there, Chuckle Jizz. Uh oh...#POSPOTUS #LiarInChief #GOPCoverup 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Can't tell anymore if this is parody or real Democrat policy: Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | . I LOVE these guys! 😂🤣😆 
@ChrisBEsq @RepAdamSchiff Here you go buddy boy, two can play this game. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via "An administration official said the White House was optimistic it would get the necessary votes by Friday. “We are still in the game,” the official said." 
Currency Manipulation Is a Real Problem - #JudyShelton #GoGold #GoldBackedMoney 
This just in water is wet. 
The warnings begin, still @realDonaldTrump not declaring any action plan to protect #Americans from the epidemic #coronavirususa @carlquintanilla @markets @Ufc26 @AlessioUrban @Rick_Singa What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
@socalsalty @kathy_markovich @sweetlifephoto It's a parody site: 
Now this is priceless. HAHA. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Coronavirus Is No Small Threat to Travel Stocks - by @jonsindreu 
"The Justice Department is discussing with farmers and retailers the potential impact of such a deal on milk prices and competition in the dairy business, as Dean explores asset sales after filing for bankruptcy." via #dairy #farmers #livestock 
Your Mutual-Fund and ETF Fees Might Still Vary More Than They Should. Mutual Fund Fee Maze? Let eCIO help navigate the course. #mutualfund #nonprofit #investing 
Evidence for CCP setting up bio weapons lab #WuhanCoronovirus 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses then it is fuckin over and he will be rfemoved as pence is next 
@lscottman2 @ahwhitecm @realDonaldTrump Meanwhile, back in Washington... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Actor Rose Byrne on travel dos and don’ts for her native Australia. (Spoiler: “Don’t get involved with any stingers!”) 
Highlights Of The Seventh Democratic Debate 
Are you a dopamine or a serotonin? This personality test will tell you. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #JohnBoltonMustTestify 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
GOP is losing their ability to cover this all up! “GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses” 
“House Democrats Use Defense Team's Arguments Against Trump in Tax Returns Case” It’s almost as if...that were the plan. Deep, deep respect for the the Dems here. SOMEBODY is playing chess and it ain’t the Trump team. 
"Since we at @CNN spend most of our time trying to help out @TheDemocrats and parroting progressive talking points, it's only fair that we even the odds by offering @realDonaldTrump free ammunition to ensure his reelection" said @DonLemon 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
@HouseIntel @RepAdamSchiff Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
, satire though it is, gets pretty close to the truth. The Colombo part is guesswork, I think. 
Sen #Schumer doesn’t want #impeachment Witnesses any more than Republicans do—cer­tainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Re­pub­licans to do the dirty work of vot­ing down wit­nesses so he can shout coverup from here to the election ~ 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @DeceptionBytes and fellow #Anons #Bezos girlfriend has been singing...like #AllisonMack #QAnon 
The brilliance of Putin's's strategy is that her permits Trump to bluster and cause the regime just enough damage to dupe Venezuelans in Florida. Meanwhile, Russia holds on to its chief military ally in the hemisphere. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Trump's Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
@LeaderHoyer @JECDems Or their crappy jobs record. 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
This one was from the House hearings, but I was sick &amp; didn't tweet it. It'll work great today. Substitute Senate for House Satire Tweet 3 () "GOP Turns Dozens Of House Democrats Away From Impeachment For Failing To Provide Adequate Voter ID" 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
@Reuters @AmbJohnBolton @senatemajldr @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @SpeakerPelosi @SenateGOP @NRO @business @thehill @cspan @rollcall McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | ⁦@GovMikeHuckabee⁩ 
Back on February 2nd 2011, Amr Bargisi, the best political mind Egypt has ever produced wrote this in "my country is doomed to either unbridled radicalism or continued repression" 
@JustinWingerter Given that Cory apparently asked fellow senators to keep the trial short, I doubt he’s open to witnesses at all. 
@BDaddys Like you said, a simple google search would inform you instead of embarrassing yourself with this half brained rant 
Aw, shucks 
Russia now handles more than two-thirds of Venezuela’s crude oil, current and former administration officials said, including helping to conceal export destinations. 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows.|. Bolton can’t change the impeachment. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ has been IMPEACHED; it’s history; it’s over. He’s toast. Get over it. And, it IS high crimes and misdemeanors. He’s guilty of treason. 
⁦@COsweda⁩ Note acknowledges “Is­rael has un­prece­dented sup­port from the Gulf Arab states, which are united w/Is­rael against Iran &amp; have grown tired/Pales­tin­ian re­jec­tion­ism.” Recalling when you were only 1 to foresee such possibilities. 
“NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the alliance’s mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for them to do more in the Middle East, officials said.” 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@SmokescreenSti1 @Marfoogle @zerohedge Hey, disprove this! Sure, the outlet doesn‘t seem trustworthy, but you have NO prove it DIDN‘T happen 🤣 
@GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump As you know #kremlinkevin 
Q POST 3789 Link to Source Doc from Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) Correction will be needed: ALL SURV re: POTUS [hops] will be concluded that there was “insufficient predication to establish probable cause." Q 
Wall Street Journal vid with &gt;1 million views. Re: BJSM blog and article by PhD candidate &amp; professional ultradistance racer Geoffrey Burns @geoffreyburns and @nictam_za. Here's the vid link: Blog: 
Stand back ! 🤣🤣👍 
Sounds about right for @senatemajldr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenToomey @MarshaBlackburn @SenateGOP 
Lest we forget, this is the same @WHO head that picked Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe to be a goodwill ambassador 5 months after being inaugurated... 
: c30421b8-051a-4346-8776-dc958d58b3a6 
@CNN 😱 “It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies &amp; demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump. We saw hints of this in 2016...” 
@LeaderHoyer @kelbelle10 @POTUS “The gov­ern­ment will spend $1 tril­lion more than it col­lects in 2020 and deficits will ex­ceed that amount every year for the fore­see­able fu­ture.” #GOPTaxScam 
Staffers of color on Buttigieg’s campaign have raised concerns about a lack of involvement in decision making, especially as they look to win over minority supporters. 
@luckymummy1001 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
On today's podcast I said how a linguist told me that kids with a Chinese L1 have an easier time with math as a result. Chat went nuclear, &amp; I got very confused about whether it was real or not, but a quick Google shows dozens of articles like this 
Kobe Bryant Tears Up While Reflecting On All The Mistakes Teammates Made During His Career 
Forgiving The Man Who Took My Family Hostage: The McGill Alexander Interview 
Something tells me this is not true . There is more than enough Republicans that will back that vote! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. 
@LissaMarie630 reporting on the app like it's a thing 
LOL&gt;&gt;&gt;In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Rose Byrne chats about her favorite places in Australia, her go-to cocktail in Manhattan and why she has a "problem" with buying baskets 
Dear editors: Same. 
Say goodbye to cars and welcome your SDPM (Self-Driving People-Mover) — Detroit is on a path to becoming a hub of future automotive technology — | #TechNews by @MikeColias via @PaulPage Logistics 
Too soon? #giants #GiantsChat #GiantsNation #giantspride #EliManning 
Love it ❤ New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@AlecStapp @EconTalker @Snowden Missed this one on the question a couple days ago, from @andykessler: 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
@NonsenseEnd @ScottPresler @rickbkylex @realDonaldTrump Trump making America great again. Trump is bankrupting the country. 
The question is- Why are the casinos still allowed to be open? Every movie theater in China has closed but the jam packed casinos remain open. #casino 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
Deutsche Bank tells court it holds tax returns sought by Congress in Trump probe - but info blocked from light of day by whom ? via 
3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit 
@realDonaldTrump Because pumping into the market isn't working anymore - and a major correction is on the way. 
lol! Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via 
Netflix says “The Witcher” is its most popular debut series ever. Fans applaud. Others scratch their heads. 
For Romney to take anything the NYT prints at face value, just shows how petty he is because Trump did what he couldn’t. 
When does science cross the line? #Science #DNA. Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, @charlesmurray 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
@CANCEL_SAM Bernie Sanders Holds Secret Campaign Meeting With 15,000 Working-Class Democratic Donors 
"Mr. Saperstein built the unusual home, which is wedge-shaped with two distinct wings, in the early 1990s. The wedge’s point stretches out towards the ocean on one side like the bow of a ship, overlooking a pool of the same shape" 
😂😂😂 Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
For my dour friends. A site of Christian Satire that you are probably theologically opposed to. 
#ThisIsAmerica #NoOneIsAboveTheLaw #BoltonBombshell McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
“Senators Sanders and Warren are both fighting for the change we need in our nation. They understand the needs of workers at UNITE HERE Local 11" The union represents 32,000 people in Arizona and California. #WinWithWarren #Warren2020 
@StormyDaniels Dear Leader was merely scheduling private time with a woman not his wife in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ: 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
"I want an Oompa-Loompa NOW!" 
Relating question: Do #underarmour's Tech #Acquisitions help it to move from a clothing company to a #tech company? 
Haha! Babylon Bee is the greatest! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
@MetroKelvin @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
@Grannywhotweets @bfitz944 @TheRickWilson "But the Obama administration has agreed to send only military rations for now," 
@NHGOP @realDonaldTrump @WINRED Sorry, I need to save my money to help pay down the national debt. 
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @alextdaugherty 
A few months ago, I tweeted about how 2 of the biggest influencers of 2019, Peterson &amp; Kondo, became popular by acting as substitute parental figures, admonishing immature adults to clean up their rooms. Glad the Babylon Bee made it into a parody article! 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@realDonaldTrump Passengers who want to leave Wuhan will be asked to sign a promissory note TO THE US GOVERNMENT for the cost of the flight, which is expected to be many times the price of a commercial flight from China to the U.S.! 
AirPods for young kids ??? 
🙏🏼 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
These Warren/Bernie internecine spats are getting wild 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Here's how to upgrade your home-theater game before this year's Super Bowl 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
🐝 on fire today! 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Data analytics, #AI, and other tools of the digital age can help marketers improve CX, but they also may raise concerns about data usage and privacy. Here's how brands can build trust with customers: 
Music to my ears! #Amazon 100-employee orchestra, - performs 4 public concerts/ yr mostly free at Amazon Meeting Center #Google has its #GoogleOrchestra; @salesforce has an a cappella group, “Cloudy with a Chance of Beatbox.” #techculture @ChipCutter 
Omg, no! 🤪 oh, ! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | #OOTT 
This is quite a story and quite a company via @wsj: 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Disease-modeling experts at Imperial College London estimated late last week that on average, each infected person transmitted #coronavirus to 2.6 others. WHO said last week early indications were 1.4 - 2.5, far lower than measles. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
SEC Market-Surveillance Project Hits Snag Over Hacker Fears Brokers cite concerns that they could face costly lawsuits if database is breached #cybersecurity #cybercrime #databreach #business #DataScience #cyberthreats #fraud #cyberattacks #AI #technology 
I'm loathe to use the neo-hack "real or yet there comes occasionally a thing that practically REQUIRES said cliché. 😁 Mike Pence: We Could Do Worse @1stClown @Calm_Observer @TheOlifant A truck-mounted huge-screen being driven around Capitol Hill today 
A Northern Virginia estate that was owned by the late AOL co-founder James V. Kimsey has sold for about $45 million, a record for the DC area. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
"NYC Trash Hauler Makes Big Bet to Keep on Trucking" GREAT STORY ABOUT A REAL NEW YORKER! 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@bschapiroMD @LauraWhitt32 @Gimpmaker @jumpinjonnydee @ltecato @JasKeelan @Phoenix81977532 @M1APatriot @GiantPrepper @layoungbl @jennchem21 @MichaelBicak @ElizabethDelGi5 @kateneuropsych @Iamawesome169 According to the 2018 NBC News/Wall Street Journal Survey 47% of Americans have at least 1 firearm in their house. 
@LeonLush @JustinWhang These tips from the '90s are worth revisiting 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
The campaign’s head of talent and two cybersecurity aides parted ways with the campaign this month. The campaign describes them as “mid level” staffers. In now deleted tweets, one of the aides vented about his experience. 
I do love ⁦, don’t you?!?⁩ “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
why tech companies tend to cluster in the same expensive neighborhoods 
@thetslayton22 @ABC @FiveThirtyEight No, ~50% in favor of removal is the result of multiple polls recently (including another 538 poll): 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
‘While US quibbles over crumbs in tariffs &amp; fails to see macro global developments, UK &amp; EU cut $B deals with China.” #UKHuawei ‘China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite US security concerns 
@eddies0715 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@ReesusP Seems reasonable, based on this article about Jim Bakker &amp; Trump..... #sexforJesus 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
Satire...and yet so true!! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
damn the almost looks like an actual website again good job kinja 
Grocery chains are using smaller warehouses called fulfillment centers to reduce crowding in stores #CRE #grocery #warehouse 
Supermarkets are adding highly automated micro=fulfillment centers to tap into the fast-growing grocery delivery market. via 
Today, Team Trump announced an unprecedented surrogates operation for the #IowaCaucuses! Our Caucus Day operation is just a preview of what is to come in 2020. There is no stopping us! #WellOiledMachine 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
AND THEY WONDER WHY WE CALL THEM #FakeNews ... WHEN WERE ANY FUNDS "FROZEN"? 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting &lt;TimeToStormTheCastle&gt; 
“No more 10-12 hour hearings. With these monkeys, all the fecal projectiles will have been flung in under 30 minutes. One and done.” 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Federal antitrust regulators are probing a possible deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., DFODQ 2.08% the bankrupt milk-processing giant, as the dairy industry realigns after decades of declining milk consumption. @Teamsters #1u 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' | 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Reports GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
@brianstelter Just can't help proving satire is real, can you?🤦 
@JohnCornyn @Yahoo Any and every excuse to hide the truth. It's too long, it's too short. The House didn't go to the courts, the House is taking too long, the House didn't take long enough. Do your job John. #WitnessesAndDocuments #CoverupCornyn 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
🚨 : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Wonder if this ever made it into the medical production stream in volume??? Should have been made readily available sometime in 2019. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@MSNBC⁩ Does anyone besides me thanks this is just bizarre?! These people are all NUTS!! 
This means...Impeachment after impeachment. @SpeakerPelosi has nothing else. Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | [ are most of his followers on meth? ] 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
@RuroninSC @LeeHolly81 @realDonaldTrump @maggieNYT Like I said, there are individuals who disagree. 
@hey_ebie @TheAHNShow Because daddy did this for him you can research on your own why he wanted that Prosecutor fired. Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
*satire?* John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed 
@angelnjacksmom2 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
“If you want to know what a Trump second term would be like without a GOP House or Senate, think Richard Nixon in 1974...” Um, you know how Nixon’s second term ended, right? 
@nchaunceywolf @BenPeters2 Reminds me of this: 
The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area via 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #satire 
#N72EX Crash on 26.01.20 Summary of facts as of 28.01.20 at 1200 ET. 
SSAB Swings to Loss 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Guaca-owww!! There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl via 
The Texas Municipal Retirement System plans to double its allocation target for private equity. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Is India barging towards the 2008 US crisis? 
Too funny @cnn #FakeNewsCNN 
» MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
This is why the Dems lose. They simply DO NOT KNOW how to clap back. ALLL the S*** that this man's 3 corrupt children are involved in When you are as dirty as daddy Barker and those 3 of his, BRING IT ON! @JoeBiden 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses is mind boggling to see the low that these politicians will stoop too to possibly keep their jobs. They are everything every joke has ever said about their character. 
brian stelter will produce the videos😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Via Don May 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses The problem is not to keep President or remove him from the power ? The problem is in the future to make the evil Islam is a dominant religion and keep the LGBTQ practice as a choices ! 
⁦@HillaryClinton⁩ : 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' Many political commentators quickly condemned her remarks but have since turned up dead. 
The Wall Street Journal () Tweeted: Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
Trump says Bolton’s claim is simply to sell a book 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. vía 
Trump’s Defense Says Democrats Have Failed to Make Impeachment Case - The Wall Street Journal - 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
Federal Reserve Is Low on Ammunition 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That. 
Collusion? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN by 
He is right about one thing, we our the "Americans" the tampering will be left to him and his Demoncrat puppets. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
That satire is really close to reality 
Very was there an exact moment when brit politics went retarded or is it a constant? homelessness is a budgetary luxury - zero sense... #Homeless families putting budgets under strain, say councils 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
From Discover on Google 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
High-Yield investors holding on to positions and treasury bond rally pauses after coronavirus fears mounted the past week: via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
%E2%80%98Please%20Guide%20Me%20In%20My%20Darkest%20Hour%20Lord%2C%E2%80%99%20Prays%20Trump%20Kneeling%20Before%20Portrait%20Of%20Himself 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
You hate to see this. But this is what our nation has come to. Trump did this to us. Where's the outrage? Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
: bdd75386-71ed-4663-bfa2-501b93031d6e 
GM Picks Detroit Factory to Build Driverless Shuttle, Electric Trucks #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
Evangelical Leaders Ask #Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During #ImpeachmentTrials Impeachment Proceedings. A bit of a parody and uncomfortable but it kind of hits home with the disingenuous attitudes of the money takers. 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton book wouldn't be impeachable 
NEW from ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ ⁦@nataliewsj⁩: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
The Universal/Disney IP plot thickens 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
THIS IS AN ONION ARTICLE, RIGHT?!! 😂😂😂 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
"Google representatives have said the company’s primary responsibility is to shareholders, not to solving the ills of an entire region." San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
WHO gives a boost to Beijing after criticism at home of its handling of new coronavirus, but new travel barriers and alerts illustrate fears around the globe that China may not be doing enough to contain Wuhan outbreak via 
At a closed-door GOP lunch before Monday's trial session began, Sen. Mitt Romney of Utah spoke forcefully about the need to have John Bolton testify. McConnell advised patience. New Sen. Kelly Loeffler attacked Romney on Twitter. 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
The defense strategy hinges on the idea that the producer’s accusers were exploiting him for access to his industry contacts and success. via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
European Banking Regulator Encourages Mergers to Boost Profits - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Just when you thought Trump’s religious advisors couldn’t be more hideous, here comes Jim Baker. 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
Babylon Bee takes aim at its own audience. Satirical genius. Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
LOL! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
👏👏👏That's my POTUS/Maestro 
@red_hankelrod Well God bless him. Wonder if “Gospel” is code for penis, for those fake virtue religious profiteers? 
@selina3sticks The More You Know: 
5G Technology By The Numbers || Thank God! Finally the layman's explanation of #5G that I've been looking for. As always, look to for understandable tech. 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Your stipple drawing of the week 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
New Express Transplant List Offers Patients Kidney Or First Available Organ 
President Trump decries ‘socialism,’ but is happy to redistribute wealth and hand out taxpayer money to corporations and banks, via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. As Americans, we the people have a right to vote for our president, not congress.#piusnews 
: 52a8bd47-a5a7-4fc0-a370-ff025bb936f8 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony #comedy #satire 
Today, the #CBO indicated the federal deficit for this year will exceed $1 Trillion and the federal #debt is projected to reach 98% of GDP by 2030. This is fiscal insanity and unacceptable. 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
The way Selena Gomez knows her new music is good is that it reminds her and her friends of a younger version of herself, before her life became so public. 
Gonna leave that there Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
My mom, my aunt, my cousin... we all turned down my grandmother’s fur coat when she passed away. Her cleaning lady ended up taking it home and she loves it.... 
Americans Meddling with #Election2020! (Just ask #Schiffhead! ) 
Ridiculous why is it so hard for so many parents to tell their kids "no" AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set via 
Experts Find Leading Symptom Of Privilege Is Constant Griping About Privilege 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. via #gold #silver #goldprice #bullion #preciousmetals #dollar #Fed 
The last flight of Kobe Bryant's life: 
@civale_g @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Very interesting 👍👍👍 ⁦@RomanWenzl⁩ ⁦@MarkusGuerne⁩ ⁦@walt_schoenthal⁩ 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses will not show or tell "whip" count 
Why Americans Should Worry About China's Food Safety Problems via 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Prince Andrew Provided ‘Zero Cooperation’ in Epstein Probe, U.S. Prosecutor Says 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Elizabeth Warren Announces Her Presidency Will Include Free Year Of Disney+, ESPN, And Hulu 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan I said he didn’t killed jews in war , he killed them in his country misusing his Dictatorship power , just like Stalin and Mao Read this for more info 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says via . @tradernickfx read this .....👑 
@anticorruption @TIIndonesia is paying a "record fine" a good enough deterrent? 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
2 Prepare For The Worst, Democrats Purchase Funeral Plot For Ginsburg On Ancient Indian Burial Ground 
Airbus to pay record fine of nearly $4 billion to settle #corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France in deferred prosecution agreement #bribery #compliance via 
@realDonaldTrump #MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
Aspen Police Continue Search For Missing Ski 
Self nominated! 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #highered 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The U.N. and #HumanTrafficking - The Wall Street Journal 
Perfect. :) 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
@JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Is this what your God wants to be preached? So the story of the day is that Trump had sex with Stormy Daniels, right after Melania had their baby? The story is that Trump was trying to see if Stormy believed in the Lord????? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Breaking: *McConnell Says GOP Leaders Don’t Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses *McConnell Made Remarks in Private Senate GOP Meeting 
Private-equity-owned gastrobar Bar Louie has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after closing 38 restaurants and arranging to sell its remaining locations to the chain’s lenders. 
BITCH GRUNT! WHY WOULD I TESTIFY WHEN I CAN COMPLAIN, BOAST, AND LIE: McConnell had a choice, to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective. He chose effective. By ⁦wjmcgurn⁩ — Brit Hume (brithume) January 28, 2020 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
A Placebo for Pain Relief—Even When You Know It’s Not Real @wsj covers possible alternative to traditional pain medications 
“We want Air India as a brand to continue to fly but we need to privatize it,” Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri said. The deadline for bids is March 17. via 
@ImNotOwned @ArtemisSong42 @zachdcarter They're basically making this argument, but unironically. 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says (via @aosipovich) 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
Military says at least two American service members were on board Air Force plane that crashed in Taliban-controlled Afghan territory via 
@ChampionMtager @MarshaBlackburn Counterpoint: 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election...lol 
"Politico has identified chocolate milk as Mr. Romney's vice." 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
@Julie82902847 @CharlesVanCott @evansrc717 @Larry007Legend @WattzzD @PPPTCE @8BrianVogel4 @ruxcytbl @xXGeJaMoXx @Searchingforth8 @allbikesbiker @_Fat_Nixon @Vote_Trump @side_show007 @Larryputt @jack_pyro @KLHirst1 @TyDonevski @McginnKeven @thomascarolan12 @davidf4444 @Scotsman_Drew @holycrap37 @ForgottenSaint3 @eleanor70001 @USApaTriot58 @Fueldog1 @Kmanaman3 @spiralwrap @Duwayn55629746 @MarlaHooch2 @someotherperso3 @TC1776 @ClayMMA1 @KeecoWang5 @GemmaTorrent11 @MayorOfTwitr @wasthatholly @IHaveGodsFavor @StillFreeSCOTTY @Judge_Knot @SonOScrutinizer @jewls2245_gemma @Bobbitor1 @DennisH59386592 @vlotorto @FxAxMxBxA @lockrousseau @freedom_gal @seniorveteran You can thank me later... It took all of 20minutes to find THIS... IS neutral enough for you... Or do you want to research THEIR FINDINGS FIRST (doubting THOMAS) 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
It is not working!!! #chinese are furious about the #CCP handling the #coronavirus Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
Stocks in the S&amp;P 500 as of Friday were seen swinging 3.8% on average in the session after their earnings reports—the lowest forecast since 3Q 2017 via 
So an erection is now Gospel.... Great! 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
just putting this here: 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
A huge relief, if true, that the Senate will bring in witnesses. This has happened in every impeachment trial in Senate history and is the minimum required for a fair and thorough trial. A good start if the Senate will clear at least that bar. 
Last year, real-estate startups raised $31.56 billion in funding, a more-than threefold increase from 2018. However, they are now retreating from a growth-at-all costs model, as growth can be expensive and inefficient, via @KonradPutzier #HPS_NY 
““These scientists are going to be so embarrassed when the world doesn’t end in the next minute and forty seconds.” CARA WHEATLEY • WELL SURVEYOR” 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial Cue the snoring. 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 #joke #satire 
The U.K. will allow China’s Huawei to build parts of the country’s 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Hong Kong Stocks Slump, Catching Up to Coronavirus Fears 📰 » 
Toomey suggests witness trade at GOP lunch 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' Instateacide? 
59% of companies that are re-skilling workers have seen much bigger impact from their AI efforts than the 19% of companies not focused on re-skilling. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
News Exclusive | Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Micro #fullfilment and #distribution centers are a new #logistics trend. Trying to bring #warehouses closer to the customer will also remain expensive in contrast to #lastmile #delivery, unless price for fuel won't go up. via Logistics 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar | 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 via 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
The investigative content that I signed up for 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
We need #witnesses McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
#ImpeachmentTrial Ken Starr up and just read this for first time. @Franklin_Graham, @JerryFalwellJr seriously how can #Evangelical leaders be spending any time campaigning for President @realDonaldTrump when we have lost leaders in need of guidance. 
@Ezra_Nola @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Letters:Don’t Bash Trump Trade Policy Without a Solution.. “Reading Robert B. #Zoellick’s anti-tariff arguments, I kept waiting 4 his alternative solutions,which weren’t forthcoming.He doesn’t have one except the same old FAILED approach! #Trump, #Trade, 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean - 
Some nuggets in here from me and @mgordonwsj on the Trump peace plan: the administration has lined up tentative support from at least some Arab states, Israel will have sovereignty over Jerusalem and the plan doesn't formally rule out a Palestinian state 
Editorial: The John Bolton Report “Mr. Bolton could do it in a public statement, a TV interview, or an op-ed in this publication. Our editors are standing by.” 
@Russian_botLOL @EmmaVigeland There's one story in the Bible where Jesus got so angry, he turned over tables. He turned over the tables of the money-changers. Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
Wuhan is a city of 11 million people, yet Westerners in Wuhan travel to Beijing or Shanghai for routine medical treatment. In other words: Wuhan has 3 million people more than NYC, but cannot even provide routine medical treatments. #ncov2020 
EPA Administrator Proves Carbon Emissions Not Harmful By Inhaling Directly From Truck’s Tailpipe 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Some TikTok users told us their political posts get more attention than their non-political posts, and the app has seen a rise in 2020-related videos. Now, experts fear TikTok could have problems w misinformation &amp; disinformation ahead of the election. 
The U.K. will allow Huawei to build parts of the country’s next-generation 5G network, dismissing calls from the Trump administration for a boycott over security fears. 
Immigrants aren’t the drain on public services that the Trump administration makes them out to be, writes @jasonrileywsj 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Supreme Court allows Trump rules denying immigrants residency over public assistance 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Election Fraud Suspected After Vladimir Putin Wins North Carolina Congressional Race 
This is why I will alway be a Liberal Conservative. I am married to the truth and I loathe hypocrisy. What is Pro-life when you hate minorities? Evangelical hypocrisy is from the devil and has nothing to do with God. 
@HenryWFowler @CNNPolitics If you're expecting CNN to get something right... 
Always thought I was the odd duck with a different temperature, but maybe I’m actually “normal” 
The in-built features of the system [tight info control, deference to superiors, fear of Beijing's [and Xi's] wrath..] cannot be ameliorated by a few resignations. Alas, one cannot expect miracles until CCP tyranny is no longer here. 
This is funny y'all! Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The hypocrisy is astounding! #QuidProQuoJoe Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
@80k_0k8 I must’ve copied the link before the URL had finished rerouting me to the correct page from my news feed. Hopefully, this link works: 
via Somebody needs to teach reporters and editors about "allegedly." The complaint didn't say he "allegedly" did that. It charged him with it. #wsj 
@thehill Too late. There will be witnesses. 
U.S. drugmakers are shipping antiviral drugs, including HIV meds, to Chinese health authorities to see if those work against the #coronavirus @JaredSHopkins - ht @ScottGottliebMD 
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East. 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 🤣🤣 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Adam Schiff nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized #Housing Slowdown via @sechaney “It mat­ters be­cause the hous­ing mar­ket is a big as­set mar­ket which has quite large po­ten­tial impacts on con­sumer spend­ing,” via Adam Slater @OxfordEconomics 
Satire. But not really. 
Y’all can’t make this sh*t up!!!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
I'm not really one for the Babylon Bee; but this is clever. 
Something they are wholly unprepared for. Stepping outside of the 15 hour work week will be indeed grueling. They may want to raise their own pay to compensate. 
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Measures to Contain Coronavirus Falter, Rattling Global Markets 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent via 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. - 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
@Inzi34 @Notaboomer1 @PrisonPlanet Here’s another ominous report of major US Universities tied to Wuhan. They are all dealing in biologics. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Canada's ratification of Nafta, or USMCA, "won’t be a rubber stamp. It will get passed but there will be bumps.” 
We spoke to Coach Monica Aldama from Netflix’s “Cheer” about what gets her through her week, what vitamins she takes and what wakes her up in the middle of the night. 
Tiger Global Raises $3.75 Billion Venture Fund: Fund raise illustrates investors’ belief that private technology continues to be a good investment 
» Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments | 
Allowing Huawei, and by extension, the Chinese Communist Government, access to any part of the UK's 5G network is mistake. 
Didn’t occur to me my little tweet would get so much attention or I’d’ve included links to the stories (I’ve tweeted them out before): and 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
I want to know WHO the @GOP TRAITORS ARE!?!!?!?!?!?!? Collins? Murkowski? Collins? Sleazebag Romney? Who else? OUTRAGED!!! 
“Premature scaling in a capital-intensive business is insanity,” @gsands said. After WeWork, real-estate startups rethink pursuit of fast growth by 's @KonradPutzier: 
Worth a read. Possibly fodder for Sanders/Warren 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - 
British Airways cancels all flights to and from mainland China as coronavirus spreads and governments begin evacuating citizens 
Classic Televangelist Lies. Why aren't these guys nominated for Oscars? #religion #Christianity 
Your silence on this issue is deafening, Bernard. Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Once upon a #spy. #china #Harvard 
@alanhe @JaxAlemany @SenJoniErnst Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
$LMT Lockheed Martin Targets Sikorsky Growth 
To be fair, he made her a sandwich later (y) ~ 
Must remember not to do this 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
What happens when a failed casino developer is allowed to run this country. #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #WorstPresidentinHistory #MoronInChief #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #cryingformycountry 
Folks, please take a listen to the podcast with two of our Brazil reporters - Luciana Magalhaes and Samantha Pearson - who have worked for a year to document the back story to a dam collapse that killed nearly 300 people. 
@billy_penn My favorite. 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism - #لبنان_ينتفض 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
The White House is scrambling to respond to former aide John Bolton’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
From : 5G continues to be a hefty investment for #telecom companies with no clear winner in sight. Why bet on winners and losers? $SRVR - Mission critical assets powering #5G and #cloud 
sounds like the but could really be the CCP :-) 
She said the sermon lasted less than a minute. 🍄 @StormyDaniels 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@giantbunnylove @HillaryClinton I understand your skepticism in this age of rampant fake news, but I assure you this kind of hard-hitting reporting cannot be found elsewhere. 
Hi @ChrisMcGreal You write @guardian that Kushner never talked with the Palestinians before crafting his peace plan. This isn't true. As multiple media outlets reported, they met in June, 2017. 
Tweet storm to ensue Tmrw 🙄 
Oh the RAGE TWEETING will be EPIC. GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Trump Hosts Israeli Political Rivals to Discuss a Possible Peace Plan - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
I quit ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
“They came of age in the 2000s. Most are too young to remember the Chicago Bulls of the 1990s and the player he was always compared with. Kobe Bryant was their Michael Jordan.” 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right *Satire* 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career: by @Katie_Roof &amp; @marcvarta #sportstech 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes @JoeNBC @chucktodd @chrislhayes @jaketapper @KatyTurNBC @ErinBurnett @AC360 @brianstelter @CillizzaCNN @wolfblitzer 👇 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via -SCOTUS ALLOWS TRUMP ADMIN TO IMPLEMENT RULES DENYING RESIDENCY OVER PUBLIC ASSISTANCE... NO GREEN CARD 
Check out this dangerous new weapon hitting the streets! 
Pretty much what he said. Americans made the wrong choice last time and there is no reason to trust them this time either if you listen to @repadamSchiff! 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Move gives drivers more control in response to state’s gig-economy law. 
@nandron Definitely depends on your politics to an extent but I get a kick out of stuff like this 
#TRUMP_ADMINISTRATION gets a boost for its #IMMIGRATION_POLICY from the #SUPREME_COURT. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
This is pretty bad... 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down 
It is disturbing that in a period of solid economic growth and full employment, budget deficits persist and the federal debt grows unabated. 
If you’re wondering what to do with that old fur in your closet, consider donating it to a wildlife rescue or sanctuary. They use them for animal bedding. Such a wonderful way to turn an outdated and ugly fashion statement into something really beautiful. 
Iran leaders seek to heal rifts after lies over crash. At last they dig the need! 
@SenJeffMerkley And yet, a constitutional law scholar says... #impeachmentsham 
Are even trumpers stupid enough to believe this? 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
GOP #ImpeachmentNOW defense lawyer @JaySekulow says that impeachment "is not a game of leaks and unsourced manuscript. That is politics...." Sekulow might want to consult with his colleague #KenStarr about his practices. 
Way to go Trump! Didn't he tell us that he'd erase the debt in 8 years? Guess he thought he could just go bankrupt (like all the other times). 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
@KashJackson2018 @gilpo104 @BernieSanders That’s not what the Constitution says. 
New research from @ChicagoBooth's Eric Budish, et al., finds eliminating latency arbitrage would reduce the cost of trading by 17%. Via : 
Great to see @MELLODDY_IMI elevated in @Bayer's #federatedlearning initiatives! We're delighted to be a part of this project! #machinelearning #drugdiscovery 
Great! @THEDonnaPiranha 
MAGA Country edition! New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
I don't believe this at all! Released so tRUMP can strong arm anyone that are thinking! Cause cover ups deplore thinkers! GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@SteveBenko this one hit different :( 
or Harvard? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Billie Eilish Revolution: How the Unconventional Teen Swept the Grammys - The Wall Street Journal #FooFighters 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Stocks Are on Course for Biggest Move Since October: 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: Hong Kong cuts transport links with China to contain coronavirus * Nikkei: Indonesia's wealth gap spurs Muslims to join 'economic jihad' * : Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] WHY I'M GLAD GOD IS NOT A LIBERAL DEMOCRAT. 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
@SuckMeter Oldie but goodie bad sadly still applies 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
GOP is going to try and turn this into an absolute freak show. Senate Dems have to rise to moment and be ready to set the tone and dictate the pace from the jump. No absurdity or lie goes unanswered. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign ⁦@CNN⁩ all I can say is.....Dumbasses 
@FitzGaming101 @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump Trump making America great again. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal 
What an absolute shame what is going on in Venezuela. Russia is all over the place on this one. via 
Trumponomics: U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects The government will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 and deficits will exceed that amount every year for the foreseeable future 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade via 
@Jim_Bakker is a fucking charlatan and should be back in Club Fed making to for his messiah. 
Victim In Fatal Car Accident Tragically Not Glenn Beck 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal 
“Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact,” ⁦@karen_langley⁩ ⁦⁩ 
Some Leftie just told that Hunter wasn't dishonorably disch So, here it is via the WALL STREET JOURNAL Hunter Biden was not fit for that job Only got it cuz Dad's in charge of Ukraine Policy Hunter's NOT WORTH $50,000/MONTH 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Colorado Rep. Jason Crow’s prominent role as an impeachment manager isn’t moving the partisan needle in the Denver suburbs, where the Democrat won his seat from a longtime Republican incumbent in 2018 
The maker of Post-It Notes says the job cuts are likely to help it save $120 million a year. 
wsj: u.s. surveillance craft crashes in taliban-held area in afghanistan 
WHOOP: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
.@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch @FoxNews And Yell At It. 
Some drug makers are shipping HIV medicines to China for testing against the Wuhan coronavirus. The meds work by interfering with viral replication. 
This is why I tell the National GOP Committee to pound sand when they ask for contributions. #MAGA #QAnon #GOPsucks #FakeRepublicans via 
LOL, how big of him to let Li "shine" at ground zero of the #coronavirus 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan Hitler killed 6 millions Communism has killed 100millions and still counting 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
@okkie48 @realDonaldTrump @nytimes "The government will spend $1 TRILLION MORE than it collects in 2020 &amp; defecits will reach or exceed that threshold every year for the forseeable future... " Can we say TAX CUT SCAM?!! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Good Part: #Bernie militants who refused to show up for Hillary will be paying off DT's #TaxScam for their entire working careers... #IACaucus #NoOnBernie 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat Love it! 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
@joncoopertweets This is a good sign that public opinion is pushing @SenateGOP members in the honorable direction in spite of themselves. 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
Trump’s basically proposing a two state solution for Palestine and Israel. While I’m not necessarily pro Palestine in everything and always been proponent of two state, it’d feels really sad having to give up your land to invaders who’s been oppressing you 
The Air Raid was once considered too extreme for the NFL, and the quarterbacks who played in it weren't supposed to succeed. Then came Patrick Mahomes. 
A vote for any democrat equals a vote to empty your pocket. #VoteWithYourWallet Vote #Trump2020 The Tax Increases to Come - 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
@MovieKessler I now know what you mean. Needed that extra clarification. I agree with what you said. The fear of otherness is a big proponent of Lovecraft. My main problem with the statements made by the game is that it comes across like this article. 
@justchuy1 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
See Liz's quote here. She is a lawyer motivated by virtue. Dershowitz is not. 
There will be people who believe this! 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone Unless it enters California illegally, in which case he will offer it a driver's license, free college, and register it as a Democrat. 
LMFAO😄😄😄😄😄😆 
markets: The Cboe Volatility Index climbed Monday to its highest level since the start of this year 
In big dairy bankruptcy news... 
This may be the most profitable ecosystem of all time! 
: d410a03c-6b99-4a86-9b8b-5959bab59cde 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Immigrants Come to America to Work. 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Secrecy can kill, but the 🇨🇳👿☠️#Chinese Communist Party #CCP cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost #WuhanOutbreak #Beijing #WuhanVirus via 
Martin Indyk, fellow at Council on Foreign Relations and Middle East expert says: Middle East waste of time; and Israel can handle itself w/o USA. BIG, and WELCOME CHANGE. 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of lying about receiving millions in Chinese funding, in an escalation of U.S. efforts to counter what officials say is a plot by Beijing to mine U.S. universities 
The opinion on @AmbJohnBolton "He’s a straight-shooter, even if he sometimes aims right between the eyes." 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
@Santucci Why couldn’t he just have used some of the holy semen and taken care of it himself? 
What to Know About the New Chinese #Coronavirus from the assiduous .@betswrites via 
75% of America wants witnesses. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@xeni Because the whole "Russia conspiracy" tied to Bernie is cooked up to tell marginalized communities their lives should not get better, while both the US and Russia constantly interfere in the political affairs of other countries. Flashback to 2012: 
A phenomenal #dataviz showing global economic risks. Countries hurt the most by a global #TradeWar... 1. #Luxembourg 2. #HongKong 3. #Singapore 4. #Malta 5. #Ireland via @wsj @zhu_ellie_xr @greg_ip @CBRE_EMEA @CBRESingapore @CBRE_Ireland 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Rise of the #unitaskers, guacamole edition. Or... just use a spoon? 🤔 
The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro with Juan Guaido hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
TBH I think in this case, Wuhan/Hunei’s response =/= Beijing’s response. 
for the first time in a long time, I have some hope of course Trump and McConnell are going to twist arms but this was unthinkable a week ago imagine where the momentum could take us via 
Rare that I can talk about academic and NatSec stuff here, but holy shit. Lieber was basically the Father of US nanotechnology... 
@ewarren @SenWarren @SenSanders @BernieSanders @JoeBiden Integrity....you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Smart move by the court. Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV - 
⁦I’m not a fan of fur, but if you’re interested in recycled fur, @EcoGriffe⁩ in Quebec City is doing *cute* things with it! If you’ve inherited an unwanted family fur, consider having it made into a throw pillow or heirloom teddy bear. 
⁦@TammySueBakker⁩ The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Oh, Lordy! How wrong have I gotten this divine and devout president of goodness? Bless me, for I have sinned: 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
@monstermonk @zarahsultana No Gangesters run Palestine. Omar Karsou was my best friend and business partner - God Rest His soul. He lived the Araft cartel. Spent hours talking with him about it. I support Palestine more than many 
Ocasio-Cortez Desperately Trying To Make Math On Universal Healthcare Add Up While Punching Numbers Into A Potato 
Residential developments are rising on the sites of former media companies via 
🚨 : Gardner, McSally &amp; Tillis "warned" against hearing from witnesses b/c "a drawn-out trial could lead to more Democratic attacks and hurt their re-election chances, the people said." #cosen #copolitics #azsen #ncsen #ncpol 
🇺🇸 Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged On Alleged Undisclosed Ties To China. #CharlesLieber #nanotechnology #Harvard #China 
@nitinbhatia121 If coronavirus news isn't a trigger for the market, then how can US market and stocks like Alphabet and apple got declined, as their market is less prone to manipulation. 
Of course, @ProperOpinion knows what the all-time greatest article is: 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@hotgayscientist @JSpagna1 @PetraKrothotkin Owls are assholes tho. confirms 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
More on Tesla by @GunjanJS : options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report tomorrow. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
Phony Service Dogs Hurt Veterans A new federal rule will keep untrained ‘emotional support animals’ off planes. 
SERIOUSLY???? Watch and see what happens when socialists are elected.... 
Perhaps when Jesus returns He can make Windows not suck. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Republicans are soooo fucking shameless, and uncreative, and this is just beyond the pale, and fuck it, let's just impeach the whole fucking party!!! #RemoveTrump 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty #joke #satire 
Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports - . ⁦@barstoolsports now valued at $450 million. Wow. 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
“The Semen on the Mount” Where the f**k do these deluded, self-righteous, Forbes toting idiots come up with this blasphemy? 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
The greatest threats to liberal democracy are internal—illiberalism, ethnic nationalism and loss of confidence, writes @BillGalston vía 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@RedBlueUnite @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
THE MEDIA IS SAD THAT THERE WAS NO GUN VIOLENCE IN RICHMOND.. what is bad for the country is good for the dems . they hate the USA Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Older, hopefully wiser CIOs are now leading IT at the biggest U.S. corporations via 
Collapse of the nano-world and worse situation in self-fulling prophecy in trust. 
Social media has taken over the everyday life of people, most importantly adolescence. No matter how consuming the content is online, there are teenagers who are sensible enough to stay off the internet when needed to. #csulb104 
TPG in Talks to Reduce Stake in $32 Billion Credit-Investing Arm 
I'll believe it when I see it. 
If I am President I will make this the law of the land. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
In major deal the Babylon Bee purchased competing satire site CNN: 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@csd @SenFeinstein @davidfrum If you are a conservative, you will vote Democrat in the next election. 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist 
I usually don't post #satire, especially from , but this... 
This is the fan-fiction Facebook Christians want you to believe just to validate themselves for worshipping a garbage person. 
While tRump was shamelessly raw doggin a porn star he was quoting scripture? Or was she nearly screaming "oh god, oh god, oh god" because of his exaggerated fungus like shaped phallus? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel' 
Dems are Trying to impeach the voters for 2016! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Well thank you mr trump dump, Republicans and this completely corrupt administration! That includes Conway and all the Lawyers. 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
UnFrickin' Believable! Who believes this garbage? Are there really people who are that stupidly gullible? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
I feel it. I took several naps while the #Democrats were repeating everything over, over and over. 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
This could be a problem, voting app in Iowa. 
@WhiteHouse @Scavino45 Didn't @SecPompeo just ask a reporter “Do you think Americans care about Ukraine?” Reports say he did...very strongly... 
Here are the Common Myths Associated with GMOs and the Facts That Refute Them: 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
New: GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses in impeachment trial by @lindsaywise 
@realDonaldTrump also you -- The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Babylon bee cracks me up. 
Some Vulnerable GOP Senators Warn Colleagues Against Drawn-Out Trial via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Legalizing Marijuana in #NewYork Regains Attention Among Lawmakers 
: 5988cb69-483d-4a94-9636-33334aead24f 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. 
: 6ad528ff-5fce-4af8-9c9f-7f0fe88be03f 
__www.wsj.com/articles/trump-defense-team-to-close-arguments-complicated-by-bolton-reports-11580215229 _wsj.com/articles/trump-defense-team-to-close-arguments-complicated-by-bolton-reports-11580215229 #Here #Come #Witnesses 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@realDonaldTrump Bolton sent both Fiona Hill and Alexander Vindman to NSC lawyers to report concerns about Trump's Ukraine pressure campaign 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - The Wall Street Journal 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
@SenTedCruz The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesnt Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
President Trump's Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents 
@lukestein j/k - you're looking great! 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
In Major Deal . . . Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN! 🐝Sting! 😂😂😂 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead via 
@CodyIsAGoodBoy @realDonaldTrump Want to read something funny? Because that's exactly what 1 certain televangelist is trying to do. 
Despite concerns over a global #housing slowdown, the NAM housing market continues to show signs of strength. Chris Fisher outlines four key considerations when planning for US #building demand In response to the article 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Raise your hand if you just made money on #coronovirus #daytrading 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did - 
Concerns About Cloud Security Prompt More Scrutiny from Financial Regulators via @CFOJournal 
Who knew? “I grew up in Italy, so it will have a place near my heart, al­ways,” he said in a 2011 ra­dio in­ter­view in flu­ent Ital­ian.” 
OMG, seriously?! Will this hypocrite now re-write his own history about Jessica Hawn too?! How stupid are the evangelicals to believe this?? Oh, yeah, they love tRump. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Sounds like a fun way to spread the gospel think I'll start spreading the gospel. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Is turning to be my favorite gag site. Our own 
oh boy 
Antonio Brown Proves He’s Changed Man By Breaking Into Robert Kraft’s House In Middle Of Night To Apologize 
'Why'-Doesn't-John-BOLTON ... Just March-Into-The-SENATE &amp;-Give-Them The-MONOCLE ... [All]-BLUSTER or-Is-He-Actually 'Scared'-of-SOMETHING!!!??? &gt;(*U^)&lt; (Joke) 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@TeamCornyn @JohnCornyn Religious freedom. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Lol, very clever 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday Did we ever care about impeachment more than TACO TUESDAY? 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
McConnell was trying to #CoverUpGOP McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
I had to laugh when I saw this. 
Local Dipshit Planning On Fighting Trump Administration Through Art 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
RIP Harvard Professor Clayton M. Christensen Turned His Life Into a Case Study 
» Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Over a year later and this “long-shot bid” isn’t seeming like such a long-shot anymore 
Shale producers are under pressure as investors sour on the sector 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent Another Opaque autocracy on its death bed 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
How about both? 
5 leaders in their respective fields share predictions on the workplace of 2050. How do you see work changing in your area? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@GrannyDeebieGG @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The other side of the coin of #Trumponomics which ⁦@POTUS⁩ completely forgot to mention in #Davos2020: The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
"PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content" 
Tech Giants' New Call to Lawmakers: 'Regulate Us' 
The city's initiative to help public schools in high-poverty areas had no effect on students’ state test scores in reading and little effect in math, but absenteeism declined and graduation rates rose 
The @ADL recommends shaving off your hair so you avoid any offensive haircuts, though that then makes you a skinhead 
#Putin prevented #Trump from implementing #RegimeChange in #Venezuela 
Trumpian Economics: U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
⁦@nytimes⁩ @washingtonpost⁩ ⁦@SenTedCruz⁩ ⁦@JohnCornyn⁩: I’m a Texan. I’m conservative. Due to Trump, I’m a former Republican. GOP met behind closed doors to persuade AGAINST truth-seeking. Disgusting. Don’t claim no cover up. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
18 Reasons The Rapture Will Be In 2018 | 
It's extremely disturbing to me there are people that may actually believe this insanity in our country. It couldn't be more obvious it's time to tax the hell out of these con artist preaching Trump from the pulpits. Shame on these liars. 
📰 "Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China" 
Love this 
Sekulow reminds me of this classic piece from : 
U.S. Blacklists Foreign Companies Allegedly Supporting Iran’s Petroleum Sector 
Tragedy Mask Clearly Jealous Of Comedy Mask 
Unclear What Licensing Deal Led To Single Season 4 Episode Of ‘The Blacklist’ Being Available For Viewing On Airplane 
"You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
What to Know About the New Chinese #Coronavirus 
Get your kid rugby ready! 😅😅😅 Minis practice starts Tuesday night at SSAP turf 3 6:30pm #fakenews #gains #rugbykids 
Wow another six months of fundraising .... oh and collusion to get rid of trump - McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
😂 🤣 Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@tgradous @realDailyWire Don’t both sides have to agree for it to be a realistic peace plan? 🧐 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
Mitch McConnell does not have the votes to block witnesses in the impeachment trial of Donald Trump. 
New @ubykotex ads break stigmas by depicting lifelike menstrual blood: [via ] More on the "uncomfortable" marketing trend: 
Guess why the economy hasn't tanked yet. 
⁦@frangeladuo⁩ Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
That time when The Bee went ‘all in’ trolling CNN 
@benkesslen Well I mean these are the same people who gave music--a mode of creative expression consisting of sound and silence expressed through time--a 6.8 rating. 
That'll work. This is so effective when responding to other's posts. 
It's about time this came into the open...this stuff has been going on for years 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
I don't totally follow the science here, but fascinating to learn whether anti-viral drugs that treat HIV could be used to treat the newest coronavirus, as they apparently helped in dealing with SARS 
A new low in American journalism. Sad and shameful. 
Sales of fur clothing hit $30B in 2019, down 10-15% from 2018 due to slowdowns in top-producing China and Russia. Many major U.S. retailers will stop selling by 2020's end, but fur maintenance is still a growing business, via @rayalexsmith #HPS_NY 
Potential problems for US are mounting. As noted by @AmrithRamkumar in @wsjmarkets, US crude oil recently logged its fifth consecutive decline -- 
From opinion: Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
@A_Handsome_Cat @OhGodPlsNOO @AnonymousAda @stillgray I'm assuming you disagreed in good faith and so I will link to an article that discusses international law and provides further clarity from a legal point of view. Unfortunately, I have work to do. Ciao. 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December - 
Federal scrutiny of improper ties to China in academia is getting pretty serious. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Truth. 
: Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Hey Hillary....I can't wait till they melt...you life away 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
Church Drummers To Play 70-Minute Solos In Honor Of Neil Peart This Sunday 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump BREAKING : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@SenMcSallyAZ @timkaine Veterans can't trust Martha McSally, who only cares about herself, any more than they can trust her master Donald Trump. We apologize. 
Watch the Trump Impeachment Trial 
@Jeff28043896 @SethAbramson Truth is Hunter Biden himself wasn't investigated. While closing the case he inherited, the new prosecutor stated the he found nothing related to Biden. Burisma firm was using Biden as leverage to gain access to the state department. 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Fully AGREE! 
@WriterRomana @dwightivy_ivy @AlanDersh Funny, it’s exactly what happened. It just has to be explained in simple terms because you followed the “fox news-Ified” spin which made it perfectly fine to investigate a political rival even though he lied about it, and oh, it’s against the law. 
Some senators say the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
Remind you of anyone? @SenToomey 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
I often have mixed emotions like these people in Idaho, in regards to people moving to SLC. -Grateful for the Growth of SLC -Nostalgic about the way things used to be --Especially with crowded canyons Thoughts and feelings about the migration to SLC? 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
The second firm, Germany’s TUV SUD, gave the dam the lowest rating of any Vale dams it was inspecting. But it still certified it as safe, under pressure from Vale. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Haaaaa! Love the Bee! Wilson Powell Andrea Kaye Don Neuen Janice Tripucka 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City U.S. evacuation flight set to ferry some citizens to California, while hundred... 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker your choice America: trumptainity versus Christianity 
#TrumpSupportersHaveLostIt!! Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Hong Kong-China Travel Reduced Due to Coronavirus @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
other than implying that average and replacement-level are the same, this is pretty good 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Well done, BB. 😝 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election @TheBabylonBe op 
😆😆😆 Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
I gained five pounds just reading about this: 
Holocaust Survivors Recall Exact Day Holocaust Started Right Out Of The Blue 
Huawei or the highway, ammirght? 😞 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
Trepp’s Manus Clancy shares retail insights with the . Track lending activity using best of class TreppLoan and see what’s happening in your market. #Trepp # #CRE 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Hilarious 😂 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
“The 🇬🇧 UK gov­t has given the green light for Huawei to build part of its next-generation 5G cel­lu­lar net­work, dismiss­ing calls from the Trump ad­min­is­tra­tion to boy­cott the Chi­nese tele­com-equip­ment ven­dor over se­cu­rity fears.” #cdnpoli 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial Stunned boredom and disgust! 
#Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of #ImpeachmentTrial &gt; @onSubverse @michaelmalice 
Mom And Dad, I'm Gay And Also Stronger Than Both Of You, So Don't Try Any Shit 
Geopolitical score in 2019 #US 0 - 10 #Russia via 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
Cleaning Up After Comey - Will Comey be jailed? 
Demand for 3M face masks surges amid virus threat but broader slump leads to job cuts via 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
MCCONNELL DOESN'T HAVE VOTES TO BLOCK WITNESSES... 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder 
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
AbbVie and Johnson &amp; Johnson are among the companies that have started shipping drugs approved to treat HIV, answering Chinese authorities’ calls to test potential treatments for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
Since intentions always equal results, this is fabulous news. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
From opinion: The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s “wet markets” once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
"Republican leadership doesn’t currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses when the Senate votes later this week, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a private party meeting, according to people familiar with the discussions" 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding at #Harvard #NIH 
Prosecutor at a news con­fer­ence out­side Ep­stein’s for­mer Man­hat­tan res­i­dence: “To date Prince An­drew has pro­vided zero co­op­er­ation.” ⁦@coryramey⁩ 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via #BodyTemperature 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
Casper Has Big Dreams, but Wall Street Is Waking Up to Losses as Its IPO Nears - 
The secret to Loro Piana’s exquisite yet sustainable cashmere? Join as we head to Mongolia to discover how #LoroPiana produces their first-in-class quality fabrics through sustainable practices in Custom's magnificent campaign: 
hitting close to home: Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Experts: 'Derek Jeter Probably Didn't Need To Jump To Throw That Guy Out' 
: c4be1f66-9cf5-4169-a3db-b99ae3ea9925 
Fox Apologizes After Accidentally Turning On Joe Buck's Microphone | 
markets: Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. Shares rose 2.3% afterhours. 
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
@realDonaldTrump Tick tock. 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Today, more than ever, we need to own our careers and maximize opportunities 
@RawStory So which is it????? 
Not all business models are equal. This piece by @konradputzier in @wsj details the differences between tech and real-estate startups, including capital requirements and risk profile. 
Elizabeth Warren Announces Her Presidency Will Include Free Year Of Disney+, ESPN, And Hulu | 
@AngieMongolia According to this, the Taliban didn't shoot it down, just recovered the bodies at the crash site (according to the Taliban). And the Pentagon isn't saying how many people were aboard or who they were. So...yeah. A mystery. 
@mterr337 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@FunPatroll @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version 
Liar, liar ... Pants on fire!! 
Now you say. Still you were part of the problem. Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency Zhou Xianwang says central government needed to approve release of sensitive information 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Editorial ⁦⁩ Coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies China health is understaffed &amp; less efficient that many think China tuberculosis rate still 3 times higher than Mexico... &amp; 20% fewer physi­cians per capita than Mex­ico 
World’s largest brewer has set the bar for a new, data-driven approach to compliance 
@RawStory Does "NOT" ? 
Why invest? A 22-year-old’s tough questions about capitalism via 
Controversial research tackling a controversial practice. The findings should encourage an evidence-based discussion on the costs and benefits of latency arbitrage. #TransparentInvestments #FastTrading #LatencyArbitrage 
The coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, which has all but sealed off China’s Hubei province, could have an outsize impact on the global auto industry, which has established a large footprint in the central China region. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
#TrumpTeam to Close Arguments, Seeking to Avoid #BoltonTestimony. But they Can't Avoid #BoltonBook. Smart Move? 
The Trump plan for Israeli-Palestinian peach isn't simply more of the same. It's a signficant departure from past American efforts. via 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors - 
20 years ago this week from : "Area Supervisor Hates To Break Up Little Party" 
This is what @OpenNYForAll is fighting against in SoHo: “ ‘There already is lots and lots and lots of affordable housing,’ Sean Sweeney, 74, a member of the activist group SoHo Alliance, said in an interview.” 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
Moscow Mitch Just Said That He Does'nt Have Enough Republicans To Block Witnesses From Testifying 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump’s Middle East approach: Palestinians need to recognize their position is getting worse daily as Israel expands into Arab territories, and accepting Trump’s peace initiative may represent their last hope to salvage their own state. Via @GeraldFSeib 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
“Davos turned into a climate-change conference this year.” via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election. 😂🤣 
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
Sounds about right: Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week #coronavirus #Xitler #CCP_is_terrorist #fakenews 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton's Credibility - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel thanks @MichaelCBender 
@EliseStefanik GOP And It’s Allies Are Lying To American Public ! . . GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Grocers testing micro-fulfillment centers -- 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
As we got more news on the #people #who #died #alongside #KobeBryant. What a massive lost. We sympathiz with all the families that are morning the lost of their loved one. 😱 
Up from the 5 a week they work now 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 #people #article 
Managing the Transition to Industry 4.0: Survey #futureofwork #industry40 #automation #CXOs #climatechange via @DeloitteUS 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa. They are very afraid of Biden. #ImpartialJurorHaHa 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt 
Proof that John was the walrus. 
Germany's chancellor in waiting shares her plans to make Germany great again. Also, she talks about God. 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The deportation of an Iranian student who held a valid visa to study in Boston has cast further scrutiny on the practices of immigration authorities 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Something to pay attention to in our Universities — heightened Chinese influence — this time at a small college outside Boston: 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
@_Jon_Green Nah, they're going to pull an , "Fuck everything, we're endorsing all the Dem candidates" 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen"" @cspanwj 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Womp womp ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
What happens when a bunch of musically inclined Salesforce employees find each other? "Cloudy With a Chance of Beatbox," their in-house a cappella group. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings by Richard Murray Fanatacism(thetenner10) 
On a recent long distance flight, there were a few passengers walking around #barefoot , one even using the lavatory barefoot which I thought was really unhygienic. I didn’t realize this was a phenomenon until reading this today. #flyingbarefoot 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week (satire) 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
. . Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ... 
#PuppyBowlXVI is upon us. While it's cute let's not forget the controversies of Puppy Bowls twelve and thirteen. 
Satire so ridiculous that it's true. 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Smoooooth 
As Jane Raskin addresses Senators about Rudy Giuliani, it’s worth noting that she appears in this celebratory “Team Trump” photo posted by Lev Parnas Uh, oh Private Photos #WitnessesAndDocuments #TrumpAbuseOfPower #TrumpObstruction ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ @GOP 
hey @wsjournal might you consider letting some folks who actually do this work respond to this mess ( eg. @Graham_Coop @itsbirdemic @jnovembre ? 
: 35a13bef-be17-4caa-bdf4-f98b16f4aaaa 
It seems like often humor is more serious than real life... 
Tech Regulators Expanding Focus to Artificial Intelligence #AI #machinelearning 
@GregRubini Sondland gave Trump's Inaugural Fund a $1 million donation. That is how he got the EU Ambassador job. Even Murdoch's will tell you that, as will every other news source on the planet. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
SEC Urges Better Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms - 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
From - "America’s Newspaper of Record." Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
I wish would stick to parody! This is hard news! 
#Coronavirus Hits #HongKong as #Economy Reels From Protests Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS #illness #flu #china #cdc #trends 
How is this even possible????😡😡😡 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
U.S. Hospitals Aren’t Ready for the Coronavirus via 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
He will raise the credibility of the NYT. 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ - 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@cmclymer Since no one shows me evidence of transphobic statements from Rogan, i can't take it seriously. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - #coverupmitch 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Reading this article about rezonings stalling across the city, it's hard not to get depressed. The community leaders and council members in Bushwick are fighting a losing fight, because blocking development isn't going to stop gentrification. 
Notable &amp; Quotable: Tony Abbott on Trump 
British Airways Suspends all flights to Mainland China as Coronavirus Spreads. (cc to @MoCA_GoI ) @narendramodi 
The print-machine is always on folks. Get some Cryptocurrencies. $BTC $ETH $BOLT $BNB $ZIL $MATIC #Crypto #Blockchain 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣BUT sad thing is... there are actually SOME DemoKKKrats who don't comprehend this satire! 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,” he said. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Daily reminder #seattleshooting 
The problem with republicans is they are more reasoned than partisan. Every single time the dems act foolish the reps just take them seriously instead of stopping it. I hope the reps are as partisan in the senate as the dems were in the house. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to REIT Stocks - The Wall Street Journal 
“It is bla­tant in­ter­fer­ence in the Is­raeli elec­tions masquerad­ing as a peace plan.” - Martin Indy 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Customer phone churn hits highest rate since at least 2015 as Sprint pulls back on promotions via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The Treasury Department blacklisted four foreign companies for allegedly supporting and facilitating Iran’s petrochemical and petroleum exports—among the latest efforts by Washington to pressure Tehran via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@realDonaldTrump U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #SoMuchWinning #FiscalConservative 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“This is a small sample of China’s ongoing campaign to siphon off American technology and know-how for Chinese gain.” 
@SenatorMenendez So true!! 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela: reports, the Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from US allies. 
Coming Fed statement and figures on fourth-quarter economic growth in the U.S. could move gold prices. 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@nanwhaley Looks like Pete is done. Plus, accused by own staff of lack of diversity. Why would support a guy like this? 
@BernieSanders @SenSanders #Bernie2020 #BernieBros To the Campaign the Facts of Communism/Socialism that you all are so wanting in USA even by force. @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 #KAG2020 🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally #TornadoTrump 
Pelosi: 'Any Child Who Somehow Escaped Both Abortion And Infanticide Has Earned The Right To Vote' 
@CNN while you're at it put lipsticks on the 🐽 🐽 
@mbauwens 'Failed'? Umair doesn't know very successful BigGovt #CronyCapitalism when he see it. :P nailed part of it in 1998: The same is true with BigBanks, BigAg, BigPharma ... In #CitizensUnited, SCOTUS confirmed our Govt is one by/of /for #Corporations 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Pelosi ssid “impeachment is so divisive to the country that unless there’s something so compelling and overwhelming and bipartisan, I don’t think we should go down that path because it divides the country.” The House then impeached Trump with no GOP votes. 
editorial board: "All Mr. Bolton reportedly adds is news of a conversation in which Mr. Trump made a direct connection between the two that nearly everyone already assumed. This still isn’t close to a high crime or misdemeanor.” 
There are always some Brits on charter flights, especially on the return leg walking around with bare feet and displaying their fat/ugly barely covered bodies, some even going bare foot in to the toilet. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
At a time of soul-searching for U.S. industrial conglomerates, United Technologies may be trying to do too much at the same time. 
“Not since World War II has the coun­try seen deficits dur­ing times of low un­em­ploy­ment that are as large as those that we project”. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus Consider the Spanish flu, which killed 50 million in 1918-19 as governments at war suppressed the news. 
Here are some pretty compelling predictions about the future of job interviews from &gt;&gt; #jobinterviews #staffing #recruiting #AI 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan 
Trump Secures Unlimited Chips And Salsa In Mexican Trade Deal 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
I can't love this company too much. A company extends a hand to those with criminal pasts via 
Let's stop referring to any of the 2020 Democrats as "moderate" opinion: "They mask this revenue grab behind rhetoric about the wealthy. But now and again the mask slips, as with the proposals to raise the payroll tax on all workers." 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding, @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe report: 
ACCURATE 
Just four years ago, CIOs were the youngest executives in the front office. A new study reveals their average age is nudging higher. 
Mar 19, 2015 Hillary Clinton Ukrainian connections. 
This article tells you all you need to know about televangelist. KEEP YOUR KIDS AWAY FROM THEM 
@BernieBitch420 @DeNarde4MoCo @jimmy_dore @miserablelib @RonPlacone @FoxNews @Newsweek Liberals Say @BernieSanders’s Acceptance Of #Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
@davehtaylor @Adrian4Bernie @TheSocietyDude If you're comparing Joe Rogan to a top guy with the KKK you're either incredibly dense and misinformed — or you're being *purposefully* obtuse for an agenda. Related: 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
No, this is fine, people. Totally normal... Really... 
"If this keeps up, we're really gonna have to burn the midnight oil and put in 25 or even 30 hours," whined Rep. Adam Schiff. "That leaves me hardly any time for taking bribes from lobbyists!" 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
While expected, this is a major loss for the White House. It expects Britain to start a domino effect. Other countries will probably embrace Huawei. U.S. will now have to lobby many more nations. 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment How else is she going to afford adrenochrome now that her Ukrainian kickbacks have dried up? #pelsoi #Maga #TheGreatAwakening #Qanon #adrenochrome #Impeacment #Soros 
@karmacamilleon1 @TreasuryTutor It used to be. This is Poe's law in all its glory. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
: With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet Debate over whether central bank’s intervention led to a market rally complicates choices on how, when to wind it down 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter 
Not like a fanfic any normal person would write, of course. It's a closure fic for one of the 's old ongoing series: Department Head Rawlings. 
"Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations. Some Republican senators say manuscript bolsters case for further testimony." 
Yeah, but your economics degree was recalled 
Some residents of high-cost states - like Calif. #NJ, #NY &amp; even Texas - are leaving for cheaper locales.The 2017 tax law pushed them to do it ⁦@GovMurphy⁩ ⁦@Mulshine⁩ ⁦@SenSweeney⁩ ⁦@michaelmknox⁩ ⁦@NJPolicy⁩ ⁦@tomkean⁩ 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
: Microsoft Now Lets You Delay Windows Updates Until The Second Coming Of Christ 
Americans face credible security concerns from foreign 5G providers, yet @CommerceGov is pulling back commonsense restrictions. We need an interagency strategy to address the serious risks that come with the growing ubiquity of foreign-based #5G networks. 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero 
Ground Zero for China’s Mysterious Virus #video #news #klout 
@marklevinshow Bolton can testify now. What are you afraid of then? 
Me rn, startling passengers in a plane. YYYYES!!!! 
Prosecutors have brought a series of cases in recent months alleging that researchers at U.S. universities and labs didn’t disclose funding they were receiving from such programs, or tried to steal information to take to China. via 
Check this out if you teach statistics: 
@brick_hausdorff One of my favorite articles of all time: 
@JoeBiden @adamschiff Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Parody! 
Why is the @GOP silent about the financial health of our country? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Sage advice 
Thank God @MrPeanut isn't around to see this. 
So nice of Mitch to volunteer this to 3 major news sources. Oh, and he lies - a lot. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
😂👏🏼😂👏🏼😂👏🏼😂👏🏼😂 CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@Scattered211 @RepAdamSchiff Couldn't agree more...here's something to take your mind off the hearings. 
Source : 
Oops! Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via 
#NewJersey Economic Development Authority, unlike other EDAs, is incentivized to grant more business tax credits. Thus, the lack of diligence and wonton doling of unjustified tax credits 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The “AR” in it stands for “AR-15 Rifle” and the 15 stands for “50% more than 10.” Quick Mafs. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
the store must have #malchusswungfirst and #peterswungfirst tshirt options 
2020 is so weird and its only January 
Good morning Twitter! Your Tuesday #InspirationalQuotes comes from Coach @monicaaldama (she’s the Coach of @NavarroCollege Cheer team) “[l]eave it on the mat. Take everything you have and give it all in that one moment.” Article written by @mylestanzer 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@Xzamilloh Did you see this? 
Gorsuch Torches 'Cosmic' Injunctions - 
Can we just take a minute to think about this and absorb what is increasingly becoming unavoidable consequences? #NationalDebt #debt #nationalsecurity 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects The People: Should we have more spending or tax cuts Congress: 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - @vfiorg 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@impeach_mf @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Apparently Billie Eilish isn’t just big on streaming but she sells a lot of vinyl too. 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
The gist of this article is that Pete's campaign has serious problems with lack of inclusivity &amp; outreach to POC. You'd never know from the headline though. Just "personnel issues." 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California - $KOAN #CannabisCommunity 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America This is troubling. Their PET Brand makes Carolina Peach Pie Ice Cream which is to die for! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Fair trial yet you've already made up your mind as juror despite not seeing all evidence oir hearing all witnesses? You apparently don't know what a fair trial is. This article accurately describes today's GOP 
Trump only wants immigrants allowed in whom he may want (to pay) for sex ... 
@BorgWarner to buy @delphitech in $3.3 billion deal - 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
$EBAY EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right LOL. Compared to her, he was! 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Satire Tweet #3 () "Public Disapproval Of Iran Approach Convinces Trump To Reverse Soleimani Killing" 
The Klob. I can't believe the Klob is still in the race 
only horoscopes I trust. january 28, 2020 
Details, details... Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
#Freiheit #Recht #Demokratie #sozialeMarktwirtschaft #DemokratischerSozialismus #LernenausderGeschichte Paul stepped on the rake, and sure enough, the handle came flying up and conked him on the face. "Ah, another attempt that wa… 
: Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
😳THIS IS A MUST READ🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣oh shit! I.. can't🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣my sides 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣*wheezing*🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣I'm gonna pee my pants🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
@raintreesvilla @SkipTracer7 @alanhe @JaxAlemany I want a leader who doesn't have pie in the sky ideas that have been tried elsewhere and didn't work. 
Shareholders are certainly king in the big scheme of things, but there must be a balance in companies' focus. If you focus only on shareholders and ignore good business practices, there are bound to be problems that arise. via #shareholders #ECU4842 
Wow...exciting. 
So now they are pre-blaming the people? I've gotta read this to see what they are writing about. 
How I love the satire of the Bee! Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
@gCar @PsychePlays also, it’s dangerous: 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Coronavirus—or Weather Outbreak in Isolated City - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains convicted confidence trickster and felon Jim Bakker 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #China #Security via 
From : Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
A growing number of Americans are concerned about their data privacy. On this #DataPrivacyDay, I support @GOPLeader and his call for new data privacy laws in our country. 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
😆😎 Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@ChrisCuomo How quickly CNN forgets. The self-own is a CNN staple. 
: 1fad59f3-bde1-4bc9-ac33-1ce7b1b5563d 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
__________, raise your right hand. #CountryOverParty @gtconway3d @reedgalen @jwgop @madrid_mike @NHJennifer @TheRickWilson 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women 
Entrepreneurs Are Better Off Going It Alone, Study Says 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. 
That excuse only flies if she gets to the "Oh God!" stage, Bakker. 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
It Only Tuesday 
@RepAdamSchiff We cannot risk leaving this next election in the hands of the American people!! 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
Lucky’s Market, a specialty grocery chain that is majority-owned by Kroger Co., plans to sell at least some of its few dozen locations to Aldi during a chapter 11 bankruptcy triggered by stiff competition and high costs. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
We should encourage them to try this. 
People who eat tuna in public... 
@ShrinivasDempo #MambaForever Some times in life, you should know what not to do. #RIPMamba The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Nice to see @stoolpresidente will be essentially free rolling for March Madness....Watchout sportsbooks! @barstoolsports IMO smart purchase by Penn to gain marketshare in states with legalized sports betting. Going to be fun to see how this plays out. 
Hardware resurgence in face of shift to services... #BCNMI #DigitalEmpireBuilding 
Sanders Looks Beyond Iowa With Ads in California and Texas 
Study Finds Average Squirrel Lives Through Human Equivalent Of 7 Action Films Every Day 
I would ask for a parachute if I saw this next to me 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal 
What are US plans for quarantine ⁦@SecAzar⁩ #coronavirus orig­i­nated. Aus-tralia, Wuhan prov-ince of Hubei. will be quar­an­tined in a de­ten-tion cen­ter 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This. "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" Dum-Dum-Dump-Drumph #CallWitnesses #FairTrial #SenatorsDoYourDuty 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally Clearly Democrats are terribly disappointed the rally was peaceful and respectful! 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
The John Bolton Report 
What the Senate Impeachment Question Card Looks Like via 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' | 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump It's the way of human nature since the days of the Savannah and it ain't gonna change anytime soon. #trolling #TribalPolitics 
@realDonaldTrump and the @GOP are reaping the results of their tax cuts, and we're all paying for it. 
J&amp;J tried to keep CEO Alex Gorsky from testifying in talc litigation, arguing that he had no involvement in the R&amp;D or testing of its talc-containing powders. On Monday, he testified for more than four hours 
- Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
President's Defense Concludes Its Arguments 
Top story: U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - see more 
@BetsyDeVosED Thank you Betsy. You are the best Sec. of Educ. School vouchers and parent choice of schools will improve scores. Ignore the union trolls. They are the enemy. 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
U.S.—President Trump's historic impeachment trial began today, but nobody noticed as everyone was too excited about Taco Tuesday to care. #TacoTuesday 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD// Estará listo México??? 
Sen. Schumer’s partisan accusations and threats have further exposed his real goal with this trial: becoming Senate majority leader, writes @KimStrassel vía 
Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - 
@CNN @brianstelter @wolfblitzer CNN fact checks: 😂😂😂 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 😂😂😂😂 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Thanks Donald. CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - #MAGA 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
@stephenfhayes Who cares? SCHUMER practically handed Ukraine/Crimea to Russia in his op-ed. THEN OBAMA was president when Russia accepted the offer and invaded! 
"an institution is weak not so much when the general public loses trust in it ... as when its members cease to take it seriously." Book Review: Barton Swaim on “A Time to Build” by Yuval Levin. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
: In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
#Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of #Pacific Ocean: 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
As insurance firms adapt to maturing markets and economic turbulence, their growth depends on integrating technology and innovating business models. See our report at: via @DeloitteRiskFin #DeloitteFSI 
What exactly does she think is so funny about all this I wonder? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
5G Technology By The Numbers 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentHearings 
On Earth, we take gravity for granted. In space, it could become the most precious commodity of all. Space archeologist Alice Gorman explains why. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
Mitch McConnell Sends Pelosi Shirt Reading 'I Impeached The President And All I Got Was This Lousy T-Shirt' 
@realDonaldTrump Our”children 2 inherit the blessings”?How...when”the national debt&amp;sustained fed budget deficits will hit highest levels since WWarII over the next decade..following multiple rounds of tax cuts&amp;continued increases in fed spending.” 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@415holgate @BL_St1 Not a huge fan of my CVS, but in the interest of non-bias: 
GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory 
"Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial." And so they begin to crack. GET THEM @SenateDems 
they know the #Palestinians will never accept the #KushnerPeacePlan. Brilliant. #Islamophobia #AntiSemitism #Apartheid #IsraeliApartheid 3/3 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
BREAKING: Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN. #MSM 
Is that? Is that possibly a spine forming in the @SenateGOP caucus? Are some people actually thinking about putting country before party? I'm not going to believe it until I see it with my own eyes 
Now you know this guy is a fraud, fake and a carnival barker. He is DELUSIONAL Stop giving him $ you will not get to heaven by enriching this dumbass Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker . MORON ALERT 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via - THE JOHN BOLTON REPORT @KimStrassel 
@SethAbramson Victory!!! 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
» After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations via ⁦⁩ 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
"If the frequency of one's foot is out of alignment with the Earth, the entire body will suffer." 😂 Revolutionary New Insoles Combine Five Forms Of Pseudoscience 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@sarahncotton This me after every time I take a kickboxing class: 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Once again the Babylon Bee completely fails at satire. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@SenateGOP @SenJohnBarrasso Wall Street Journal reports that McConnell doesn't have the votes to block witnesses. 
Top story: Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - see more 
Who remembers this headline and wants justice??? ⁦@JussieSmollett⁩ Police Say Smollett Faked Hate Crime Because He Was Dissatisfied With His Salary - 
The U.S. is screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election Dems think citizens are stupid 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. @GOP @realDonaldTrump alienating allies with ongoing threats and extortion tactics? . #uspoli #cdnpoli 
Outrage replaces Baseball as America's national pastime 🤣 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Kobe Bryant's investment legacy includes co-founding a venture firm that made bets on such companies as Fortnite-creator Epic Games and legal-services company LegalZoom 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
LVMH results hit a new record high, capping a decade of uninterrupted revenue growth -- each year setting a new record. via 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Never forget: 
I will never not find this headline funny: Local Puppet Ignores Repeated Audience Dragon Warnings 
$XLNX Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Its Workforce 
Hermès is leaping into makeup. For now, there is only lipstick, for $67, with refills for $42. It comes in 24 colors (plus three additional options every season, for $72 each) and two different textures. 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
The Tax Increases to Come 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Remember when was satire? Good times. #ImpeachmentHearings 
Shkreli, Associate Tried to Block Generic Versions of Drug, Suit Claims 
🤣😂 Sosa Ross Igbe for real this guy🤣 
When President Gas Light brags about the economy, taking credit for 11 years of expansion, you want to also factor in his deficit, the largest since World War II 
.@patrickmadrid Another #TacoTuesday blessing 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via #GlobalStudiesKitsMiddleEast 
Dang it! How many times do I have to repeat myself!? IT IS A SEMI AUTOMATIC SLING! NOT AN AUTOMATIC SLING!! SHEESH!! ;-) After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hey @JamesVanFleet, didn't know about this latest cruise! 
@realDonaldTrump Quick to pull out Government Officials from Wuhan China, BUT the plane only seats 230 people, leaving 770 and will include diplomats from the U.S. consulate as well as Americans and their families. Those evacuated will be responsible for the cost. WOW!!! 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection I guess the kids today don't hang out in diners the way we did. 
Impeachment Trial Ramps Up Political Spending via @Yahoo 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“The #Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.” #rates #money #economy 
haha... CNN the ClownNewsNetwork. 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe 
Gone fish in’ 🐟 
Amtrak’s plans to launch a new fleet of higher capacity Acela trains next year could be jeopardized by manufacturing and contract delays, the railroad’s inspector general warned in a report Thursday. via (Paywall) 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit Ha! 
Inside #Google’s Quest for Millions of Medical Records - #TechJunkieNews 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 187 points as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
: 'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
Hahahaha....Love the Babylon Bee! 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Now Republicans will turn their strategy to making witness depositions classified and confidential so no one can hear them. 
Time to fire all politicians and put in working-class folks who have to live in reality and within real constrained budgets... U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 21, 2020 
TAKE A LOOK👇👇👇👇 “McConnell (R., Ky.) said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said.He had a card w/“yes,” “no,” “maybes” marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he didn’t show it to Senators” 
Could not agree more with @wrmead! "A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe" via , but, perhaps @akk finally heard what @sikorskiradek was calling Germany upon @UniofOxford in 2012? via @FT 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
For Adam Schiff for brains who thinks that the picking a president is much too important to be up to the voters! Hoot, Twitter Peeps!😂Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE | 
Thought it was already there. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
@realDonaldTrump "I feel like my family left me." 
Developers Court Wealthy Renters With More Luxury Apartments @_willparker_ 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Funny but I bet it’s really true if people were honest with themselves! 
Management guru and Harvard Professor, Clayton M. Christensen, knew that the leader's job was to achieve results, but her greater responsibility lay in leaving the world better than the way she found it. #businesspurpose #ESG #21stcenturyleaders 
This Week's Editorial Cartoon: "PBS Snooze Hour" 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
😂😂Must admit, didn't see this one coming: 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. via 
@CoryGardner Apparently, Cory's reelection is more important than the republic. 
Disney Drops ‘Fox’ From Twentieth Century Movie Studio Name - #disney 
Pretty good article about @billieeilish in the : She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via 
Okay BLACK EVANGELICALS. Y'all have aabsolutely NOTHING to say?? 
@shawnstrange71 @KaitLouiseWalsh @wpri12 Articke is accurate. Not all US citizens who wanted to leave could. Sure, they were evacuated by the govt. but more US citizens who wanted to leave could not. 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 1) As a Floridian, I can honestly say, after living through your vile attacks on Sen Nelson, this gutter level attack on the Bidens, is not only disturbing, but it's repulsive. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus #CommunismKills 
For the record, and because I am seeing a lot of b.s pertaining to this, Bernie campaigned vigorously for Hillary, far more so than she did for Obama. Receipts below. : Bernie Sanders Packs Schedule With Campaign Stops for Hillary Clinton 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Letting go with @KraftHeinzCo - company will discontinue some low-selling or unprofitable products: (h/t ) #foodindustry 
So, so sad. Wow 💔🥺 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
The Internet of Things Is Changing the World - “As a result, a series of unresolved arguments about ownership, data, surveillance, competition and security will spill over from the virtual world into the real one.” #IoT #Cyber #5G 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do at the Office 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@RepMikeJohnson @JudiciaryGOP If you are a conservative then you CAN NOT VOTE REPUBLICAN. This is NOT a conservative administration... it is a #TrumpCrimeSpree. 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL's foremost offensive mind. 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag via 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
@CapehartJ it's true: 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@DrJIsrael @_AlvinChristian Ha, and this classic: 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@_Mona_Bella @LoveHasOnly1 @TWITMO_INMATE @RCoonhound @Imaginer77 @hollylandes @Jaynitess @Karina89350882 @DougieFreshii @Queen0fcups @moondoggsikes80 @Me2189251618 @skybluecanoe @BDowell33 @diamondgirl2222 @17thOps @RedPillYourself @Qctopus17 @JonathanFalcons @stickyhammer @LillyShtupp @dabigmamoo @freenaynow @Derf1717 @mgtymoose13 @LisaTuc54460653 @CorneyPile @s96677980 @AwareFrequency @GodHasThisNow @AmeliaG37028892 @TheWantedEmcees @JoannaEngland84 @ms_duckworth @SheSaz @Sambyhere @flipper57942912 @cswany2 @amanda7085 @dreamweaverguru @sweetromance @EverydaySchmoes @piprincess @Determined1776 @PittsburghGal1 @barbaradupree16 @Freedom2713 @PaulyDeathwish @PatriotTrump45 @ShushaLe Gotta love ..... 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 
Source: 
Scary-cat Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Xilinx blamed a “perfect storm” of a slowdown in fifth-generation technology investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei Technologies. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@MaryanneChisho2 @kathy_markovich @lf092313 Babylon Bee is kidding you, yes. It's a parody site: 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. 
Ukraine mention here! via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Zuckerberg Admits He Used Password '12345' To Protect Sensitive User Data 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Can't a sociopathic warmonger write a book and play the #resistance for free advertising on the front page of every newspaper in peace? Is nothing sacred anymore? 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
They will also give you the option to opt-out of it at airports. 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say via 
Congestion pricing is one of the most important policy decisions New York has made in decades and we have to get it right. We need much more transparency and accountability from the planning process than we’re seeing now. 
ICYMI: @intel had a great quarter thanks to #datacenter growth. No surprise with the rise of #cloudcomputing but still good execution. 
A bit of a stretch but yeah, there was some mention of 'Peter' and 'Acts.' 
Wish her well but wasnt her track record at VS mediocre at best? @jeffmacke New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive via 
@USMC_Razorback @jgpetruna @SenFeinstein Wrong. Witnesses are going to happen. :) And THAT is when it all hits the fan. 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions 
Virus Fears Rattle Global Markets. Dow drops 454 points and crude oil slumps as spreading disease spooks investors - @karen_langley #frontpagestoday #USA #TheWallStreetJournal #buyapaper 
Wasn’t Anti-Semitism a Thing of the Past? 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
California Considering Tax On Breathing, figures ⁦@GavinNewsom⁩ 
@DeliliaOMalley @5838Lex “She said the sermon lasted less than a minute. 🍄” @Jim_Bakker @StormyDaniels 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses MERKOWSKI YOU NEED TO GET THE HELL OUT OF THE REPUPLICAN PARTY!! 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via AGREE!! 
Chipmaker Xilinx to Cut About 7% of Workforce 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
@anniepmester why aren't you quoted in this? 
“Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean” ... And somehow this was only the third most evil plan executed that day 
@realDonaldTrump and the swamp continues to grow 
@Jak_Riemer @mchooyah I read The , The Times, and my local paper daily and then a smattering of other stuff. Honestly, I have problems believing you read the Journal daily if you’re touting ridiculous Burisma conspiracy theories that The has debunked a half dozen times. 
@thegoodgodabove Dude. Really? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. via 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Evangelicals explain raw dogging as Sunday School. 
Read and share my op-ed in the @wsjournal today: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - 
After 5 years of declining app rates into US MBA programs, Johns Hopkins is reshaping its curriculum, focusing on health, quant and coding. As data science &amp; analytics become increasingly important to employers, we may see other MBA programs follow suit.. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign This bit on CNN was truly disgusting. The only thing more reviling was #SchiffForBrains commentary about the Trump Impeachment defense. 
@realDonaldTrump Still not ratified by Canada and will come into effect 90 days after last country ratifies. So what are they celebrating. 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
An entry-level Ferrari Portofino will run you nearly $219,000. But you only get one cupholder. via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
John Bolton Asked To Leave Condo Board Meeting After Repeatedly Advocating Bombing Isaacsons 
@SenAlexander The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
😂New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
"Because the CCP cares more about its social control than the well-being of China’s people, a similar situation [to the Spanish Flu] is imaginable today." NB: stability is the #1 priority, not health or disease. 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales via 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Below you will find a rock-solid sermon title, along with the three great sermon points you will need to deliver an A+ message this Sunday. Sermons can be difficult, so we decided to do all the heavy lifting for you: 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
DA DA DAAAA! Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Detroit to remain the capital for the U.S. auto industry? in the age of @autonomousvehicles. via 
@NBCNews Just one more: @NBCNews proves with their article they’re incapable of fair &amp; balanced reporting as they present a hate Trump based view of Trump’s suggested plan WHICH IS CLEARLY AN OPENING TO NEGOTIATIONS. If you want an adult view, read this from . 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects: Deficits will exceed $1 trillion a year for at least 11 years, @USCBO says 
#Behavioural NYC transportation watchers say the MTA is being slow and secretive in setting up a panel to determine tolls for the impending congestion charge on drivers via 
markets: Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
Satire Tweet #2 () "Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination" 
- '1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section :) 
Tips To Improve Your Skiing 
A really lovely and interesting essay from one of my favorite business reporters, not about business. And it makes me so happy to see Louisa now. 
The mediation program is intended to help student-loan borrowers resolve differences with lenders. 
There is some bad chemistry between the CCP and academic freedom 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. [ Slippery slope - #Bitcoin positive ] 
The con is almost over. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings @nuzzel 
End China’s Espionage Now: Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #MAGA ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ #AmericaFirst #Dobbs 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Abrams was sent to ask Putin to drop #Maduro last year, and instead #Russia rallied a coalition of states, including most importantly #India (oil) and #UAE (gold), to circumvent the sanctions on #Venezuela and defeat Trump's effort to replace the regime. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@marknutter @Yair_Rosenberg @Susan_Hennessey The Wall Street journal supports these facts as well 
@TertiusIII @surgerysleeper @Godisgood1836 @malo_j @robster16a @LillyBear @imkimaaron @bradleycgibbs @michellmybell1 @BeccCobain @photoartist9 @JustSayingWhat1 @AltWoodstone @StevenWC_ @LibertyJen @Ponygal923 @zalphaprime @SierraDeciduous @TUnicornelius @StandBackUp2 @PaulDubuisson @rithcheng @DrAshSaleh @AnthonyT2_Mufc @Maccabeus24 @HLebwohl @LiamDan008 @HaircutSpock @atheeism @SlsStudios @Friendof_Darwin @Simple_Shaman @Denbar64 @sariel2005 @DebbieGarratt @Janetb172 @Pro_life_ANCAP @donholtmac @IntelligentCan2 @hugh_bothwell @Sam_DeLoach @commonsensejan @th1rt3en_TM @PeterHa28087897 @heart3626 @Swanswan0307 @11xcea @2Cents69 @nico_manocchio @Mwforhr Not what I said. 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
I'm dead. 
Headline- tiny fraction of patriots among Putin’s Comarades. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Antonio Brown Proves He’s Changed Man By Breaking Into Robert Kraft’s House In Middle Of Night To Apologize 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder via 
@yannispappas @CoachBru Better. 
via McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #MAGA #TRUMP 
Thanks CNN. 
Interesting... #Budweiser beer has been brewed there (#Wuhan) since 1995 ( 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
The is always as truthful as as it is funny. 
The yts talkin “no one” again. I’d be wearing my moms right now if it wasn’t fat guy in a little coat action (she’s 4’10”) 
Miami Hotels Are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV 
SPYWARE SCHMIEWARE!! U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. 
@bad_takes Literally tweeting stories 
Research from 4 American universities concludes that user tracking increases the income from ads by 4%. For 4%, #GAFAM are trampling over the privacy of hundreds of millions of users. Is 4% extra revenue for ad companies worth our democracy &amp; freedom? 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Are you sick and tired of the political fights going on? Have a touch of satire to lighten your mood 🤣 Massive plank appears in #AdamSchiff eye as he accuses #Trump of lying #MondayMood #Trump2020 #KAG2020 #mondaythoughts 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Wow Hillary is psychic! Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Oh, a Professor at Harvard. #MAGA 
Witnesses! 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
New research looked for evidence of hospital quality gains in deals between 2009 and 2013. The study didn’t find it. via 
Breaking News!😫 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
The FAA under Transportation @SecElaineChao is gaining a reputation for acting "improperly" in ways that benefit the big corporations they regulate: 
Regular reminder that unless it's bake sale money from literal banana bread that you sold, virtually everything you touch as students or faculty at either Harvard or MIT will in the end trace back to the Pentagon. 
Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣SUPERB SATIRE! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@TruthJustis4USA @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe Because they really don't care. 
Bosses, Get Out of Your Employees’ Way 
Warren claims Bernie also told her that he hates puppies, beer, Dolly Parton, and that on the day he became president he would outlaw french fries."He told me, people who eat french fries are vermin," she told reporters."Literal vermin." 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
This is what the @DNC is really telling people if they would just take their blinders off &amp; see &amp; listen 2 what Dems have said. They claim Russian, Ukrainian &amp; other excuses 4 losing elections instead of admitting WE don't want THEM! @realDonaldTrump 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . This is the lost touching news I’ve read all day. 
I was wondering what @SarahMackAttack was up to in Hawaii... 
@BreitbartNews Thank you @realdonaldtrump for removing "thou shalt not commit adultery" from the ' 9 commandments" #StableGenius #trump #Impeached #Imprison #trumpCrimeFamily 
A very perceptive observation. Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Apple’s #SupplyChain Strategies Deliver Big Operating Margins. #manufacturing #CEO #logistics #suppiers #investors 
Why isn't this what we, as voters, are talking about and questioning candidates about? 
@AMPFEST_USA He has been impeached. The Senate trial decides whether to remove him from office. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker - This is a whole new level of I dont even know what. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | - Wow! The quintessential “Big Lie!” Unholy, disingenuous, hypocrisy!!! 
It's a disgrace that the federal government is charging Americans for evacuation from Wuhan. 
Satire Tweet #2 () "CNN Figures It Can Soak Tom Steyer For Couple Million By Pretending It Costs Money To Appear In Debate" 
@ThomBTweets Preferable all round 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - Go #Vegan #WuhanVirus 
During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved in the opposite direction. via 
How long before Snopes tries to claim there was violence at the rally! After all words are violence! #GunRightsareHumanRights #GunRightsRally 
Upheaval in Retail World Sets Stage for Texas Foreclosure Battle - 
Well, suddenly the Rogan endorsement makes more sense! 
AOC Gets Into Heated Debate With Siri At Congressional Hearings | 
@kerpen But who also said... 
Architekwiki: Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime TheBabylonBee 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields 
Oh Bee! You are so much fun! 
The chances of the Senate impeachment trial hearing new testimony mounted in the wake of new allegations about Bolton's allegations over Trump’s motivation to freeze aid to Ukraine. (via @wsj) 
@SenTedCruz The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
The #coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close #China’ s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
- They’re thinking maybe the masses will be so enthralled with this circus display they won’t wonder why legit witnesses aren’t testifying. If I were there I’d call for a mistrial due to a lack of transparency. #SundayThoughts 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
#Podcast Tech Podcasts @SebasAHerrera talks to @KateriJochum on why tech leaders are saying they want more rules 1/3 
The State Department is organizing a flight out of virus-hit Wuhan to extricate diplomats and a limited number of private U.S. citizens 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers | 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
US believes Risk of Extensive Coronavirus Infections is Low 
Had many a great time during my journalism days covering SAP conferences in London, Orlando and elsewhere 
New Study Confirms All Your Opinions Are Correct | 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
"@McDonalds Looks to Step Up #Chicken Offerings at #Breakfast," 
Biden's Son, Kerry Family Friend Join Ukrainian Gas Producer's Board - 2014 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
"Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep.” 🤣🤣🤣 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
How come??? This is insane.... 
There is great demand to invest in Bonds early this year. Contact me if you are interested to invest in our Fixed Income UK Bonds which delivers fantastic annual yields while at the same time provides insurance cover on your principal!! 
If Bolton testifies he will find that being cross examined will no be the press event he and his publishers are hoping for. As for Romney, Sen. Loeffler was right to call him out as a turncoat. 
Insanity. Why would anyone vote for Democrats if this is the best they've got? 
They have also agreed to smirk while Native Amerivan Activist, Nathan Phillips, repeatedly bangs a drum a few inches from their face. 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election @cspanwj #Shampeachment 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump I guess this all part of the grand plan to get rid of Social Security, Medicare, etc. That tax cut really worked for them! #TrumpCult 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Lakewood Church Attendees Can Now Check Their Bible At Door | 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to keep rates low and stock market high. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program or continue indirectly buying stocks so Trump can brag. via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
No mind, bring ALL the witnesses... via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Be safe out there, friends There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
The campaign’s promotion of #JoeRogan’s endorsement exposes Sanders’s goal of winning the #DemocraticPrimary &amp; eventually the general election “It’s very unnerving to see a Dem candidate like #Bernie2020 try to court voters from varying constituencies" 
Nadler said we can't trust the nest election because there's no guarantee... Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The Emperor isn’t just naked, The Emperor is the virus. 
best one of the week 
@Vicster1234 @SlowMoneyGreen @SinghJavida @SensCommunPeu @Tokyo_Tom @heisenburgal2o3 @SylD32911201 @HallbertCG @aSinister @wlbeeton @Zabrana1000 @priscian @PeterJrgen12 @Over400ppm @PeterMayfitz @craigthomler @NIMN2019 @DawnTJ90 @ImpeachTraitors @DavidMichaelRi8 @brandondaly2018 @wiaceka @MLeiter42 @the_galt @davidyoung13 @BubbasRanch @TheDisproof @Quantummist @OBundWIE @try2golf @GillesnFio @joshland @REKel48978522 @_InThisTogether @RegimeChangeBC @ShopSmartResist @PullNews @MATTP1949 @Jaisans @david_hanselman @DieterFrikadell @AGWISABIGLIE @neil_ndbress @boggywood @GeorgePembroke @bendynaa @rmack2x @oldaggie84 @Barbarajdurkin @philamina95 Time for a little comedic interlude (Don't mean to imply that Al Gore isn't a joke himself) 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Golden APPLE posts record holiday earnings...: Golden APPLE posts record holiday earnings... (Top headline, 1st story, link) --- Related stories: Highest quarterly revenue -- ever! iPhone sales smash expectations... STOCK SPIKES... TV+ misses... Drudge… 
IF regulators truly wanted to reduce latency arbitrage, the solution is simple: Mandate ALL exchanges (Lit, Dark, Futures, Options, etc) to one geographic area / co-lo. That would eliminate the speed advantage. #HFT #Latency #wsj 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
🤣😂 Love Babylonbee 
The gospel of...???? 
@marklevinshow "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, or anything like that." 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | . Being a Socialist, she should invest a little more time learning about its origin ant it’s historical figures. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses I don't understand why some GOP senators want to see more witnesses for this bullshit impeachment. The Dems want to prolong this hoax, but we all know how this is going to end! 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
@Lizzie_Felty13 @RyanRadke316 I saw this article shortly after I saw this tweet. Check it out! 
the alt-right's founder, Bob Altright. 
[post] ETFs were a true financial innovation. You can now add target-date funds to that list. image: 
Affordable housing for me, not for thee 
Ha ha ha “Many political commentators quickly condemned her remarks but have since turned up dead.” 
Hahaha, gotta love the Babylon Bee Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Democrats Call For Flags To Be Flown At Half-Mast To Grieve Death Of Soleimani 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
#TooBigToFail -&gt; The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
@BrandonBeckham_ @Brett_Ranger @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump You can't even make this stuff up. This is what televangelist like Jim Bakker are telling their flocks. Can't decide if it's the funniest thing I've heard all week or the most disappointing. 
UK's decision to allow Huawei to build noncritical elements of its 5G network is a reminder of the administration's isolation on this &amp; other issues. The move is a setback for Washington &amp; could impact upcoming decisions in Germany &amp; India. via 
So snarky. So true. 
The IPO of mattress company Casper will be a test of how much Wall Street’s appetite for money-losing startups has changed after Uber and WeWork. via 
@justiceseeker03 @granny_1967 @Wipapa5 @WolffieWolf @MarciaConrady @SueBanski @Trutexan1 @amyllamere @jaydenj_j Is that what Trump calls it, his “Gospel”? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
OMG!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
20 years ago this week from : "Area Man Consults Internet Whenever Possible" 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable....well there ya’ go 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
E-commerce company eBay’s net revenue fell 2% from a year ago, the first year-over-year quarterly decline since eBay spun out PayPal Holdings in 2015 via 
"South Jersey Republicans will have their say in the June 2 primary. This race represents a fundamental divide of the times—a conservative versus a liberal, the people versus the powerful. This seat doesn’t belong to Mr. Van Drew; it’s the people’s seat." 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Imagine a futuristic universe that appears to function fine w/o anyone introducing their “they/them” pronouns, express outrage at being misgendered, or yell, “Stunning and Brave!” every time an LGBTQ character enters a room😂🤣 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
U.S. Government Bonds Extend Rally on Coronavirus Concerns: 
🤣🤣Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
The House approved articles of impeachment against President Trump on December 18, 2019, then sent those articles to the Senate for a formal trial, a process that has involved a whirlwind of figures from Congress, the legal world, and Trump’s orbit. 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses - 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
The Boeing 747 Turns 50 
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - bummer for you me. Turtle. Bum mer 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
High brow satire that is so subtle it appears low brow. Too subtle. I was disappointed the first time I read it because it was just mean. This is meant to poke fun at those who make fun of AOC, but that’s not how most people will interpret this. 
@BigEasyTiger @kakarotprime69 @Timcast Nearly all of the democrat witnesses had no information relative to "Trump's impeachable acts"! Only one had first hand information, and he said no quid pro quo! 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Satire Tweet #2 () "Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child" 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
For First Time, J&amp;J CEO Testifies in a Talcum-Powder Court Case #tuckcc 
Omg this is hilarious, honestly if you need a laugh and a break from all this ...read the article...this would have required that believers drink more than just kool-aid ! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
#killary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day to Early? #ClintonBodyCount More ...⬇ 
@senateGOP these guys could do as good as you are doing. But God gave you a brain to discern right from wrong. Good judgement to tell good from bad. And you decide to just be worse than a bunch of monkeys! So sad! Fulfill your #oath to the #constitution! 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Greatest economy ever 3M Cuts More Jobs as U.S. Demand Falls 
I always knew White Folks couldn't dance... now I find out They can't Clap! 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - 
@arpitrage @conlon_chris Griping about the law school exams reminds me this 
Unreal. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks Poor babies. 
@nytimes @RFI_TradCn Chinese Conglomerate’s Debt Crisis Deepens; Bonds Plunge China Minsheng Investment Group’s looming default marks one of the biggest Chinese defaults on a U.S. dollar bond this year 2019.7.20 
NEW: Senate GOP leaders told their conference in a closed-door meeting that they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial, people familiar with the matter said. by @lindsaywise 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@Alfa_Bootis : How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The new Outback includes tech that allows you to catch up on texts and calls at stop lights. Auto columnist Dan Neil takes this city-slick Subaru for a spin. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
I hope he goes away for life. This is the crap that goes on at alt-Left "institutions of higher learning". More like "institutions of treason". Charles Lieber allegedly lied to DoD &amp; National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
“I read a couple of Anita Brookner’s novels this fall. Though 'Hotel du Lac' won her the Booker Prize in 1984, I loved 'Look at Me' just as much for its look at how glamour and other people’s lives fascinate us,” writes @laneflorsheim. 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: A Fed Critic Takes Aim at Central Bank’s Rate-Control Tools, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This is why we need an “effective competition” standard &amp; a major update to antitrust law for the first time in 106 YEARS. In Congress, I’ll be a vocal leader on antitrust to protect our farmers, workers, &amp; small businesses. #NY24 
😁😁😁 GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Major changes are coming to New York City’s private trash-hauling scene, and Louis “Gino” Fava, who runs his own trash-collection business, needs to be ready 
Looking back on a HOF career 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
While @SpeakerPelosi and @SenSchumer tear apart the United States Constitution with their impeachment sham, @realDonaldTrump is working toward peace in the Middle East. So proud of our President and grateful for his leadership at home and abroad. #gapol 
Seems about right for Trump-era water regulations: "President Donald Trump announced Thursday he was lifting protections enacted by the Obama administration to entomb Gangthor the Malevolent in a murky trench deep below the Pacific Ocean." 
@LumpyLouish He has a legacy? Only legacy thing you can have to him is the Trans Am. 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Well, THAT certainly clears things up... 
.@HillaryClinton accidentally posts condolences for @TulsiGabbard one day early... 
Is this the “modus operandi” dnc will use to take out ⁦@BernieSanders⁩ ? Democrats’ Iowa Caucus Voting App Stirs Security Concerns - 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Praise Be: McConnell says Republicans don’t have the votes to block witnesses-Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
U.K. allows Huawei to build parts of 5G network 
Hate Crime Hoaxes Are More Common Than You Think 
“What’s the point of going $30,000 in debt if my starting annual salary out of college is only going to be $60,000 per year?” said local 24-year-old Alex Michaelson, who, despite aspiring to be a high-powered CEO, simply has a steady position as an... 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via And this is why stunts aren't a strategy 
Maybe American voters WILL get to hear from witnesses. KEEP CALLING! They work for us. #WitnessesAndDocuments #ImpeachmentTrial 
DOJ charged University of Kansas professor Franklin Feng Tao with defrauding U.S. by failing to disclose he had allegedly taken a position at a Chinese university while continuing to receive U.S. grant money. via 
What family heirlooms were passed down to you? 
In trying to paint Mitch McConnell as evil, they are inadvertently portraying him as an evil genius. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
@realDonaldTrump Nervous, Donny Johnny? "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@PramilaJayapal @BernieSanders Socialism for the 99% bad. Socialism for the 1% good. 
Kaiser Permanente Bets on Smartwatches to Lower Costs @cardskrish @ajaysmd @medtmaddox @movinganalytics via 
@IlhanMN Yeah right... 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses What happened to "Dead on arrival," you lying piece of crap. McConnell, you and Romney both need to make it formal and switch parties. You're both Democrats !! 
Vale said it couldn’t have known the dam was at risk. But it knew. It had even calculated how much it would have to pay in compensation. 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
#Equifax, Norsk Hydro Executives Describe Chaos After Attacks. () #Data #Breach #DataBreach 
Yeah right! How delusional is this guy??? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@ChuckMindenhall Can you please explain to me how a league like the WNBA, can come to the bargaining table and get significant upgrades to their deal, and a league like the UFC are not even 1 inch closer to doing the same? @shaunalshatti 
Everyone knows the democrats don't have an electable candidate. It is easy to see who is un-electable but no one knows what an electable candidate looks like.....there certainly are none in the Democrat party that is electable. 
Pros And Cons Of Economic Sanctions 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray vía 
@FriendlyJMC is a satire site. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 🤣🤣🤣 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
Good. Now let's see if the GOP has found their collective spine...GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
Just For GERTA Dumberg 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
International collaboration is essential to much research. But appropriate transparency and disclosure can be critical. Scientists are often unaware of legal issues. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Academia's being co-opted by Chinese govt is one of the worst kept secrets ever. This is just tip of iceberg? Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
@MrBiv @ChrisMartineau1 @charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump Trumps disdain for Ukraine wasn't reported much, but it started early in his Presidency. Trump has repeatedly described Ukraine as “totally corrupt” and full of “terrible people,” administration officials say. via 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Starbucks Closes Half of China Stores Amid Coronavirus Outbreak 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Stop this crazy impeachment and read this: 
Whiner and Cryer over Neo Con disputes...........holy mackeral 
Taxi Driver Just Taking His Time As If Man Not Late For Color Me Mine Pottery Party 
@BenCox83 like this? 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
» Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
@notdred Grabbing my pitcher of Kool-Aid from the fridge... 
@kitkatmom_md @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
Just as Goldilocks takes a spoonful of porridge and finds that it is “just right,” so a small child can relax into the experience of being read a picture book. via 
Yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president is a debacle. 
Work to impeach instead of poison -THC in family @cumberlandlucia @Justine4RI @RIDemParty SF NYC AOC IA NH D.C. @sfchronicle @spinranker @HoneyJ2u2 @JinaDavidson6 @tommypopeSC #sc47 @Democrat_David @CBlazejewski @RepAllenTX131 
This Is Not Good. #DeepState Has Scared RINOS Under Thumb @realDonaldTrump @JaySekulow @cecki @tbrown83096079 @RitaScrivner @TeriLentz1 @phoneladyctt @mickelodoole @Zorea3 @DmTrump45 @sassyliltwitr @BlueBonnet_TR @pegalomania #KAG #ImpeachmentTrials #Trump 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Energy Stocks Diverge From Oil Prices 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via 
@Veritas_2016 @Theodora500AD @wispylashes @Roadeyez @bearguy51p @OldBabyDave No problem 
@a_riggs6 @shrekthepunk @Kat80650657 @jdd2169 @PATRIQT_1776 @Michael16862235 @808constituent @BigFurryNemo @SONADORLIVESON @ethanrafael7 @9CatGhosts @Impeachedforty5 @Thumper5465 @QuareFellas @lou_bruette @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @aorgat @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 Shhh 🤫 CheckMate Lol 😂 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via Report this jack wagon!! 
FFS! Do the Organized Religion sheeple actually believe this garbage. FCS, this planet is doomed!!! 🤯 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@Splatypus76 @Zac_Petkanas Reminds me of this: 
#NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the alliance’s mission in #Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for them to do more in the Middle East. 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
For those dying to short 30s. consider this (no pos) Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields Yield caps would be a cousin to quantitative easing From &lt; 
Investors are waiting for more information before evaluating the potential economic damage from the coronavirus’s spread 
Trump will remembered for making his life impossible by cutting aid to a variety of arts programs. 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. 
So , Gospel is the Evangelical word for semen? It gives an entirely new meaning to the expression "spreading gospel". 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
@DonaldJTrumpJr The #FakeNews #msm has been airing FREE ADS for anyone on the left for years. It’s about time they threw one our way. #CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Liz and Bernie's Estates Sale 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 💙READ AND WEEP! And, DEMOCRATS will have to take this down!! 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@caulfieldj600 @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Here is the truth!!!! 
Almost half of the $1.5 billion in Venezuelan crude exported to India in the nine months after U.S. sanctions was purchased by an Indian joint venture with Russia’s oil giant, Rosneft, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Good News 
@TheNortelGeek @MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump It was Clinton that caused the collapse. Bush had nothing to do with it. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! Bwah hahahaha hahaha! 
What do we want? Sling control When do we want it? Now! 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
If accurate, this is ridiculous...did they listen to Pres defense team? Do they realize what they are doing? @GOP @senatemajldr GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
This 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now #GretaThunberg #Davos 
Wall Street by the Charts: Fund managers have been stung by commodities lately 
Schiff warned if Trump is not impeached, American people may have chance to tamper w/ the next election."When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not agree with."😂👍 
Who saw this coming? BuzzFeed News Chief to Join New York Times as Media Columnist - h/t ⁦@GeraldoRenata⁩ 
”Instead of suppressing his emotions about major issues in his life, he cries at sad commercials.” 
This Admin sucks. 
Leadership @akk regarding the role of Germany and @cdu: „We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.” 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter 
“American partners have real doubts about American commitment to the core principles of an alliance”. The US is done being uncle patsy , if the other members shirk their duty ! 
😁 "Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end and inform you who is moral and who is not" 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Now we know about another short seller 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
CNN should have paid the Bee for taking them: 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For #TrumpFearsBernie Campaign worst journalist of the year Don Lemon 
Virus Sparks Soul-searching Over China Wild Animal Trade 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via 
Imagine not buying bitcoin lol 
Jim Bakker says ~" Trump was merely scheduling private time with the woman in a hotel suite in order to share with her the good news of Jesus Christ, as he had become acquainted with her and was very concerned that she was not a Christian" 🤣🤣 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
FINALLY!! @CNN now is recognized for what it really is: In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - h 
In the face of overwhelming evidence of repeated wrongdoing, the slavish defence of Trumpf by his disciples, has now risen to a new level of absurdity: 
The Paper of Record gets the scoop again! 
Experts Warn We Have Only 12 Years Left Until They Change The Timeline On Global Warming Again 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Bibi is in Washington D.C.4 republican president Donald John Trump middle East peace plan Isreal is 72 years old also in Middle East I follow elections in Isreal &amp; Iran The 2 countries are not Arabs in Middle East Iran a few centries Isreal 72 years &amp; USA 
#WR: The U.K. government’s decision will not affect its relationships with the U.S. And this opening is the best marketing to Huawei in its effort to invade all the world with its equipment and technology. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale— How to Impoverish the American Nation 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - #GoogleAlerts 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
What kind of BS is this? He was sharing something but it was NOT the gospel Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@HillaryClinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For @TulsiGabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@AlanDersh I found this article from the in 1999 that explains the phrase “high crimes and misdemeanors” by Gary L. McDowell. This contradicts your argument doesn’t it? 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via 
Risk of new Coronavirus infections in the US is low 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
... and he hates babies. 
Fascinating information here. To learn more about the history of Health Nucleus and Human Longevity, Inc. check out this review of my book IMMORTALITY,INC. for the Wall St. Journal. #immortalityinc #chipwalter #wallstjournal 
The major media networks have still not picked up the fact that #cruise lines like Celebrity, HAL and Seabourn are playing Russian roulette with the lives of guests &amp; crew members by refusing to cancel or refund cruises to China . . . #coronavirus #China 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
’s 2020 Grammy Predictions #joke #comedy 
“Big banks in the U.S. face looser restrictions on investing their own money in venture capital funds under the latest plan to ease the Volcker rule’s limits on speculative trading, according to people familiar with the matter.” 
Because of #Democrats' #Russiagate fraud &amp; ongoing anti-Russia ColdWar propaganda, the risk of nuclear war/annihilation has never been greater #Ukrainegate/#Impeachment is about Putin coming to get us #Schiff is more than ridiculously repugnant 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Some more here from @wsj about outperformance of #REITs &amp; other "bond proxies" in today's low-rate world. Would note this isn't a short-term thing tho. #SafeMoney strategies focused on higher-yield, lower-volatility sectors have trounced $SPX for 2 years 
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Solved by batch trades. 
: 6b3a36ad-0de0-475f-bd3f-69a4b8ebcfb8 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
BREAKING -- @senatemajldr doesn’t have the @GOP votes to block demands for witnesses. 
Venezuela: The U.S. has warned officials in Russia, Turkey, the U.A.E. and India about sanctions violations in private meetings, U.S. officials said, but hasn’t moved to blacklist companies or individuals suspected of breaking the sanctions. via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #CNN 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
@mkraju We've been rceiving conflicting information... 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
@brocanteuse @Adrian4Bernie @johncusack Yes, let's continue to look a gift horse in the mouth. Brilliant. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Who would they have to offer? 
Hmmm...these people are lunatics. We need to be saved from these people. Oh. My. God. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
❤️YES❤️🇺🇸Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
@ChloeSalsameda @OANN Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@airTTU @EmmaVigeland In case you missed this one, which @EmmaVigeland posted recently: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
"You're fired!" 
@manyapan Dunno ... I'm under the impression that sex education is poor in China and many people don't know how to properly use contraceptives. But maybe I'm wrong. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Private-equity firm TPG and its $33 billion credit-investing arm are in talks to part ways, with each going it alone in the increasingly competitive world of private investing. 
Lobbying against his own law. Sad. “Former Sen. Christopher Dodd, a namesake of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, has said venture-capital funds weren’t intended to be caught up in the Volcker restrictions.” 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Dershowitz calls "abuse of power" campaign rhetoric 
Is that what they're calling it now. Like a baptism in pee! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
McConnell must've learned to count by rearranging the deck chairs on the SS Trumpanic.#SenateCoverup #ImpeachmentTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments #RepublicansAreDestroyingAmerica 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
@Franklin_Graham @March_for_Life Hey Franklin, is this how you spread the gospel. sounds like fun. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 🤔😂😂😂 Lethality ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@nytimes⁩ ⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ @RepAdamSchiff⁩ #HouseManagers 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' Lefties-Babylon Bee is satire! My fav line: “Many political commentators quickly condemned her remarks but have since turned up dead.” 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirus 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
What happens when you get drafted out of high school?? You don't get an education. Make outlandish statements &amp; sound like an illiterate moron. #ThingsMoronsSay LeBron James Says Rosa Parks's Bus Protest 'Could Have Waited A Week' 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
"Procter &amp; Gamble has built a database of more than a billion consumers, or roughly half of all adults online." Personalized advertising "may improve how trillions in goods are sold, and restructure Big Tech through markets rather than regulators." 
LOL, enjoy! 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@ReaperKat @kathy_markovich @SueGlashauser It's a parody site: 
'The View' Audience Applauds Hitler After Revelation He Never Voted For Trump | 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
And this is a change? 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
: 762ea741-2bb0-470d-a5bf-9fc033b01dcb 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Viva ⁦@IsraeliPM⁩ Plan for Mideast Peace 
San Jose wants a new #Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via #Traffic #AffordableHousing #GoogleKnowsWayToSanJose 
Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus": GOP senators say the push for impeachment is hurting Biden's 2020 presidential bid 
With 36 hours of arguments on the Senate floor behind us, a break down of what Democrats argued and how the White House rebutted those points: 
Corporate espionage? Treason? Or just negligence? 
: 5fadf5d1-7feb-413f-be7b-bf91491285aa 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@ElliAdventurer @AamorphousA @thabigQ @mehdirhasan Clinton leveled those same accusations against Obama, also called his supporters sexist tagged Obama Boys, and also brought the birther movement into the mainstream back in 2008. Putin literally said he wanted Obama even in his re-election bid. 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at impeachment trial 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
History repeats it's self 
is expanding its warehouse operations in Staten Island as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to its New York-area consumers. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Sometimes satire speaks greater truth than anything in the national press. In this case, got it right. Bolton would have our soldiers fighting in the Middle East for generations to come. 
I knew it was too perfect! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The #coronavirus is exposing #Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home #WhatDoYouThink? 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
Well, to be fair (and not to be crass), he did probably say “oh God, oh God” while he was sharing...the gospel. 😂 ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Louis Vuitton’s Dip Doesn’t Herald End of Luxury Boom - The Wall Street Journal 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Charles Lieber, the chair of Harvard's chemistry department, allegedly lied to the Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
5 Things To Know About Prince Harry And Meghan Markle’s Split From The Royal Family 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Congratulations @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr @GOP @GOPChairwoman @housegop @SenateGOP U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
" Republican voters have the right to choose which candidate should represent our party. Even if Mr. Van Drew’s switch is sincere, he is the most liberal member of the Republican caucus." 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Tips For Making The Most Of Your Next Doctor’s Visit #MedFunnies 
: Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch going twice... 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Haha! If only. 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron #MAGA #TRUMP 
Apple has added more than a Facebook in value over the past year. I guess you could call that a network effect. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Fuck me sideways, are they serious with this shit??? 
Wealth Adviser Briefing: Ultrafast Trading Woes, Tech Regulation Plea, Fleeing High-Tax States via GoogleNews 
With search success in mind, fashion brands are picking increasingly complex names 
Number 5! I reeeaally need to know. 
A good idea for #Australia ? Anyone? #AustraliaBurning #AustralianBushfire #AustraliaFires 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness 
...unless you chuck a Hayabusa engine in it 
Fitting, considering the clowns of the democrat party.. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' #Bernie #BernieOrBust 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Umm you mean like not voting for your corrupt party? 
@SenatorLankford let him and mulvaney along with nunez all give insight under oath. care to exlain why these guys disagree? 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Romney is a Rino. Might as well switch parties. 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak 
High property taxes combined with limited deductibility is driving some interesting decisions. #propertytax #tax #taxpayer #taxpayers 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. - an unspeakable tragedy 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
: cdc59bef-a8ba-43b9-802c-f55788082453 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
This may be too good to be true but I am cautiously hopeful! 
The Wall Steet Journal excels at these slice of life stories. 
Incredible discovery! —&gt; Ancient Race Of Skeleton People 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Globalist Nancy Plosive is a useless drunkard. She is attempting a deep state coup of president Trump. This is treason, she must be held accountable. 
Joel Osteen Releases Pop-Up Theology Book 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
As Chinese Adoptees Return Home, a New Genre Tells Their Tales via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@SenatorBurr The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
@DennisOltorik @LancasterSkip @Willie700WLW Rightwingnut stuff like this. 
The new California labor law AB5 is causing trouble far and wide. via 
"Fed’s new tune on policy is giving investors something akin to perfect knowledge of what rates will be in the future, allowing them to take on more risk." #PerfectKnowledge 🤦‍♂️ 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Deutsche Bank Senior European Equities Banker Edward Sankey to Leave 
Congrats to Anaïs Mitchell and Jason Collier for Grammy wins last night. Here are the songs they had in heavy rotation while working on the projects that won them their statues. 
Chair of @Harvard chemistry department arrested for lying about working for #XiJinping #ThousandTalents in #Wuhan 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Mayor Pete and the Purdue Charter via . Come on Mayor Pete. Distinguish yourself from the field. 
Which reminds me of.. 
For First Time, J&amp;J CEO Testifies in a Talcum-Powder Court Case 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service | 
Tool from startup Pearl Inc. shows insurers whether the same X-ray was used for more than one patient and whether a procedure was necessary #dental #fraud #insurance 
@vegasseanbond But wait! There's more! 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data: "You’re still too low level for flight following at this time.” via 
@AndyOstroy @BillTzamaras I really enjoyed this satire. Good job 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws. #Regulation #ePresence #ePublicist 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial The only joy that we get from this is in knowing that the Senators have to sit, watch, and listen as they are bored to the brink of death. 
‘Avocado Hand’ Is really a thing. And the Super Bowl will bring it on. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs via #2 - Poor customer service &amp; a CEO focused on profits b4 safety and passengers-that is why I don't fly @American any longer. 
Google and Amazon using their sheer monopoly to hurt smaller speaker company Sonos is yet another example of the consequences of tech being too big. I’d like @janschakowsky to take a closer look. 
LATEST -- #McConnell Says #GOP Does NOT Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses "Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting" #WitnessesAndDocuments #BoltonTestify #JohnBoltonMustTestify #MitchMcConnell #ImpeachmentTrial 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV Room rates around Miami soaring to record highs for host city, as hotels in the Keys benefit, too, # article 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
Evangelicals cant understand why so many are abandoning church. IT IS BECAUSE OF MONEY-GRUBBING, BULLSHIT ARTIST LIKE THIS LYING FALSE PROPHET 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
And the truth shall set you free 
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Once again... reporting the facts, not writing satire: 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus - #GoogleAlerts 
A sharp selloff shocked the market amongst fears that a viral outbreak in China will affect world economic growth. #coronavirus #WallStreet Don't forget to purchase tickets for the Fletcher Political Risk Conference on 2/28 via our profile's pinned link. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
I wondered about this 
#BabyBoomers: irresponsible as fuck. They ignore the fact that other generations will be stuck with the bills they leave behind. #okboomer #worstgenerationever #weareBroke The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
😂😂😂 Thanks don 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat . LOL! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Terrific article on "Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail" - AI should be managed as a cross-functional collaboration that brings together: via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Book Review: Joseph Epstein on “Elderhood” by Louise Aronson. "Elderhood" sounds a lot like "Being Mortal" by @atul_gawande 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
I demand a retraction ! Anyone who knows @NYTimestravel knows that it's "36 Hours" in Marrakech. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
#Breaking Likelihood of the Senate voting to call more #witnesses in the #impeachmenttrial appeared to mount as some #Republican senators said new allegations about #Trump’s motivation for freezing aid to #Ukraine bolstered case for further testimony: 
Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan - 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@TimNissen1 @JewelsJourneys Actually, he was pretty pro-business and fiscally conservative as mayor of Burlington. He talks a good game, but his record is that of a not-terribly-effective old white dude. He didn't deliver progressively once in office. 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
On the latest podcast, @The_Kyle_Mann and @AXECOP welcome McGill Alexander, a former South African Army officer to talk about what it means to love your enemies as Jesus taught us. LISTEN: 
@andsoitis825 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters via 
Business-software maker SAP raised its earnings outlook as strong growth in cloud-based software drove a 22% increase in fourth-quarter profit, beating analysts’ estimates. 
God Admits Humans Not Most Impressive Creation 
And btw - India is also being outperformed by its poorer south asian neighbours on social development. Ooops. 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
Let’s keep it that way... 
‼️ “at a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called” #witnesses 
Harvard's chemistry chair allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Can ANYONE be this gullible??? 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Wow @JesseKellyDC is very forward thinking Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Complain About It 
A bunch of TikTok users are reacting to impeachment news. One girl literally took a false claim from Snopes, cropped the "false" rating out of it, and shared it with tens of thousands of people. TikTok took the video down after inquired about it. 
This but unironically. 😂 
@yankeepirate247 @KKatMiss @donnnie @CunningMarshal @TheTemmaTheHun @Grandma_Boom @TrumpSugar @laylow88861429 @Turk187187 @PwrCane1 @GOPCrimeFamiIy @JimHaf @BobC7000 @BigTev300 @alshadowdancer @DectiveSamSpade @calijeff1 @annableigh @LibertyBella9 @SpaceForceBravo @dennismm59 @dbongino @DigiVorr @Bennus_H @gorillastyle @OriginalQ10 @shinobi_tony @TourguideJ @PersevereEver @yancey_todd @ShlomoIndiana @Wrong_way_down @JaysonFloyd @Politinfo @Apritions @JoeKidd1992 @HouseOfJames2 @loramckenna5 @BrooklynPrivat1 @Goathead19 @AbrahamAlyzah @ReaperGrim18 @Alawnguy @OurTrilLife @2tall2fall4it @SBDSoultrain @annsmith1955 @Sahara_Stevens @robert_sicario @Im_Effin_Dunn But they could try🤣 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@TonesHyus @EsotericCD Yes.... and here is a Wall Street Journal report. If you are a conservative, then you will vote for Democrats in 2020. 
This should prove to everyone how much religionists NEED to fool themselves in order to keep their faith. So much for standing for truth and all that... Religion really MUST be the 'opiate of the masses'...because this eejit sounds like he's HIGH!! 🤣 
San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
HA HA HA.... HEH In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
[SNOWFLAKE ALERT: SATIRE] (Snowflakes and Sheeple should not read satirical posts. Possible danger of heads exploding, paradigms collapsing, tears dehydrating bedwetting crybabies.) CNN PURCHASED FOR ITS BULLSHIT CONTENT! 
U.K. Allows #Huawei to Build Parts of #5G Network 
We'll see, not holding my breath. 
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs - #1 - Article suggests customers have left AA and SWA for Delta and others because of the lack of the flying MAX8. Utter nonsense. 
"Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep," said one Philistine woman with pink hair and several face piercings.| 
"First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Rings" 
Wall Street Journal Reports the news about election of country of Isreal in Middle East 2 canadates met with Republican president Trump in the White House since1/1/2017 B4 President Barak Hosien Obama+ Jo Biden+ families living there 8 years, 2(4) in D.C. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@littlebee88 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses This situation is really simple. The House voted for impeachment based on the evidence at hand. They cannot expect the Senate to look for new evidence at this point. This whole thing is bogus. 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
the fact that the is really at this level too suggests how much of a wasteland political comedy is in Trump era 
How do you spell desperation for ratings and funding? Hang onto the coat tails of one of the more successful news outlets right??? Parasitic.... CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
I have to wonder: If 5G brings work to your home, what will happen to the traditional office? #BCSTT 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers 
But how's the N95 mask division? 
BULLSHIT!! I’ve had my eye on a new coyote bomber for months!! “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Is it still satire if it's probably true? #BoltonBombshell 
On Tuesday after the White House lawyers wrapped their opening arguments, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial... 
Total truth here. Family In Minivan Breaks World Land Speed Record In Attempt To Get To Church On Time 
“We have already seen far too many senseless deaths as a result of this outbreak, so I vow here and now that those official death toll numbers will remain unchanged.” 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN ... 
Is that what the kids are calling it these days? “Sharing the Gospel”? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@reidfam99 @KSLcom Wrong. Voter suppression is a myth. 
A banker at a Portuguese bank apparently hanged himself after Angola prosecutors named him as a suspect in a probe of alleged money laundering via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Seriously who voted this dipstick into office? Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
"The millennial can be kept comfortable in the basement while the mother decides if she wants to keep them. But that's between her and her doctor." "Her basement, her choice," he added. 
The Democratic leader doesn’t want witnesses any more than Republicans do—certainly not if one is Hunter Biden. What he wants is for Republicans to do the dirty work of voting down witnesses so he can shout coverup from here to November. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; that's the problem too many uncompasonate, don't give a crap medicial personal!? What patient wants to pay a jerk 
.@bysarahkrouse and I wrote about these companies last year and described them as “elusive”. Will these civil restraining orders be enough to stick and really make a dent in robocalls? Still no criminal cases 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
EBay Profit Declines Amid Strategic Review 
#socool .. was slated for closure .. GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor He belongs on 'The Walking Dead'..not in Congress. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
#Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During #Impeachment Trial #Satire 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity 
Poll Finds Most People Would Rather Be Annihilated By Giant Tidal Wave Than Continue To Be Lectured By Climate Change Activists | 
Can't trust them. Have to keep the pressure on the GOP. #WitnessesAndDocuments GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
I was arguing with someone over SBMM in Apex and he unironically linked this post from the to back up his argument. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
: 77862d10-3a43-4d17-b424-7073b0252338 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Taylor Swift Releases New Song 'I Kissed A Girl And You'll Like It Or Else You're A Disgusting Bigot' 
"I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance | ...I love Babylon Bee 
@JJDemonic @LissaMarie630 @verycosmic @GlutenAF We are on the same side. I'm just a person, who is stressed out and frantic too. I have deleted and will leave the work of the campaign to the campaigners. I saw this article, and the app it describes has a back-end vulnerability 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign #Election2020 #Trump2020 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
All Democratic hopefuls would increase Taxes Stifle Growth Make your life Harder Economy will return to days of Ex President Zero and worse Worse of All are Sanders and Warren Economic Nightmare The Tax Increases to Come 
I needed a break! Laughing at the sadness 
ANYONE THAT BUYS THIS BULLSH#T IS GOTTA BE AS STUPID AS TRUMP🤣🤣🤣! 
Does Mitch McConnell really belong in hell? 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings #MAGA #TRUMP 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@JulianNoel666 @CNN @washingtonpost @nytimes Yes I have watched it and couple of more similar to this. I think this article by must be nominated as #ArticleOf2019 
You're a goddam lie!! 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance - a comprehensive insightful look at today in history by ⁦@rebeccaballhaus⁩ &amp; ⁦@siobhanehughes⁩ 
This is a Trump supporting, fraud-convicted televangelist spreading baloney so thick only the mentally defective would believe it. #MakeAmericaStupid 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
@CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch #FoxNews And Yell At It #DearDiary 
1-28-20 McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - The Wall Street Journal 
This is a story so you'll need access, but read it and then dance! "A new study shows that chimps can move to a musical beat, suggesting that primates have danced for millions of years" #music 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
President Trump planned to unveil his vision of peace in the Middle East at the White House with Israel’s prime minister at his side but without the Palestinians in attendance 
honestly what the fuck???????? 
#KobeBryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career - #MONETCAPITALFUNDING 
: Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Billie Eilish, Lizzo Win Big At 62nd Annual Grammys 
Chip &amp; Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall #maga #buildthewall @magnolia @thebabylonbee 
#Europe to Avoid Triggering Sanctions if #Iran Limits Expansion of Nuclear Work: 
@LukeBraunNFL I hate to be cynical… but AB is a scary looking black man: 
This is clearly false. Bolten said he would testify for a handful of magic beans... John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
@Susieque817 @wchowton @N1ckSandmann Gosh darn media always reporting stuff! Burn the books and cameras! Pro life until birth, then let them suffer eternally through the virtually non-navigable US healthcare system (unless your well to do). 
: b3701317-9be9-4ac2-8d2b-fcdbb872c6bf 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Please God, tell me this is a parody article. But I am ROFLMAO. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via @huawei @UK #UK #5g #wireless #mobile #cellular #wirelessdata 
Apparently trump calls his mushroom-shaped micro-penis “The Gospel.” 
The president's defense was adequate, but absent Pam Bondi's presentation, they never explained why the Bidens justified the president's actions. Hence the collapse among GOP fence sitters on calling witnesses. I predicted it and now it is coming true! 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Was Jeff Bezos' phone hacked? Did the Saudis do it? How is it related to his divorce, if at all? Listen to @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf discuss what we know and don't know about this story. 
USD #LIBOR alternative #SOFR, grows in derivatives markets via The Wall Street Journal ($) &lt; Silent on growth in cash markets (loans, etc.) 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
@KimStrassel via @BreitbartNews Congratulations to make America will save him. They call him into our agricultural product into office on their exports to make we 
“I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” (Long live ⁦⁩.) 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
Xi claims himself as ‘god’, he doesn’t want anything unpredictable to happen because he knows he can’t control or fix anything. He can force people to denounce their religion or describe himself as Jesus, but the truth is he is just another pathetic loser 
@alandrummond2 @Docs4GunControl Sure. 
So amazed that the Texas Medical Center Orchestra has become so big! I was a violinist in it as a 3rd &amp; 4th year med student when it first started. Best memory was having former First Lady Barbara Bush narrate as we performed “Carnival of the Animals.” 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Raleigh News Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Trump Set to Release Middle East Peace Plan - 
McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop witnesses. MT The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
“China is becoming more discriminating about what they want to get,” said John Demers, who runs the Justice Department’s national-security division. “Intelligence officers are increasingly getting tasked with getting missing pieces of research. 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Breaking news GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@JamalCreates @Blake_excel @Leaux504 Sis, Europe had bathing since before Rome, and today they are the healthiest least diseased people on Earth while America is ridden with obesity, disease, and literally has some of the dirtiest most feces ridden cities in the world. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | Fuck you Jim bakker your a thief you stole from your rapped Jessica Hahn,you chase naked men around the locker room.Than prison,you low life freak 
Electronic trading platform #MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find: #ESG #bonds #GreenBonds #trading $MKTX 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN If you can't beat 'em, buy 'em. 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters #digitalhealth 
@MSKimball20 @seanhannity #LetLevSpeak Dating back to 2015, the private Instagram account of Lev Parnas, a Ukrainian-American indicted for illegal campaign donations, appears to show VIP access to President Trump and a close relationship with Rudy Giuliani. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
The Grubers in the hinterland can't be trusted to make the correct decision. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@UnsatiatedBlood This is what we need eachother for. 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians by on Politics, shared by to 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
“We were barely able to save her in time from her being so stupid,” said a police officer at the scene, “but maybe we shouldn’t have saved her because she’s a socialist trying to ruin the country. And she is dumb.” 😂🤣😇😂🤣😇😂 👇 
#Sepsis is killing 1 in 5 people globally each year. @McCormickJohn at ProAI features @ClevelandClinic using Jvion's #AI to go "beyond predictions to make treatment recommendations" for at-risk sepsis patients. Read more: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale 
Just unsealed 👀 
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East 
The ‘Corrupt Purposes’ Impeachment - 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors via #latency #arbitrage 
@jaymarriotti @michael_loomer @bacchaus351 @FlyStatement @S_a_r_a_h_____ @Thomas1774Paine @FluffsterP @realDonaldTrump @DilleyShow California's Top 1% pays almost half of the State's income tax. Wealthy &amp; businesses are leaving. The same is happening with New Yorkers. 
The operating arm of Eagle Bulk Shipping will pay about $1.13 million to settle the allegations that it violated U.S. sanctions on Myanmar via 
Baker fake preacher says when Trump had raw dog sex w @StormyDaniels he was teaching her gospel! Baker what was Trump thinking when he said he has hots for oldest daughter? @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS @johnpavlovitz @RevDrBarber @CNN 
For Modern Business, Only Modern Solutions Can Keep Up. How can harnessing #machinelearning and #AI move planning from a reactive stance to a predictive one? Find out via : @AdaptiveInsight @wdayFinancetalk #plantowin #Finance 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings Can we finally start calling Democrats "Philistines?" 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
@jillybean614 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
» Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
Okay this is funny, I don't care who you are!!! #2A After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Gains and gains 
A wet market is a market that sells fresh produce. Fish, vegetable, or even farmers markets are :wet market'. The wildlife trade must end, but to demand abolishing these markets? Just clean it up. Science doesn't make racism fine. 
Banks Build New Tools to Shift Short-Term Borrowing #banking #innovation #shortterm #lending #trends 
Shifty, setting the stage... 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday @girlsreallyrule #ImpeachmentTrial #hungry 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Wait is the left eating itself again. slams CNN 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts 
That quote, by the way, is taken from this piece—we’re also featured! Thanks to @tylergabriel_ for talking to us on the upcoming rezoning 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
In wake of outbreak, Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade. 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly via 
Finally, Hillary has an Oval Office @wtoddkeller 
I can't stop laughing! 
Neighborhood Flocks To Coffee Shop Bulletin Board To Read About Fun Upcoming Events 
@AreekaFranklin thinking about this article while i continue to listen to this absolute bop 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses opin( for the Good #impeachedTrump 
@BernieSanders 🚨Mass Murder and Hunger🚨is All the End of the Rainbow 🌈 offers. History is Ripe with Examples. We aren’t that Special. 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
CNN Reporter Informs Iranian Protesters They're Supposed To Be Shouting 'Death To America' 
: 638a774f-dec0-4cd8-bcc8-a465b639db73 
In partnership with Custom, our CEO- Praveen Kankariya writes on why having a single source of truth is no longer just a utopian dream. Read the article to find out why it is time to stop flying blind without one enterprise-one view- #data #wsj 
The editorial board is calling on Amb. Bolton to tell all- even if it’s not on the Senate floor. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Love this 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Barely satire, at this point. (They did actually use stress balls &amp; spinning fidgets to relieve boredom!) 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
#CyberDigest | U.S. Turns Up the Spotlight on Chinese Universities | @Kate_OKeeffe @aviswanatha | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption. 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@crystal_max @SameeraKhan Did Hitler Killed the jews in war ? We are talking about the civilian murders by communism 
All this time I thought that "sharing the gospel" meant you were talking about the teachings of Jesus. Turns out that "gospel" is code for penis. This clears up a lot of things. 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content Icini 
Slings don’t kill people. People kill people. After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Late cycle 
Take joy in clutter! These people do. #NoMarieKondo via 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
@IamBradMinoski @marcushjohnson To be fair, her whole campaign was “because I’m not Trump”. Also you are wrong 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Another great @wjmcgurn column. It ends: "But sneering hashtags, 'Saturday Night Live' skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them." 
LOL. It really is a cult. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
The 62nd annual Grammy Awards will take place this Sunday, Jan. 26, honoring the best artists, albums, and songs from the past year. Here are ’s predictions for the 2020 Grammy Awards. 
TPG In Talks To Reduce Stake In $32 Bln Credit-Investing Arm - @LiveSquawk 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
CDC Offers Sound Medical Advise-Urges Americans To "Just Say No," If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
: New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
Does this explain everything or anything ? 
“Xi always has the option of very publicly sacking Li if the epidemic worsens…After years of marginalizing Li…it does seem convenient that he’s suddenly been thrust into the lead on arguably one of the biggest political tests in decades.” @judeblanchette 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via 
No one Liked Killary either so what's she yapping about. Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@prolpo @tangibleunknown This was an article 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
Astros Fire Trash Can Responsible For Sign-Stealing Scandal 
: d8945335-29ed-4be9-b434-bd5dc65f010b 
BOLTON Wanted to BREAK the #constitution and use international law in order to wage war on North Korea. 18/23 
In a Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN. If this were truly the case, CNN' reporting would become more factual. 🤣 
Today's Front Page of The Wall Street Journal ( via @Newseum #TFP 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@BernieSanders Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He's Trying To Actually Win Election 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
For the latest from the world’s most unstoppable media juggernaut, visit 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
#Europe's #Banking Regulator Paves the Way for Bank Mergers - #GoogleAlerts 
Couldn't make it through the first episode. 
Wave, don’t swipe: How #Amazon wants to make your hand a credit card. 👋 💳 ► via #retail #innovation 
BaHaaaa!!!!! *its satire* 
@SYFYWIRE Dissen gonna be bery messy! #BabyJarJar 
#Breaking If the #Senate calls John #Bolton as a witness and #Trumps blocks him, that would plunge the #impeachmenttrial into uncharted legal territory #Diplomacy140 #QuidProQuo #UkranianScheme #Giuliani #LevParnas #GOP #AmericansDemandWitnesses 
So long, Times Picayune!! 
Momentous headline and story here by @nataliewsj @rebeccaballhaus 
Weird! 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
BERNIES EDUCATION POLICY FOR AMERICANS 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
Wait, it was funny that Mr. Peanut (?) died in a "fiery" road crash? And now it's NOT funny because Kobe Bryant died essentially trying to avoid the day-to-day road carnage down below, which no one could have predicted? The advertising world is strange. 
@HonTonyAbbott #auspol Tony Abbott knew what the Trump Presidency would mean to the world, long before the masses woke up. 
And you get a suicide 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
» Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase | 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
U.S. national debt and sustained federal budget deficits will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office projected, following multiple rounds of tax cuts and continued increases in federal spending. 
Democrats warn that American people may tamper with next election. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
#AdamSchiff nominated for Best Actor 
“Never before have we said, you have to be comfortably middle class before you come to America. That's what we're saying now." @doug_rand 
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission is developing voluntary guidance for company oversight of blockchain-technology projects, reports . 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
Rupert Mudoch's is not exactly liberal media. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
THANK YOU @SenatorRomney for doing the right thing and allowing witnesses! THANK YOU!!!! 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
He’s been sharing the gospel like a motherfucker the entire time he’s been alive through all 3 marriages. Lets remember that Jim Bakker is a convicted felon and rapist. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Hey ⁦@StormyDaniels⁩, could you clear this up for us? I'd be very interested to know if he carried a Bible with him while you were trying booty to laugh/vomit 🍄 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #hahaha #cnn #donlemon #rickwson 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 😂😂😂 
Meanwhile, in California... "Real-estate agents and developers have discovered that cannabis can be a powerful marketing gimmick to sell luxury homes" 
HOLY FUCK!!!!!!! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
: cf0b9251-6cc7-4247-bcc6-a2c888e52e83 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
LOVE the Babylon Bee! 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
This was yesterday's (Monday) Pump by the FED...Why do we need the FED to STEP IN AGAIN?... Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets 
@RepMikeJohnson @JudiciaryGOP NEVER EVER EVER vote Republican. Not only do they refuse to uphold their oaths of office to give us #WitnessesAndDocuments but they also are spending recklessly. America will be bankrupt if these fools aren't kicked out of office. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Too soon? 
The Fed Pretends to Listen - 
@SteveRattner @Morning_Joe Remember when you were banned from working in the securities industry because you're a little rat who was part of a pay to play scheme? 
The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020 
Banks Face Eased Volcker Restrictions on Venture-Capital Funds: 
🚨 The Justice Department is looking into the antitrust ramifications of the potential Dean/DFA deal. Scoop from @jacobbunge: 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally Thank you Lord for proven to the Devil Worshipping Media that Conservatism is a more intelligent path. 
😂 Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Going to the store? No need to take your card or phone if Amazon has its way. The tech giant is working with the likes of Visa and JPMorgan to let consumers pay with wave of a hand via 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
The #Palestinians aren't participating because they do not want peace in the region. Their leadership is vested in political instability, #AntiSemitism and #Terrorism . @realdonaldtrump @Netanyahu @VP @dbongino #MahmoudAbbas @RashidaTlaib @IlhanMN 
You can’t make this sh!t up! 💩🤡 'tRump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
@RepMikeJohnson The Trump administration’s bid to replace Venezuela’s authoritarian leader Nicolás Maduro hit a roadblock after a meeting with Russian officials in Rome last year—and has never recovered. 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says via @MicahMaidenberg 
American Air: ninth Delta: first 
“Thy rod and thy staff they comfort thee.” #TraitorTrump 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 😆😂🤣😜 I love good #satire 
Beware Bernie and Liz, they want all of your income and they will tell you how to spend what you have left. "a wealth tax is just one of the revenue grabs to expect in a Warren or Sanders administration" Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - Beautiful 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden #satire #reality 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Liberal @Harvard has a professor with ties to China which may have sold out his own country: #tuckercarlsontonight #tucker #treason 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending 
Try not to stab yourself 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor Satire 
SCOOP (#ImpeachmentTrial) via 's @lindsaywise &amp; @siobhanehughes: GOP leaders say they don't have the votes needed right now to block witnesses being called in the Senate's #Trump #impeachment trial. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
10-year-old me would be thrilled to learn of the growing popularity of synthetic frogs for dissections. I was a visionary when I wrote a poem in 5th grade on this topic. via 
1/28 #TrumpFails In a mtg with Senate Republicans, Mitch told them he doesnt have the votes to stop an effort to call witnesses in Trump's trial Calling &amp; writing is working. If you have a GOP Senator, keep it up &amp; let them know witnesses are necessary 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income. 
The paper of record has its say 
Kobe Bryant brings us together in a universal appreciation of athletic excellence. I cheered him as a Laker, but came to admire him as a colleague and startup investor in co.'s like @honest. We lost a potential ⁦@WarrenBuffett⁩ for our generation. 
Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial #comedy #people 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
if I was still a personal finance journalist, i might ask: why do three private corporations with not-great track consumer records get to dictate a fundamental lending metric with [checks notes] zero accountability or consumer choice? 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
FICO Changes Could Lower Your Credit Score 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An #AR15 Wearing A #MAGA Hat #Satire 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment inscribed in gold signature!America I just want to glue shut so can remind me how she has CORRUPTED OUR🇺🇸&amp;SUFFERING CAUSED BY HER SELF SERVING ACTIONS🐂💩! 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Girlfriend's Cat Choked A Little 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
@DuluthTradingCo if you're looking for a good april fools joke for this year 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I don’t think that would help them at this point.🤷‍♀️ 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle-class via 
Take care as you prep that #SuperBowl guac or game day could be the pits. "It's the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself.” #avocadohand 
@Klonick As my colleagues @georgia_wells &amp; @EmilyGlazer previously reported, TikTok is being flooded with political content: Millions of young people are using the platform, and political operatives have noticed. 
Oh the irony! 
: First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
Episcopal Priest Forced To Resign After Revealing He Believes In God. LOL. How about the Trinity? 
Tens of thousands of football fans are competing for hotel rooms around Miami with a significant presence of tourists flocking to South Beach to enjoy the sun and warm weather 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@sensitiveuser_ @JoeMPrz1 @sharxie_ @BernieSanders Not nearly as simple as you'd like to believe: Besides, that is one billionaire. It doesn't represent all and doesnt refute that they pay the vast majority of taxes. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands.: Wall Street Journal MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Why is anyone listening to this criminal??? Is he really that delusional and dishonest, still??? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
I need this. Turkish Christians can also be a big help. Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat #satire 
Call your Senator RIGHT NOW! 202-224-3121! I'm calling mine RIGHT NOW! (Oh crap wait is Gillibrand a hard G or a soft G? I always forget for some reason.) (Oh god it's ringing. If she answers this could be super embarrassing!!) 
Xi Jinping vows to combat #coronavirus by making it illegal to mention within a week. “We have seen far too many senseless deaths due to this outbreak, so I vow here and now that those official death toll numbers will remain unchanged.” Via ;) 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
There is fear, uncertainty and resignation in #Wuhan as Americans await a government evacuation flight out tonight. Many are forced to ask the tough question: do we go or stay with our Chinese families? Our dispatch: @jamestareddy and @Liz_in_Shanghai 
China’s #Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation #5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
@realDonaldTrump Only Conservatives understand Capitalism and the economy. The Left is ALWAYS wrong! 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
.@Martin_Indyk: "Because the U.S. is Israel’s friend, we should encourage it to hold open" the chance of a two-state peace "by avoiding West Bank settlement construction or annexation that would make territorial compromise with the Palestinians impossible." 
“Some demographers say the baby who will live to 200 years old is already born... People in their 60s today look very much like people in their 40s not long ago." People spend a lot of time wondering if they’ll have the means to retire. Do they want to? 
@KimMurden1 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
This will be interesting to see how much more information comes out in the next few weeks because China seems like they're severely under-reporting. Now some evidence people are being infected outside of Wuhan... 
Actors Tony Shalhoub, Marin Hinkle, Michael Zegen and Stephanie Hsu on the family dynamics of @MaiselTV’s third season: “I’m a parent in real life—and my heart is forever in my hand, you know?” 
The Fed’s playbook for the next recession will rely heavily on bond purchases and forward guidance about plans to hold rates at very low levels for longer than investors expect. via 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
#LOL 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
AI Helps Spot Dental Fraud. System from startup @hello_pearl flags potentially fraudulent claims, administrative errors. @natehermes @MonicaRMiller @OphirTanz @drkylestanley @GumGum @BHdentistry @helmdds @DrMattNejad @BiomimeticCE @OstrowUSC @AAEDentistry 
yagonnaneedcongressionalapprovalandyoudon'thavethevotes 
They Killed it! 
: 4573be66-bb87-44ea-91c8-cf8a0023bf12 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The UK is going with Huawei, the controversial Chinese telecom giant, to build its 5G network. The UK government will give Huawei permission to build non-critical parts of its 5G network, denying the company access to its most sensitive networks. 
@GretchenInOK I love how the Babylon Bee picked up one this with a mythical church in Cottage Grove, MN. 
@jbouie @itisfofe That's the whole deal though, right? 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
@MarshaS86941020 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Some Iowa voters are expressing anxiety about making sure they pick a nominee who could unseat Donald Trump 
This is what is called biting satire...excellent stuff! And absolutely true! 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office #reality #people 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Gillette Now Including Free Manly Side Bag With Every Purchase 
Looks like the Demoncrats have at least 4 RINO Republican Senators willing to vote their way on impeachment issues. Mitt Romney will def be one along with Collins and Murkowski. 
WHOA IF TRUE Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Figures! 
#TacoPolitics @realDonaldTrump Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis via 
The rally of Apple 
The #Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
@EYnews In today's , Richard J. Shinder does a fine job of spanking the Davos crowd. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@StephenGutowski Do they have any of these? 
Airbus expected to settle FCPA case with US, UK and France. 
@SaintPi36293309 @ErichSchloegl NEWSFLASH 1.)CNN 2.)MSNBC 3.)NBC 4.) Only news to trust these days!!! Fake news everywhere else. Drain the swamp!! 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
“Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - ”. “Lieber was reportedly paid $50,000 a month by Wuhan University of Technology ... and was given more than $1.5 million to establish a lab ...”. 
#CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch #FoxNews And #YellAtIt 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
#HFT costs to regular investors back in the news. Cue up #IEX and Brad Katsuyama 
Cautionary A-hed on avocado-related hand injuries. Be safe out there. 
Dumbshit Trump Promises U.S. Will Continue To Recognize, Preserve Palestinians' Historic Refugee Camps 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth #SmartNews 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
@CharlesMurray does not understand genetics or the purpose of polygenic scores. More importantly, he has no concept of what causality is. A handful of SNPs that "add up" to some observed trait is in no way to be deemed causal. 
@SenatorMenendez @SenateGOP @SenateDems @marym3422 So true!! 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
@DTCahill @Luke4Tech It's a #CIA puppet show Look away Turn the #TellLieVision off for a few days or years, or like I did, turn it off FOREVER Give yourself a break Americans Ready To Move On To The Next Dumb Thing 
President Trump Says Future Palestinian State Depends on a ‘Firm Rejection of Terrorism’. I applaud his and PM Netanyahu’s efforts but I don’t see the Iranians keeping their influence via Shia militants out of Palestine. #alpolitics #AL01 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
@meaganmday @Wade_Turnbull You know people who didn't use financial leverage to drive a recession in another EU member state. 
"In 18 large economies, world-wide residential investment dropped on a year-over-year basis for four consecutive quarters through September, the longest stretch of declines since the 2008-09 crisis" 
Ever wonder The Biggest Ways People Waste Money? The Wall Street Journal says it can be from the smallest things (like buying coffee ) to the largest (like a big house) Money is the #1 fight in relationships. #money #argue #budge #counseling #change 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 😂 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Good points. Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus via 
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what 
Legalizing Marijuana in New York Regains Attention Among Lawmakers - The Wall Street Journal 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@dewysmack @charliekirk11 Ah yes, “I got caught officer and gave back the money, we good?” 
BREAKING: “*Mc­Connell Says GOP Lead­ers Don’t Cur­rently Have Enough Votes to Block Im­peach­ment Wit­nesses” He made the remarks in a private meeting. 
@TechnoHausFunkr @Maytag_Zach @Snowden The Soviets didn't murder millions of their own people? Did you even attend history class back in high school? At least 20 million people died at the hands of the Soviet government! That's double the number of people Hitler killed. 
Angela Merkel’s likely successor @akk wants more defense spending and overseas deployments. 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Now we know the truth! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
I would bet good money none of these people regularly rides public transit. 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers—a big “Eww!” In ⁦⁩ 
FROM #BUSHWICK TO #SOHO: 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. Via ⁦@coryramey⁩ 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales $AAPL I can hear @jimcramer saying own apple dont trade Apple right now 😁 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - Chinese telecom company is given permission to build noncritical parts of the network, despite U.S. security concerns #5G #TechGeopolitics #5GSecurity 
Gold Stays Steady as Coronavirus Fears Linger 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We simply can't allow that to happen. We must diligently defend our electoral process.” #SchiffRocks 
“I’d like women, especially ones of a certain age, to be influenced by Moira’s wonderfully daring sense of fashion,” Catherine O’Hara says of her quirky creation Moira Rose on TV comedy “Schitt’s Creek.” “Don’t be afraid to wear wigs.” 
Lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than well-being of its people. via 
"Black Wave: Saudi Arabia, Iran, and the Forty-Year Rivalry That Unraveled Culture, Religion, and Collective Memory in the Middle East by Kim Ghattas reviewed in 
This skirmish victory was accomplished not by the Democrat impeachment managers alone, but also by my colleagues at @chkbal and folks at @ProjectLincoln and @gtconway3d and many more reasonable Republicans. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
@COMM240 This article by provides a simple definition of the Web 2.0 while showing the ways it can be used in marketing today. 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Thank you @CNN &amp; @donlemon. We've always trusted you were closet supporters of @greggutfeld &amp; @realDonaldTrump! 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - Pandora’s box! Please let this be true! 🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽 
This latest episode of Presidential Impeachment is pretty lame. I hope the season gets better or I may give up on this show. It needs more action and love interests. 
After basketball, one of Kobe Bryant's competitive second acts was tech investing. The venture/ startup sector pays tribute. Story w/ @Katie_Roof 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
That would have saved me some time: 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world 
“Fiscal conservatives” The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
The Republican Party used to stand for fiscal responsibility, but they blew it out of the water with tax cuts for the rich. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Well played well played "First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring" 
Senate will now mirror House of Representatives..... Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
#Healed. Sins wiped away. Hallelujah, Melanoma will be relieved. #Rump Was Merely Sharing The #Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
“[T]he ball is in Congress’s court to act before U.S. innovation falls too far behind those nations that have IP systems equipped for the 21st century.” – Judge Paul Michel and @TheRealMattDowd in . #PatentsMatter 
Therrbu have it folks ...tax cuts. Made this poss less corp tax n borrowimg .....U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Once again, satire site Babylonbee is more truth than the media, because this, in fact, IS what they ARE fearing and it IS the reason for the sham impeachment exercise! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Apple Posts Revenue Growth on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread via 
“most obvious way to see if this money has been spent well, is if the infrastructure is working. Are we seeing rail, roads, being completed on time?”   train from Nairobi to Mombasa was an example of a project that has faced revenue generation problems. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
markets: The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share. 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@paddy12725650 @Rabberoonies Anybody remember when a US trade deal would lead to hormone and steroid-filled beef and how it would harm us all? Whatever happened to those complaints, I wonder? Oh, look.... 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish: 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
True story. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Professor Sigal Barsade spoke with 's @RachelFeintzeig about why younger #workers are feeling lonelier at the #office than their older counterparts 
I almost vomited blood! 🤢 
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, via 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant, his daughter and seven others have emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Rome has allowed and covered up abuse for hundreds of years. They’ve lost the right to be God’s representatives on earth and religion poisons everything. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
EVERYONE TAKE A LOOK AMAZING NEWS If this is true and it seems to be, McConnell doesn’t have the votes to support no witnesses! 
Wuhan virus outbreak linked to wild meat consumption, as it was for SARS in 2003 #CoronaOutbreak 
Match made in heaven. 
NEWS: AbbVie, J&amp;J and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness. Those HIV drugs, protease inhibitors, are being evaluated for treating coronavirus 
Currently the news reporting on this crucial point is conflicting 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The NTSB recommended to the FAA that a terrain awareness system should be mandated but the FAA failed to act via 
This could be the funniest thing I've ever read. 
@aMomaGrandmom @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
: After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker I shit you not. 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Outbreak Tests Faith in Global Economy 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From #people #article 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | #SmartNews 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
The International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board has been trying to become more closely aligned with U.S.-focused standard setters. IAASB Chairman Tom Seidenstein explains how. via #internalaudit #audit #IIA #IAASB #Fraud #standards # 
If you think that the coronavirus isn’t affecting the markets than you’re utterly stupid. Dow drops hard, trade deals shutdown? Bitcoin isn’t going anywhere whatever happens, and so it doesn’t dump it pumps. $xbt $btc 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
Goodwill Sparks Deep Division, at Least on Balance Sheets #LeaseAccounting 
@Nuearth2000 @LindaTerhune @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl @nbc @halsey @sethmeyers @LateNightSeth @colbertlateshow @StephenAtHome @JimmyKimmelLive @jimmykimmel @DNC @BillyGraham @CTmagazine @RecordingAcad @tedcruz @TexasGOP @JohnCornyn @lizzo @djkhaled @SenCoryGardner @SenRickScott @TeamMarco @HuffPost #Bolton confirmed in the #BoltonBook that: - #Trump sold out the #USA &amp; our #NationalSecurity to cheat in #Election2020, violating the #Constitution &amp; his sacred Oath along the way - @Trump &amp; his lawyers play the #TrumpTrain for FOOLS by LYING to them! 
California Builds Wall To Stop People From Leaving 
U.S. stocks are up after yesterday’s losses, as investors shift from coronavirus fears to corporate earnings season #WhatsNow 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Republicans don't have the votes to block witness testimony 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
At Nehemiah Manufacturing, over 80% of the workers are formerly incarcerated. To support them, Nehemiah hired Social Workers to assist those facing obstacles outside of work. 
@splatterhouses1 @w_terrence So, were you sleeping then or are you lying now? 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Avg property tax bill in US ~$3,500, w many residents in #NewYork, #NewJersey, #Connecticut &amp; #California well over $10,000/year. In #WestchesterCounty, NY, avg property-tax bill &gt;$17,000, highest in US. #MondayThoughts #realestate #taxes #housing 
: U.S. Targets Phone Companies for Allegedly Aiding Robocallers 
With business school applications in decline nationally, @JHUCarey partnered with Prophet to reimagine its full-time M.B.A. program. tells the story of how this #transformation came to life: 
@Krubuntu @Chinchillazllla @jobscreator He'll never die, never grow old, and always eat oatmeal. 
OMG. 🤣🤣 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@yukkuriyankey Cost of Living Now Outweights Benefits [Sorry for a flippant response to a serious problem. YMMV, but that's really the only way that I personally can cope with existential crises.] 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 😂😂😂 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
At a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents. 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Satire: "Dems Change Mind On Border Wall After Realizing It Will Keep People From Leaving When We Switch To Socialism"~&gt; 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
How Russia, Turkey, India and other countries helped Venezuela sidestep U.S. sanctions. via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
“Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks.” #COpolitics #CoryGardner 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@CillizzaCNN So this isn't satire: 
“McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes To Block Impeachment Witnesses” 
Meanwhile, among the IIF’s sixteen-country sample, collective interest costs have climbed from $1.6 billion five years ago to $4.3 billion in 2020 Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future   
THIS! is awesome! 🔴Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election #Bernie2020 
Philbin: Abuse of Power Charge Is 'Infinitely Malleable 
The U.S. is screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for the coronavirus, but the Department of Health and Human Services says the virus poses no immediate threat to Americans 
What kinda fucking maniac uses a knife to gut an avacado? Probably BCE or some shit. 
Detroit is on a path to becoming a hub of future #automotive technology. #GM ’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the #Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory - via 
Here’s a mind blowing prediction: “Knowledge of which DNA strand does what will make it easier to judge which policies are effective.” 
Submitted without commentary. 🤣 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders 
A Timeline Of U.S.–Iran Relations 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
NEWS: GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Wow: reports that McConnell is telling GOP senators he doesn’t have the votes needed to prevent witness testimony. 
Blood, like urine, has traditionally been blue. @kotex thinks audiences are ready for reality in #advertising. 
“GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of President Trump, people familiar with the matter said.” 
What the hell are you people doing to the country! This is absolutely disgraceful! @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi @senatemajldr 
This is a great deal for America. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment 
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
hahahah oh my god. amazing 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Babylon Bee purchases CNN!🤣😂🤣 
IT’S TACO TUESDAY!! Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - The Wall Street Journal 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
"Vancouver man with SARS felt ill after a trip to Asia... Because of his symptoms, the staff whisked him out of the crowded ER within five minutes. Caregivers wore tight, moisture-proof masks and disposable gowns to protect themselves." 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone "Top scientists all agree that the best way to get rid of something is to ban it." 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@Phil_Mattingly Didn't you say, your sources said probably no witnesses? Don't allow trump alies to play you. Dig deeper. 
Your daily Bee! 
@nomad1c23 Which one? #: #NBC: #AP: Robby Mook's DDD: DuckDuckGo is your friend. Google is helping Democrats rig it again. 
: be71f6e3-bbf6-462a-a29d-502b2d145bd9 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
And here I always thought scientists were morally superior to the rest of us mere mortals. And Harvard scientists were morally superior to all other scientists. 
@nyccookies @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Lmfao 
Let's just hope Germany becomes sane first. otherwise you are arming a non rational player.ah, #VDL "wants to strengthen the Continent’s hard power." is grotesque. @amlivemon @vtchakarova @RobertMCutler 
NSC Lawyer Eisenberg Was Aware Council Had Bolton Manuscript via 
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
The mayor of Wuhan, the city at the epicenter of China’s viral outbreak, said rules imposed by Beijing limited what he could disclose about the threat posed by the pathogen 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
@realDonaldTrump #winning? How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela The Trump administration underestimated how much support President Nicolás Maduro would receive from Russia and Cuba, as well as from U.S. allies 
Satire Tweet #4 () "Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean" 
Listen. Don't want them to get the clicks for this. But they just don't even care anymore. Unfrickingreal 
Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere #MAGA #TRUMP 
: 4170a446-ad0b-4412-a1c8-eb8a1b374856 
And how was that brief gospel sermon from ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ @StormyDaniels⁩ 
@TheGoldenRam33 @IGGYAZALEA This was not a good idea in 2019 &amp; early 2020: "The helicopter's exterior was meant to evoke the skin of a snake" 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Funny! 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Supermarkets are adding highly automated micro=fulfillment centers to tap into the fast-growing grocery delivery market. via 
Two years ago I inherited my mother-in-law's mink stole. But I haven't worn it lest someone on the street throws acid or red paint at me. #nonewfur “Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
"Because men and women are the same." 
There it is for all you who support Republicans and say they have President Trump’s back! You’re Full of SH*T! Most Republicans in the House and Senate don’t support him or YOU, if you voted for him. It’s why I support Pres Trump and only Trump. 
In Major Deal, ⁦⁩ Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN #FakeNews #MAGA 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Babylon Bee stays focused. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
"The pitch would essentially remodel San Jose as a 21st-century company town, where a dominant employer lifts the local economy for decades to come." 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
@dianebullock It is sad when the can't do more parodies and has to do real news. 
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
‘The Poison Squad’ Review: A Spoonful of Borax Helps the Rancid Meat Go Down - 
@GovernorVA You're kind of a joke, Ralph Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
And yet, people wonder why so many of us think that churches have become among the filthiest institutions going, right now. What Xtian is going to insist that we investigate people profiting from the feeble minded, the desperate and the oblivious?!? 
Central Banks Warm to Issuing Digital Currencies: 
Remember some #Americans will believe this, they will. #Televangelist #JimBakker explained to his audience that he had confirmed that #Trump was scheduling private time with #StormyDaniels to share with her the good news of #JesusChrist. #Spanky 
Women held 50.04% of U.S. jobs last month, the first time since 2010 that women surpassed men on payrolls. # 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Chickfila &gt; McDonalds via 
@psocialbuterfly @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology: 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
CNN Attacks Babylon Bee: 'The Internet Is Only Big Enough For One Fake News Site’ 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
#AbbVie, #Gilead and others respond to #Chinese authorities’ requests for #antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness #CoronaOutbreak 
@rachel_r_thomas @PeteButtigieg Same energy: 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
The Super Bowl is still nearly a week away, but hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game ⁦⁩ #Miami #Hospitality #CRE 
#Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery via #stock #bonds #forex #commodities 
Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
This looks like Harvard's version of SpyGate. #Spygate 
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
US Higher Education system is at risk from Chinese buyouts from all fronts from cheating entry to university via our testing systems, buying up bankrupt private institutions, creating false on-campus cultural orgs. worse, buying our own Professors. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Heads up! Important and timely warning from your good Democrat buddies led by Shifty Adam Schiff: Voters can't be trusted to vote "correctly". The Democrats are from the government and they are here to help! #SenateTrial #SchiffLies 
U.K. bows to Huawei which will -despite a huge U.S. lobbying campaign - be allowed to build part of the country's 5G telecoms network. 
What happened to Trumpy s promise to wipe out the Debt. He knew he was lying. From Discover on Google 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
What the hell is wrong with these Republicans??? @GOP ________________________________ GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
From opinion: The next thing in advertising will be showing you what you really want before you knew you wanted it, writes @andykessler 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | . 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
“On Sunday, authorities imposed a temporary nationwide ban on the trade of wild animals and quarantined all wildlife breeding centers.” #CoronaOutbreak #ChinaVirus #China 
Are diseased pigs cause of coronavirus? via 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief after creating the news division in 2012 that became a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
BREAKING: @senatemajldr says Republican leaders do NOT have enough votes to block the FAKE impeachment witnesses! This is NOT going well for President Trump! Is the swamp colluding together to oust our elected President? Hmm🤔 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right 
The Bee has genius humor! In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
When the 's @ChipCutter asked me if we had an employee orchestra, I said I wasn't sure but wouldn't be surprised. That convo led me to a huge group of passionate musicians who perform 80+ person concerts all year long. This was so fun to work on: 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN @CNN satire you can trust 😆 
To avoid censorship, Chinese social media users have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal 
: 2750ad82-4edc-4bbe-ab09-86e774f3aa14 
It's fair to say that if you grew up in the UK you wouldn't have a romanticized view of canned beans! 
The NFL Loves Insiders. Andy Reid Is the Ultimate Outsider. The success of the Chiefs can be traced through their coach who has become the game’s foremost offensive mind because of a career spent soliciting and incorporating the best outside opinions 
"We’re just going through the motions here, we all know how it is going to end, so let’s at least try to keep it brief.” - Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
😂🤣😂🤣😂 As Part Of Settlement With Nick Sandmann, CNN Hosts Must Wear MAGA Hats During All Broadcasts | 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” via 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
Satire Tweet 2 () "Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony" 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs embraced its principles. via 
Pretty good! But this is still the best: 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election ... 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Most of the animals pictured here are apes, not monkeys. I expect more from a serious news site like @babylonbee Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@SenSanders WE GOT THE MESSAGE AMERICA WILL BE TAX TO THE POOR HOUSE! 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via 
@dumb_ditto_face @TubeTimeUS Ever since they built this giant tank... 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Jesus, save me from your followers. 🙏🏻 
Trump administration has lined up tentative support from at least some Arab states, people familiar with the matter say. 
Now that's just plain crazy. 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
@realDonaldTrump The @GOP is fucked up. 
“the U.S. cam­paign spi­raled into a for­eign-pol­icy de­ba­cle, thwarted by fa­mil­iar ad­ver­saries, Rus­sia and Cuba...Tur­key and In­dia...helped Ve­nezuela side­step U.S. sanc­tions and..op­po­si­tion ac­tivists. The EU watched from the side­lines” 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
If you didn’t know, now you know. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker. 
Oh yeah? Well how did she know what Trump's underwhelming, mushroom- shaped penis look like? What Gospel are you reading? 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
A U.S. charter jet was expected to arrive at Wuhan’s closed airport on Tuesday and quickly depart for the U.S., ferrying 230 or so U.S. diplomats, their family members and an “extremely limited” number of private citizens back to the U.S via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
4 Copy Editors Killed In Ongoing AP Style, Chicago Manual Gang Violence 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Stuffed celery, Ritz Crackers, salami roll-ups: At bars around the country, we’re snacking like it’s 1969. via 
finally! 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, Thanks to Trumps no tax and spend policy_ via 
Cruise operators are canceling voyages to and from China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads and countries urge people not to travel to infected area. #JakartaLangitBiru #JakartaLangitBiru 
: Russian Orthodox Church Accused Of Interfering With Doctrine Of Election 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with the guacamole prep for this weekend's Super Bowl. 
The Best and Worst U.S. Airlines of 2019: ⁦@Delta⁩ outpaced the field for the third year in a row 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now #MAGA #TRUMP 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
A lot of discussion remains to be had on #AI regulations and how we go about formalizing a framework for it. Nonetheless, it is extremely encouraging for fellow CEOs to voice their advocacy for it: 
Communist Cuba has been farming out their doctors for decades, but this article exposes the dirty truth and that of the UN's involvement. The U.N. and Human Trafficking 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
: 422ed6d6-0683-4043-8b7a-ccaf007b7cd6 
20 years ago from this week: 'Greatest Story Ever Told' Has Gimmicky Deus Ex Machina Ending 
"CNN will also benefit, as their content will now be clearly labeled satire, protecting them from getting sued to high heaven for their skewed coverage." 
“The long-term goal is to enhance ‘human performance via brain-machine interface.’” 
White House is scrambling to respond to the former aide’s book after being caught off guard by its revelations via 
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   via 
: New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It @brianstelter 
RIGHT!!! Trump was merely reading a passage from his personal bible edited by Jim Bakker that reads: Thou shall open the gate of heaven for me by giving me access to thy open legs. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday ... 
We'll take it... 
@stellas2ndact This, but the gender swapped. 
Sure. We're endorsing two candidates now. But that's just the aperitif baby. If two candidates is good, and three candidates is better, obviously five candidates would make us the best newspaper that ever existed. Comprende? 
#FATCA was enacted without regard for its effects on the 8.7 million U.S. citizens living abroad, who have essentially been declared guilty of financial crimes unless they can prove otherwise. -Oct, 2015 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via 
"Gospel" is a euphemism for "male member" which is a euphemism for "penis"? Well, that fits with Jim Bakker's cheating scandal. He shared his gospel with other women, too. Poor Tammy Faye.😭 
LVMH Sales Powered by Fashion, Leather Goods - Wall Street Journal 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Finally, reality hits. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker - He Has Really Fell And Bumped His Head Hard! 
Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, according to a Congressional Budget Office report released on Tuesday. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
From : #5G continues to be a hefty investment for #telecom companies with no clear winner in sight. Why bet on winners and losers? $SRVR - Mission critical assets powering 5G and #cloud 
Do I see a glimpse of light at the end of the tunnel? 😱 “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses” - 
Here's what I wrote about it in the @wsj in 2006: 
i did not anticipate my patients getting worried about the corona virus but i am already tired of hearing about it so here is my response for the rest of the day: 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales #Apple @Apple @studio_fs @CalRestaurants #Cupertino #SanJose #SiliconValley #appleearnings #myfcsi 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
@JZarif @Pontifex @POTUS @VP This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani -Iran was at war for freedom. 
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via 
Poor Bernie. #nobodylikeshim, as you can see from this secret meeting he held with 15,000 donors. 
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses 
From Discover on Google 
Amsterdam gets it. “Collecting too much real-time data could be useless to cities, Ger Baron, Amsterdam’s chief technology officer, said during the panel. ‘We don’t need to know where everybody is the whole time,’ he said.” 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses...key fact from this article: the house refused to subpoena Bolton when he declined to originally testify. So now the onus is on the senate because the house dems wanted to move quickly ? 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China, rpts: #cybersec 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
More Unborn Babies Disguising Themselves As Baby Yoda To Avoid Being Aborted 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses ROFL!!!! 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
» Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners | 
@realDonaldTrump @co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @agavecorn @Mooncatadams @concit1USA @Gallaecian #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC KARMA GOP Cannibalism Begins! As Planned, Buckle YOUR SeatBelts It's GOP vs Putin's PRETEND GOP 'Little Hands Gang' Popcorn Anyone? 
That's what they call that now? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
A milk merger ain’t a light matter-DOJ sniffing around ⁦@jacobbunge⁩ 
Wow... this is how fucked up the church is. "Trump was only sharing the gospel with Stormy Daniels " says Jim Baker... 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
Supreme Court Allows Victims Of Heart Disease, Obesity To Sue Utensil Manufacturer 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
It’s simple math. 
@SteveHuff One of my favourite articles of all time... 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
BREAKING: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell privately told his caucus that he does not have the votes to block witnesses or documents at Trump's impeachment trial. #ImpeachmentTrial #BoltonTestify #BoltonMustTestify 
Well, alrighty then. // 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Classic : "I Am Fun" 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | ⁦⁦@TheAliceSmith⁩ @tpusa ⁦@charliekirk11⁩ ⁦@RealCandaceO⁩ ⁦@ThomasSowell⁩ ⁦@TheAtlasSociety⁩ ⁦@yaf⁩ 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang. How pandemics start. 
Apple's latest iPhone blowout was a nice - and inconvenient - surprise. For heard - 
@kesayers Yeah, like when he did more events for Hillary than everyone else outside her immediate family? 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Reminder that Jim Baker was accused of rape by Jessica Hahn. 
@StevenReyCristo @RepAdamSchiff YOU ARE CORRECT - 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
If Trump goes to court to prevent witness testimony, can CJ Roberts allow testimony in the Senate anyway? 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
markets: Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
When #Satire is too close to the truth for comfort. 🤦🏽‍♀️ Stephen Miller Hurt At Being Passed Over For Job Stalking Female Ambassador 
#GOP doesn't have enough votes to block #witnesses 
@OWKINscience featured in for our collaboration on @MELLODDY_IMI along with @Bayer Thrilling to see #federatedlearning making the headlines! 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@AliceAvizandum HOLY SHIT Man Walks on Fucking Moon 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
Opinion: The Democrat's Impeachment Case Could Set Dangerous Precedents 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Get your popcorn ready. 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content #LMAO 
#MoscowMitch McTurtle Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block #Impeachment Witnesses. All eyes on: *Mitt Romney (R-UT) *Susan Collins (R-ME) *Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) *Lamar Alexander (R-TN) *Pat Toomey (R-PA) *Rob Portman (R-OH) 
lol! Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
So what will happen with @SparkNZ and @Huawei now in #Aotearoa for the #5G network 
A synchronized housing slowdown is a new risk to the world economy 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
'Facebook ... figured out the average person spends 1.7 seconds looking at Newsfeed posts on mobile devices, so S4 helped its client L’Oréal create 2-second makeup ads' via 
Letters: Why So Many Midcareer Doctors Burn Out 
An insightful summary of a finding by MIT Sloan Management Review 2019 about why "many AI initiatives fail". One key takeaway from it is don't limit AI strategy to IT strategy. The beauty shall be appreciated not by the CTOs but CEOs. via #BCSTT #D 
🐝🐝😂😂😂😂In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Better: Lease accounting rules help investors see how they overvalued companies, underestimated debt. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial #SmartNews The ear-muffed, blinders-on, lips-unbridled conservative hosts are having visions of sugar plums, i.e., four more years of idiot rule. 
The last flight of Kobe's life began in fog and ended with air traffic controllers trying to reach his helicopter with these words: "... state intentions ... you’re still too low level for flight following at this time." w/@bzcohen 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
@ElleZee6 "Bolton Argues War With Iran Only Way To Avenge Americans Killed In Upcoming War With Iran" 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Dumbshit Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
I grew up with VeggieTales, this is priceless! 😆🤣😹😂 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
@steph93065 @RepAdamSchiff @realDonaldTrump Hey Steph! What are your thoughts about this? 
@IslandGirlPRV Trump's cuts: $1.5 trillion from Medicaid $845 billion from Medicare $25 billion from Social Security Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
The Tax Increases to Come, by Candidate via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @shellieblum @cjdtwit @RL9631 @itsjustjill @truthgunner @realerincruz @buckseriously @uberstephanie @TXPolitico @cgpb @eavesdropann @gatesrobin @jamieRJN @heidiponyrider @carold502 
Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers - 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments Complicated by Bolton Reports (Wall Street Journal) 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
According to the Washington Post, in a private meeting, Mitch McConnell said GOP Leaders currently do not have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
If the Bob joke ever stops being funny, I will immediately resign from . 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
I think the above is the best thing I've ever seen from , co-worker believes it's this 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
I'll get these out early today because of the trial. I sure wish he'd disappear... Satire Tweet 1 () " ‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk" 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
The Democrats greatest fear is that Americans May Tamper With Next Election 
FAA inaction killed all those people. The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant wasn’t equipped with a ‘terrain awareness’ system that could have provided information about the mountainous area via 
Liz Moore, the author of "Heft" returns with "Long Bright River," a thriller about two sisters on opposite sides of Philadelphia’s drug epidemic. 
#AdamSchiff Nominated For #BestActor #MAGA on! 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Demon Lord Clearly Visible In New York Senate Chamber Applauding Legalization Of Abortion Until Moment Of Birth 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #news #feedly 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. It will get worse with prep for this weekend’s Super Bowl. via 
@sandikpa64 @sodangfancy22 @DeporableDeb Ask yourself why Jared didn’t want anyone to know his ties with Soros. His loans with Saudi Arabia played a big part on why we are now supporting the culprits of 9/11. But keep hating democrats 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
?Well, I Could Do That? Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break - #securityguard 
The harrowing details on the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant by by @bzcohen and @ailworth 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus #WhatDoYouThink? 
Analysts suspect the actual number of infected is thousands higher than the currently confirmed 1,400. The lesson of 1918 is that secrecy can kill. Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster. 
“For two years, Reid hired Chris Ault, the progenitor of the “Pistol” offense at the University of Nevada, far beyond the NFL’s mainstream, to consult with his team.” 
@MichaelTCoffee libs be like: 
What do you consider a fair—or unfair—trade-off between improved services and reduced privacy? Where do you draw the line? 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Satire hits the money load on this one! 
“...Mitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents, these people said. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count, but he didn't show it to senators.” 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
@Stanley_2020UK @USAmbUK @SteveBakerHW @thesundaytimes The US removed .. all labelling of country of origin "COOL", a few years back, So that will be part of the deal. (But I shall leave you to your... "Hopes") Enjoy your Zeronol. 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus $SPY $QQQ $DIA 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
5 Things To Know About Prince Harry And Meghan Markle’s Split From The Royal Family 
For now, Xi Jinping stands to benefit from having an accomplished technocrat manage a crisis unlike any other the president faces, including political unrest in Hong Kong—one that in this case can’t be easily blamed on foreign interference. @JNBPage 
: b6f59abf-7393-4bff-a258-cd0353addacf 
From : “When two consumer-product veterans started @NehemiahMfg a decade ago, their idea was to create more opportunities in a struggling part of Cincinnati. Now, workers with criminal records make up around 80% of the company’s about 180 employees.” 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish #Bolton #Impeachment #Trump 
This is huge! Since CNN NEVER tells the truth, maybe they can do comedy/satire now. I might actually watch...(Not really) 😂 
How do you explain semen sermon to your grandkids? 
Nation Unsurprised As Ocasio-Cortez Comes Out Against Thoughts | 
To all you Bernie lovers..hope you’re wealthy! 
"one day after representatives from her party pushed legislation that would allow killing unborn children moments before birth, while the mother is in labor, and even leaving babies to die after being born alive." 
Elizabeth Warren Opens Casino To Help Finance Campaign 
“We’re a 25-year-old company going through a major shift in some of our products and services, so we're looking for younger workers to help with that,” - Vincent Dawkins, @enertiasoftware #onthepath #enrichinglives #itcareers #techtalent 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
In a sports world in which most jobs, especially high-ranking ones, are still held by men, more than half of the Philadelphia Eagles’ top advisers are female. via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Update/Milkdate: 
This would be an improvement over the actual Republican party. 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
He'd previously stepped on 79 other rakes, each time resulting in the gardening implement smacking him in the face. But those times weren't "real stepping on a rake," he insisted. #socialism #fail #evil 
Hell Fucking YEAH!!! 
@wotrwokr @shrekthepunk @9CatGhosts @Lor_blueeyes @lou_bruette @Thumper5465 @aorgat @PATRIQT_1776 @SONADORLIVESON @Impeachedforty5 @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @jdd2169 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 @LouisianaDan007 @MarvelsEdge @MockingQballs1 @FranciGirl85 @MaryChenevert @siempresoldados Checkmate 
"When the Founders wrote that founding document thing, they never imagined there would be electoral outcomes that Dems did not agree with Dems also said they even have hard evidence that the 2016 election was compromised by Republicans voting for Trump."🤣 
Ben Smith is exiting as Buzzfeed’s new chief to join NYT. 😏 ⁦@mizdonna⁩ ⁦@NHMommy1⁩ ⁦@Cara_TXZEAL⁩ ⁦@UrUnpaidPundit⁩ ⁦@LJT_is_me⁩ ⁦@Elaines2cents⁩ ⁦@KellySunshineT1⁩ ⁦@TexasKelGirl⁩ ⁦@weebutmightiest⁩ 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians...did the Palestinians have a decision in this like Netanyahu did @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
@PamelaMassetti It's mu pinned tweet. 
From opinion: The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Always funny Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Snort... - once again, the Bee scoops the major media outlets... 
How did the 2017 tax reform influence each individual/family? via 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally @TnBee 
@GranadosCeja She’s calling him an “unelected figure.” The national assembly is legitimately elected, which is why Maduro is moving against it – that and he wants to bring in foreigners to run the oil industry #cdnpoli 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. I disagree , the house provided no due process , nor had any evidence to impeach! Just another reason to keep it all going indefinitely ! 
The diplomatic approach is unconventional. The U.S. norm has been to arm-twist the Israelis and bribe the Palestinians with cash. Instead the Trump Admin has supported Israel unapologetically. 
Sounds legit 
#House of the Day: A Greenwich home where nature is front and center. via 
@TomBevanRCP @benshapiro It’s satire. 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
The hypocrisy is astounding! #QuidProQuoJoe #WheresHunter #ShamImpeachment Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Update: per the @wsj McConnell doesn't have the votes to stop witnesses). And... scene. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
A whole new genre of "sharing the gospel" porn is about to, um, erupt - 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Mortgaged to the hilt for a half-built home: a real-estate bust squeezes India’s middle class via 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
"The researchers estimate 50,413 avocado-related knife injuries occurred from 1998 to 2017, with more than half of them—27,059—happening since 2013." via 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
My hero 🤮😡 
» Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday | 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@NehemiahMfg with the help of @CincinnatiWorks help provide true #SecondChances to those with a criminal record - around 80% of their employees. @jennykim 
Beautiful 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Impeachment News: GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic #ImpeachmentTrial After Realizing It's #TacoTuesday 🌮 
Still good. // #Psychology Comes To Halt As Weary Researchers Say The Mind Cannot Possibly Study Itself 
Falling Yields Drive Bond Buyers to #REIT Stocks via @MattWirz 
The Boeing 747 Turns 50 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
@hunter_penn_h Picking up the slack in the meantime: 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
Casino operator Penn National plans to take 36% stake in Barstool Sports; incl. ex­cl. rights to use Barstool brand in its sports-bet­ting prod­ucts. PN would pay $135M in cash/$28M in stock. Deal val­ues Barstool at $450M. (⁦⁩) #SportsBiz 
HAIL GANGTHOR THE MALEVOLENT! LONG MAY HE REIGN!!! 
@GailDow12 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Mag asked six luminaries about silence. @BillieJeanKing takes time each day to be silent &amp; reflect to keep her centered &amp; sparks creativity. Visualizing success was critical to her win in the famous tennis Battle of the Sexes. She continues to inspire! 
What are we doing guys 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
The Trump campaign's push for attention from local media reveals a strategic goal: to shift focus of coverage in as many places as possible away from events dominating national media, like the impeachment trial 
Real New Yorker Folds Slice Of Cheesecake In Half Before Eating 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney #comedy #reality 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity - insightful from ⁦@tparti⁩ &amp; ⁦@dnvolz⁩ 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
This is why we are writing a new book: #HeartDisease is striking more young, seemingly healthy adults as the @wsjhealth reports, highlighting the importance of early detection &amp; treatment to save lives &amp; hearts! #wellness #prevention #health #healthcare 
WHEN YOU GOT PEEPS LIKE MITTY &amp; DEMS LIKE PELOSI, SCHUMER, SHIFF, NADLER &amp; MORE BE GRATEFUL WE HAVE A COUNTRY. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home 
Well Gee, Babylon Bee....We'da Neva Known! 😉 
@jasoncrawford If words aren’t tied to very precise meanings their meanings drift over time. John McWhorter has written some interesting things along these lines on how difficult it is to understand Shakespeare: 
Ecommerce giant #Amazon announced they are doubling down on investment in #Israel as a gateway to manufacturer #fulfillment and logistics for the growing #UAE product market. Analysts estimate the market at $4.8 billion in sales. #GlobalBusiness #reesmarx 
@QArmyRanger @USMCVet4Trump @EdwardTHardy @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the propaganda. I prefer factual sources. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
One French firm that audits dam safety refused to sign off on the dam. So Vale shopped for another firm. 
My teen asked for wireless buds for Christmas. I gave it a 100% chance of loss within first six weeks. This is a good buy when he has his first summer job. 
John Kerry &amp; Cliton knew Hunter Biden's correction 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Are the Dems crazy. First is was Russia, then Trump now we the People may tamper with the Election. They’re Evil and need to ALL BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE in 2020! #VoteRedToSaveAmerica 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women via 
Must. Have. 
Precisely 😂 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
@Kennymack1971 Reminds me of this from after Obama's election. 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
Hey @StormyDaniels is that true 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
#Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby #MAGA #IMPOTUS 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears. 
Truth! Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
In her off-camera life, actress Zazie Beetz is a vocal sustainability advocate and lover of natural skincare (she’s a spokesperson for True Botanicals). She even makes her own shea oil body butter and whips up kombucha.  
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Coronavirus Tests Market’s Faith in Global Economy - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
@CillizzaCNN could host 
WHO gives a boost to Beijing after criticism at home of its handling of new coronavirus, but new travel barriers and alerts illustrate fears around the globe that China may not be doing enough to contain Wuhan outbreak via 
@MichealConraoi Well of course. 
Crackdown on US researchers with undisclosed $$ ties to #China (e.g. undisclosed grants, paid positions) yields another criminal complaint, against #Harvard chem chair/2019 Welch Award winner/nano scientist Charles Lieber. via : 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Romney was busted this morning for bringing contraband chocolate milk onto the Senate floor. (Can confirm BYU's chocolate milk is really good.) 
Video-sharing app TikTok, popular for its whimsical content, is getting increasingly political 
Biden: 'Republicans May Have Standards, But We Have Double Standards' | 
Former band geeks now in the workplace. My heart: 
AR-16 is just an AR-15 with a better paying job, more affordable health care, loves behind a safe wall. 
⁦@Viking_Iron_Maj⁩ Thoughts? 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
#SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | And Jeffery Damher was just tasting people to make sure they hadn’t spoiled 
Tips To Improve Your Skiing #sarcasm #article 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment onlinemarketing entrepreneurs 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@WayneBrady ... did it in 2000. 
That's a major slip up 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent COMMUNISM KILLS! By merely deleting words of warning on Social Media. An inhumane system to stamp out! 
It's one thing to hire formerly incarcerated people. It's another to position them for success. Great story about how Ohio's Nehemiah Manufacturing is doing just that and rebuilding lives. 
@DTCahill @Luke4Tech Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@Debbie56111656 @realDonaldTrump @melissaadams53 @AriFleischer The harrowing, heartbreaking story. 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... 
Xi Jinping's move to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus response turns a rare spotlight on Li Keqiang, once seen as a force for liberalization until he was sidelined. Xi could insulate himself from public anger by making Li take the blame. @JNBPage 
@theuncomforta13 @DebraRinehart53 @MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump It was Clinton. Did you forget the collapse was due to housing. Clinton thought everyone should be a homeowner even if they could t afford it. He gutted regulations and encouraged Fannie and Freddie to lend to everyone 
Has this story been verified? Haven’t seen it in the MSM but seems plausible. Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers ⁦⁩ #NYC #NewYork #NewYorkCity #RealEstate #Housing 
Tinder is adding a panic button for dates that are going badly. via 
"Later, Lemon and the geese went out for lattes and studied geography." 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
still the best artcle 
So Stunning and Brave Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
: Let's here from John Bolton, via #mtpol 
🤣😂🤣 BEST work EVER by 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Is this his whole reason for being? Hes only worried about the next election instead of the damage hes doing to this Country! 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
@realDonaldTrump will have to deal with the truth! @Ufc26 @carlquintanilla McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
SCOOP: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses via 
@realDonaldTrump Don’t look now but things just got worse... 
Oops. @SenMcSallyAZ and GOP colleagues say the quiet part out loud: They oppose a fair Senate trial with witnesses, because it might hurt their political career. #azsen 
.@CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Today it is a joke. Tomorrow?....:. 
Saudi Prince courted Amazon's Bezos before bitter split 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
.Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
"That criticism keeps appearing on social media…speaks to the challenge that Beijing faces…'Even an authoritarian government needs to take into account public opinions,' said one editor at the official Xinhua News Agency." @Lingling_Wei 
Concerns about the deadly new #coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Employers are paying attention to workers’ office-design concerns. A McDonald’s app lets staffers pick temperature settings, including “I’m comfy.” via 
@paulsmithcalvin @realBrentJ @drtraductor @cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Aww, bless your heart. It was in accordance with US policy. 
Opinion Journal: Comey’s Clinton Immunity Deals CORRUPTION AT WORK😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Art of the Deal, Palestine Version 
.: "State attorneys general will meet with U.S. Justice Department attorneys ... to share information on their respective probes of ... #Google ... a step that could eventually lead to both groups joining forces." 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Hilarious 
Re Peolsi and @senatemajldr, @wjmcgurn asks why "press treats her as some Machiavellian virtuoso" and he "gets few favorable profiles." Perhaps we see she didn't want to impeach until Trump crossed a line that had to be drawn clearly to protect democracy. 
They called him mad at the university!!! 
As #Roundup settlements talks heat up, .@FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati talks to the about trial strategy and next steps with the #MDL by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender 
I guess there's even more cases: Any recommendations how we stem this threat? 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks I absolutely love the ⁦⁩ 
"All those rich-types in high-tax states have been pushing the federal government to raise taxes on rich-types. So it did, by reducing the SALT deduction. OK, so they got their wish... a chance to pay more taxes. And they're complaining about it?" 🙈 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
House Democrats use impeachment defense team's arguments against Trump in tax returns case 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus #iasen 
Critics often blame today’s socialist surge on millennials’ laziness. Edward Glaeser argues that young people have radicalized politically because the modern American economy isn’t working all that well for them. via 
@SenSchumer You should be whining to your comrade Pelosi about that, Chuckie. This Schu-Schiff-Sham-Show is all due to her total incompetence. And just like the Kavanaugh hearings, the Mueller report, and the Mueller hearings, you will lose ... again. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Yo, this dude was pretty good: 
#ECU4842 The analytics collected from this feature might provide #PESTEL technological analysis on common characteristic of predators. Might give AI researchers a #opportunity for training systems to find predator accounts on different apps / contexts. 
In Canada, Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Bernie Sanders Arrives In Hong Kong To Lecture Protesters On How Good They Have It Under Communism 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
"At press time, Buttigieg had resorted to doing his campaign’s 'High Hopes' dance in an effort to stay warm." 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags | 
Maybe it’s just been overtaken by Trump derangement syndrome, but for the first time in years the main narrative is not one of American decline. 
You Can’t Make This Shit Up! 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses WISH THEY DIDNT HAVE THE VOTES TO AQUIT THIS IDIOT! ONLY GOOD NEWS IS WE DONE HAVE TO HAVE PENCE &amp; MOTHER FILL IN 
🇺🇸 Upheaval in retail world sets stage for Texas foreclosure battle 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
@brianstelter Tater! They're on to you! 
LOL. Maya MacGuineas going to be on Sunday TV to give Paul Ryan another fiscal responsibility award? 
Back in the good ole days when we killed each other with stones, clubs, swords, catapults and the like! 🙄😆 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
When patriots spot false flag indicators ahead of time and expose them, deep state is forced to call the events off. #PatriotsFight #Winning 🇺🇸👊 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You I WANT ONE!! 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
My heart breaks for people suffering and having to choose between food and survival over citizenship. 
The GOP needs to reclaim the mantel of fiscal responsibility 
"We don't want them to change anything..." | @SethDillon 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
If there's any sanity in the world then all the horror this latest flu outbreak is creating will lead to one singular, massive policy change: a PERMANENT ban on the sale of wild land-animals, dead or alive, in China's food markets. Cannot come soon enough 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
As dental hygienists we can screen for depression and have those conversations with our patients. Don’t be afraid to ask if they have suicidal thoughts and if they have resources for help. #suicideprevention 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
#LuxuryRealEstate in the #Washing #DC metro area sets a new bar with the sale of of the home of #AOL co-founder #JamesVKimsey for $45M 
Donald Trump is definitely the king of debt! This is alarming. The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣TRUE: Fake/Corrupt News Media &amp; DemoKKKrats were BEGGING God so hard that violence would break-out &amp; someone would get injured or killed😡 that they ALMOST convinced observers that they believe in God... 
lol, this is the perfect take on the hypocritical Centrist freak out over Rogan's 'endorsement' of Bernie Sanders: Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
#WR: The delay allowed the disease to spread rapidly as medical staff took fewer precautions. One patient with coronavirus reportedly infected 14 hospital staff members in Wuhan. " via 
Never thought I'd see a picture of an ex-boyfriend in the Wall Street Journal, I have to admit. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
America deserves to know the truth. If you agree, contact your Senators and demand they vote yea on #WitnessesandDocuments. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Well there goes my travel plans!!! Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession via 
Damn, we might actually get to hear from Bolton. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
To get around virus-stricken Wuhan, Louisiana native Benjamin Wilson only steps out with a facemask, gloves and extra layers. When he gets home, he wipes everything down in antibacterial soap. “I’m just trying to minimize exposure to other people.” 
I know that this is the and all but I wouldn’t be surprised if this came from a mainstream news source 
@washingtonpost Confirm story that @SenateGOP don't have the votes? 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
: d78ac361-b74a-49d9-b9e5-9eadf35eb54c 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The Pan American Health Organization, or PAHO, another reason to gut the U.N. as it is aiding in human trafficking. @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters by @sharonterlep 
New CFO, corporate growth and getting ready for first IPO. Outsource your due diligence to @LexProResearch before going public and hire experts in the field of background research and corporate investigation. #RiskManagement 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
President Rouhani threatened to resign if the armed forces didn’t take responsibility for shooting down the plane. He also criticized the Guardian Council, saying disqualifying reformists and moderates threatens #Iran's democracy and national sovereignty 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
So all along Trump has just been spreading the Good Word, not his seed. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign #CNNfakeNews This CRAP is the reason that CNN's ratings SUCK! 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses This might get interesting. 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Wow.... Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
U.S #Hospitals Are Ill-Prepared For The #Coronavirus VIA 
Ordering prescriptions online - cut out the middle man - how will this impact vaccination rates? 
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company via 
Researchers Discover Cure For Man Bun 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
: AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
I will have to add this to my 1984 unit. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Paul decided he would try 𝘥𝘦𝘮𝘰𝘤𝘳𝘢𝘵𝘪𝘤 stepping on a rake, where his friends all vote on whether he steps on the rake... 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
How do passionate defenders of what they imagine the Constitution to mean not get the Senate runs the impeachment trial and this is the chance to make up for a supposedly unfair House impeachment? Like they can’t all be that dumb right? Also, reference. 
Roger Federer Worried Fans Only Like Him For His Tennis Record 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Well well..... #ImpeachmentHearings 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Reformed Man Deeply Suspicious Of Any Book Less Than 200 Years Old | 
A must read. False Prophet 
This is awesome! Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Tech: Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Great to be a part of the standardizing privacy with Microsoft, Apple, and others. At @GoBeep, we’re ready day one. 
Time to #fixthedebt 
Big scoop: McConnell tells R senators he *doesn’t* have votes to block witnesses. John Bolton, come on down ... 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks #MAGA #TRUMP 
And the fallout widens. Now Boeing supplier Arconic is weighing job cuts amid MAX production halt. 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Mediobanca to Buy Non-Performing Italian Loans from Deutsche Bank - 
If it were discovered that Trump is a pedophile, I wonder how long it would take them to convince themselves that pedophilia is actually “sharing the gospel”. My guess would be less than 10 minutes. I’m not saying he is but a lot of people are saying… 
@PabloDiablo99 @carolineroyce @northerly_mag Keep telling yourself that and I'm sure you will affirm your opinion. Here's the first national coverage of the name change. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Democrat Schiff ridicules CONSTITUTION: "When the Founders wrote that FOUNDER DOCUMENT THING, they never IMAGINED there would be electoral outcomes that Democrats did not AGREE with." 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
14th-Century Solutions to Student Debt - The Wall Street Journal 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
I'm starting to wonder if they set him up now. 
Ever wonder where the banning of rights came from? Take the current VAgina move to ban guns; this has a birth in biblical times. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
ROFLMFAO @CNN @donlemon Your Satire is so hilarious In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Instead of renaming the Boeing 737 MAX, Boeing needs to go overboard in making the plane safe to restore its reputation. via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Liberals say Sanders' acceptance of Rogan endorsement sends a dangerous message he's trying to win the election. Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Prominent Evangelical Magazine Calls For Removing Trump From Holy Trinity 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
A little too close to the truth, @GOP. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
: f2a5f04a-ebcb-4709-be39-6cba974b4444 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election *Satire*, but so close to their mindset!!! 🤨 ⁦@DNC⁩@ABC⁩ ⁦@CBSNews⁩ ⁦@CNN⁩ ⁦@NBCNews⁩ ⁦@MSNBC⁩ ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ ⁦@SenateGOP⁩ 
@MaineMartin3 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
"Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child" BTS 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, Iran’s leadership strives to heal rifts opened amid protests and U.S. pressure 
Private Photos of Indicted Donor Depict Ties to Trump, Giuliani 
Taylor Swift’s ‘Lover’ Wins Grammy For Best Children’s Album 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The Christian Right, boys and girls. Run as fast as possible if you come across it. Oy vey... 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
Johns Hopkins University is blowing up its business-school curriculum via The further dehumanization of medical care, and inappropriate adoption of the rush to big sata that is dstroying care. 
@JFullerPolicy @khgottesman @mammagucchi @ScottPresler @HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge. .@HillaryClinton 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces Haha!! Couldn't resist. 
$UVN Univision Suitor Seeks to Recruit CBS Chief to Front Bid 
@JohnPlayerNo6_1 Here's why: 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Investors flee to safer assets as they grapple with the spread of the deadly coronavirus via 
Lynda Spiegel on "Why Job Seekers Should Use First-Person Résumés" #curate #packs 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters - 
In her latest book, “From the Oven to the Table,” British cookbook author Diana Henry celebrates the set-it-and-forget-it ease of sheet pan dinners and their brethren 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@AliceAvizandum There's just a certain innocence about this one 
"We've admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly, &amp; we're thrilled to have them under 's umbrella" "When you can't compete with hilarious satire like CNN, you obviously look for ways to get them on your team 
The latest on the NYS #Marijuana #Cannabis #Weed #CBD legislative landscape - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 😆😉 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@VoteBlue4Us @pirateannie16 @StephenBright @WhiteHouse Our Goverment is forcing evacuees to pay back the goverment for the plane flight!!! read the article! 
It’s inevitable that the coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via 
@AmrithRamkumar markets Likewise, as noted by @Spencerjakab in @wsjheard, US natural gas producers might be facing a prolonged price slump due to very low midwinter prices -- 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
who needs we love katamari reroll when you have the 
Kobe &amp; the rest of the passengers were all really great members of the community. This is such a Tragedy. The rips and holes in the fabric of so many lives will remain for so long. I just don’t get it sometimes. When good goes away and bad prevails. #kobe 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller #MAGA #TRUMP 
Yes according to Adam Schiff and @DNC just by A LEGAL American citizen exercising their right to vote is tampering with the elections. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Those impeaching Jews, Schiff, Nadler and Schumer, are only too aware of the dangers that threaten corruption through democracy at the ballot box. 
@StormyDaniels, you are both astute and funny and I look forward to your response to this absurdity :) 
@KFILE me rn 
Heard of Occam's Razor, "Reverend" @JimBakkerShow? Donald Trump takes a porn star into a hotel room. Besides, Donald Trump couldn't explain the Gospel. Ask him to. Jim Bakker: 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With Porn Star' 
NEW: Our piece on the 3 big China cases today alleging 1) Harvard chemistry chair lied re millions in Chinese funding 2) PLA official used Boston University as base to study U.S. military 3) Researcher tried to sneak vials to China in a sock w @aviswanatha 
😂😂😂 Study Finds 68% Of Americans Unprepared For Sudden Financial Stability 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Career risk for capital allocators also an implication here. 
The crisis we're not talking about: the current admin is both cutting taxes and increasing spending, digging us into a rather deep hole. #nationaldebt 
.@senatemajldr Derangement Syndrome is strong, but it's only because he keeps beating the @SpeakerPelosi and her liberal allies. #KYSen 
@tracyalloway @TianChen95 @SofiaHC1 Who says freedom and democracy has nothing doing with economy and finance? Remember #China was arresting 8 people in Wuhan in December for spreading "rumours" about the #coronavirus, and keep the news from the public. 
@Donz0 @GOPLeader Laughable. Obama's own SD, among others raised concerns. "Fire the prosecutor or you won't get the money" Obvious QPQ w/Biden. Trump had every right to vett the situation. Released aid early + Military aid. Impeachment is a total scam. #FakeImpeachment 
#FICO is changing the way it calculates #CreditScores . The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans 
@FoxFriendsFirst @ToddPiro Meanwhile 4 more Americans were killed defending this country..were is the sorrow or attention fir these heroes? 
Letters: In Waters vs. Dershowitz, Maxine Has the Better Impeachment Case via 
6. Watch the battle between the US Commerce Department and the US Department of Defense, which currently disagree on how to approach a containment strategy for Huawei: 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
@UnabashedMisfit @cranstonl1972 @MoveOn @AOC Also: 
Newmont’s push to attract more investors comes after Barrick Gold made inroads with its $6 billion acquisition via 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
According to @MarketWatch, I should retire to the Mount Vernon-Anacortes, Washington area. 
Abacus porn is the best porn. No buffering! 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via I’ll believe it when I see it!! 
No he's just gone too far. 
@CullenYossarian In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Satire @RepAdamSchiff, @HouseDemocrats, @SenateDems, @DNC that hits pretty close to the truth. "Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election." 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Embracing passion and knowing your customer's needs can get you ahead in business. 
So that’s why Jim had that smile on his face the day he was released from prison! 😳 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Relaxation Guide For Stressful Times - 
Most adults I know don’t want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? But roast it and it can be delicious. 
I Do Not See a Tax Increase in the Near Future - CBO: Federal deficits to exceed $1 trillion indefinitely (Washington Examiner) 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@jevvyfresh Ayo can we somehow @ all these twitter politicians that be regurgitating information they got off 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. #OneVoice1 ⁦ #wtpTEAM #RemoveandIndictTrumpNOW 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
Maybe a break. Regardless, keep calling. Senator @JohnBoozman: (202) 224-4843 @SenTomCotton: (202) 224-2353 Switchboard: (202) 224-3121 #ARpx 
(4) on Twitter: "Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election / Twitter 
Really? I'll bet that trump doesn't know any gospel 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat #MAGA #TRUMP 
'1984' Moved To Current Affairs Section 
: f99ce8c5-36a2-4678-be9a-24a6dcc6fb62 
Will Canada follow UK, as it often does with Huawei? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
This plan gives the Palestinians an opportunity to achieve independent state by their own No Palestinians or Israelis will be unrooted from their homes Oman, Bahrein and the United Arab Emirates support the #MiddleEastPeacePlan 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu drops his request for immunity from prosecution on corruption charges, setting the stage for a criminal trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth: Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding By Aruna Viswanatha and Kate O’Keeffe 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
We spoke to @tinashe about crafting the album "Songs For You" and staging a radical do-over in her career. 
#Recipe for a #Cake Seriously Worth the Splurge - The Wall Street Journal 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape #Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via #CoronaVirus 
Not inaccurate. #EliManning 
I spent years of my life fighting terrorists in the ME. I'm glad to see President Trump taking such a proactive approach to find a peaceful solution. It's time for Palestinians to reject the extremists who wish to harm Israel, USA &amp; fellow Palestinians 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
Weird Kid Opts To Sit Perfectly Still, Let Universe Decide His Fate After Teacher Instructs Class To Pair Up 
@realDonaldTrump Nope! 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Is it ever OK to go barefoot on a plane?: - 
Is small beautiful? Grocery Delivery Goes Small With Micro-Fulfillment Centers - Wall Street #ecommerce #retailinnovation #grocerydelivery 
Can a Harvard University Professor be Smart and Stupid at the same time? Yes. Charles Lieber, the Chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department arrested for SPYING for #China. 
LVMH Sales Powered by Fashion, Leather Goods - Wall Street Journal 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
McDermott International’s existing lenders are providing the chapter 11 loan 
Maybe McConnell and most GOP Senators would prefer Pres Pence but can’t admit it publicly bcz GOP voters threw out traditional Republicans/conservatives after 20 years of the trickle-down lie? GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
@JaySekulow #WitnessesAndDocuments are necessary for any trial, especially those with first hand information like Sondland, Bolton, Mulvaney and Duffey. The Bidens have no knowledge of what Dumpf did. This is not about them. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Like Warren G. Harding, Joe Biden is running on a return to normalcy. And it’s working, even if some of his ideas aren’t really unifying, writes @kyleopeterson via 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
CNN Reveals Bernie Sanders Running For President Of Country With History Of Sexism 
@CoveringDelta The replies to that post are incredible. Gave me a hearty chuckle after having seen this Babylon Bee post earlier today: 
Tch, since hasn't posted this, it's my time to shine. 
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received." [Was rated as top chemist in the world. ] 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela | | 
Bankrupt grocery chain Lucky’s Market won court approval to use the cash of majority shareholder and secured lender Kroger to operate 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
“Nobody believes these tolls are going to remain truck tolls,” said GOP Senate Minority Leader Len Fasano. 
3/5 Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Every time I go into a bathroom with a beachy theme I immediately think of this 
4/5 High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Coming 🔜 to @Tinder dates #panicbuttons and #safety #checkins. 💁‍♀️ @engageyouthco 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@nycsouthpaw I’m glad some @SenateGOP have defected. But as per @neal_katyal none of this was required if John Roberts wasn’t such a coward. Time to step up, Chief, and look good for history. 
Fast and efficient fulfillment, small footprint. @jensmith writes about our micro-fulfillment platform in : "Companies trying to get closer to customers and keep costs down turn to smaller sites heavy with automation." 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
@CarrieDDahl @NatetheGrate17 @libby4adime @IchBinDurstig @flybabymoni @JohnFugelsang @Ummmmichelle @WombatSocho @ChrisLoesch @americangrace Check out this article. I pull it out every time someone touts the superiority of conservative policy. The most accurate predictor of the Bush years was satire, it's so bad. And trump is Nush on steroids. 
@FinancialTimes Who says freedom and democracy has nothing doing with economy and finance? Remember #China was arresting 8 people in Wuhan in December for spreading "rumours" about the #coronavirus, and keep the news from the public. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
@pigneedle Trump did not run a popular vote campaign so how did HRC “win” this irrelevant metric. SuperBowl won by total yards gained? No. 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Zher was not available for comment. 
Capital One Hack Hits the Reputation of a Tech-Savvy Bank 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Impatient Man Forced To Wait To Have Sex Until Wife Finished Giving Birth 
This is simply quite weird 🧐 
And, he added, we won't find them in David Yarnold's attic! (ICYMI: (as you can probably tell, we like to have fun at @audubonsociety ) 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Cleveland Clinic and Geisinger are among hospital chains using machine learning to predict who is likely to develop sepsis 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Global health and business: “Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact” 
Oh the absurdity 😂 
@World_In_Mins 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
Op-Ed: I Admit That I Have Absolutely No Idea What I’m Doing—But You Better Believe I’m Going To Ride Out This Wave Just As Long As It Lets Me and my Teeth Last 
They are trying to infect the USA..U.S. sets evacuation plan from China’s locked-down coronavirus-infected Wuhan via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Air Force Crash in Taliban Territory 
A year old, but still a good example of what people will make up to cover for you... 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead #comedy #people 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize #BREAKING #news 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers via 
Shadow Banks Come Into the Light in Global Lending - #GoogleAlerts 
@SherriaVestal @phillip_olsson @RudyGiuliani And here's an article for you 
If anyone wants to bet that we won't be massively over that projection well before they project it, please let me know... via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
I will take all the vintage fur coats. Mail them to me. via 
@justinamash I guess @justinamash is a liar. Sad. "The House declined to subpoena him (Bolton) in an effort to move quickly and not get bogged down in court fights." 
news that npr will not tell you about. 
‘Employers are getting creative’: Caterpillar, Raytheon and other companies are offering more relocation benefits to lure far-flung new hires. via 
Stop the cover up #MoscowMitch. Grow a pair. Get out of the sewer. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Veterinarian Wishes Owner Would Just Let Dog Answer One Goddamn Question 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response as Travel Barriers Rise 
The chair of Harvard's chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint with failing to disclose that he received Chinese government funding 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose Lol,you democrat twits are messing with the wrong guy... 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
“I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed via 
@KyleClark @SenCoryGardner Well we know where @CoryGardner stands now... #copolitics #cosen 
With growing public backlash over privacy issues, Silicon Valley executives are now publicly calling for new laws and hoping to help steer the outcome as much as possible #BCSTT 
Unfortunately not shocking based on what we've observed working with younger workers and understanding their communication styles (text not talk). reports they feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
@GOP @IvankaTrump Trump's cuts: $1.5 trillion from Medicaid $845 billion from Medicare $25 billion from Social Security Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
Companies restructuring to get out from under US sanctions...something that happens when a board member or director is the subject of sanctions. 
Sen. Rick Scott airs anti-Biden ad in Iowa 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@AndyRichter Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Democrats%2520Warn%2520That%2520American%2520People%2520May%2520Tamper%2520With%2520Next%2520Election YOU DEMOCRATS ARE SICK AND RETIRED 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Very common across east Asia. Quite scary too. The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
@kubakipper @SenTinaSmith Some chains... 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Unnecessary mutual fund expense ratios cost traders a bagillion dollars a year. 
Hahahahahahaha....catches breathe...Bwahahahaahaha! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 😂 
@Peglet13 @Cynthia34318447 @KashifNYC @JrViele @RobVTaylor @ABC Withholding aid or deferring aid does not break the law. The Prez has constitutional authority to withhold aid. And if we go by your logic why was Obama not impeached as the GAO specified he “broke the law”. #LiberalHypocrisy 
😂😂 LOVE Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Child Who Just Lost Balloon Begins Lifelong Battle With Depression 
What happens now? We still don't know. Ideally, Senators get to ask questions. and additional evidence is entered into the record, such as witnesses called to testify. It is likely that the Senate will vote against witnesses and move on, but... 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic #Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's #TacoTuesday 
In #Italy, fans, friends and players remember #KobeBryant, the #NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
We know what "streamlining operations" means - and it's bad news for workers. 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Big year coming up for Sikorsky. via 
The Tax Increases to Come via Is this what you want for the future? 
Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's manuscript last year, but wasn't briefed on its contents, sources say. He first learned about Bolton's allegations when the New York Times contacted the White House on Sunday. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Stocks to Watch: Juniper Networks, Whirlpool, Brown Brown 
(Although In fairness to Chris, yesterday in covering the impeachment, he impressed me by basically admitting that Hunter Biden’s dad may or may not be the frontrunner or the best to take on Trump and that it actually may be Bernie) 
@WillaoWoman @senatemajldr Lol 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects. So the #RepublicanParty is no longer interested in fiscal responsibility 
HAHAHA!! On difference between these two is Babylon Bee is actually funny! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Kobe Bryant's helicopter lost touch with air-traffic controllers when it climbed to 2,300 feet as the pilot attempted to avoid a cloud layer. Chopper began a descending left turn and crashed into the hills of Calabasas at roughly 1,085 feet above sea level 
****WHAT?!****Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; 
#Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor #Israeli Goals. Detailed blueprint outlines how to resolve issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
In case you need a little levity, @HilaryClinton and have you covered. I Am Fun 
To leave or not to leave. The internal US debate about its role in the Middle East: From @Martin_Indyk From @FishereEzzedine 
@maryam_lcsw @nytimes It’s a joke referencing his old piece that, unfortunately, actually used that racist phrase about Arabs: 
Baby killing Gov Blackface-the tyrant Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men 
: Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong AirPod, App Sales 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Civil Whites Movement 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Let the witnesses speak! GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Got'ta Luv BabylonBee After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings #iNCNF @NFofSC @AJChwick @ZENINEWS @NewRightNetwork @EtheElephant1 @EpochTimes 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
The Tax Increases to Come via 
What happened to "Truth in Advertising"? 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders Rose in December 
The micro fulfillment center is a trend I'm watching closely. These will completely change the way we view on-demand e-comm. How quickly will retail adopt? Will smaller companies turn to a local 3pl or new micro fulfillment? #SupplyChain #logistics 
Experts Warn We Have Only 12 Years Left Until They Change The Timeline On Global Warming Again 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat | 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
😂🤣 Cap the Pebble manufacture! 
Why Tech Firms Flock to Expensive Cities 
I said Hunter was not someone you would want to hire Why? Hunter was dishonorably disch from the Military Then all these Lefties say "that's not true" So I pull up the Wall Street Journal link to the article 
The U.S. hopes to complete a new trade agreement with the U.K. by the end of this year, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
It's a good day. Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - The Wall Street Journal. Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
Gastrobar operator Bar Louie closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Satire Tweet #4 () "Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land" 
"Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado, Martha McSally of Arizona and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, who face competitive races in the fall, warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses." via #AZSEN 
This actually sounds like something Northam would say. That's why it's funny. And sad. 
Excited to follow the evolution and growth of ⁦@sparkbeyond! —&gt; SparkBeyond⁩ Says Its AI Can Autonomously Tackle Business Problems, by ⁦⁩ #ai #patterns #insights #startupnation #israel 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
@ryangrim : Buttigieg deputy cybersecurity chief Raul Velez Jr. “said that his experience working for Mr. Buttigieg showed him that political campaigns were toxic and populated by 'ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.'” 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Discover God's Will For Your Life With This One Weird Trick! 
Interesting bit in this story on Moscow's support of Venezuela briefly highlights Trump admin's reluctance to impose sanctions on Russian enterprises. This kept Venezuela’s oil and gold flowing to buyers, keeping Maduro in power. 
@medstudentmom @ChrisMurphyCT @maniseku P.S. think of the victims and stop keeping self-abuse a secret! 
Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments. Complicated by Bolton Reports President’s team expects Tuesday’s session to last for only a couple of hours. 
Here's a #mustread link posted last week See the rest at 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@joncoopertweets @BernieSanders Bernie did not rein in his supporters in 2016 when they were getting out of hand there is no way he's going to do it now. He's too much like Trump. They both operate from the opposite ends of the extreme crazy spectrum. 
@thehill GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Real-estate startups are retreating from a growth-at-all-costs model, casting aside an approach that has worked for many internet companies but has sputtered in the concrete world of office buildings and lodging properties. 
C'mon Don... you campaign on the deficit... we have zero unemployment in an economic boom, with a Republican Senate...and we go another trillion deep? U.S. deficit tops $1 trillion in first 11 months of fiscal year, Treasury says via 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak #CCP #China 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
I'm wasn't raised as a Christian, but I was always under the impression the gospel was a lot longer. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
CAN @snopes VERIFY THIS?! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Conservatives have pledged to support the non-amendable bill to implement CUSMA — but Freeland claims there’s “uncertainty” about whether CUSMA will pass. 
Is China testing nice biological practicality tst of weaker virus before engineering main weapon? Very few Chinese close allies affected the virus @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @USArmy @who @NSAGov @CIA @NIH @CCDC_ChemBio @CDCgov 
YET...……. how many #Dems don't like a circus GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Yeah, OK Jim. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
"Don’t bleed into the guacamole." Super Bowl fans try to avoid avocado-related injuries. 
In%2520Major%2520Deal,%2520The%2520Babylon%2520Bee%2520Purchases%2520Competing%2520Satire%2520Site%2520CNN 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Shokin had *sabotaged* the Burisma investigation, by slow-walking the process until British authorities couldn’t keep freezing assets. (This was one of the things that got people mad!) That’s according to such a left-wing rag, The Wall Street Journal. 
How shameful. The “conservatives” in Congress and the Administration are willing accomplices to the impending fiscal crisis. You have lost all credibility in your arguments for shrinking the size and scope of government. 
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’ #HR #Recruiting #FutureOfWork 
@DonnaFr86776149 @ananavarro Country over party is what I want! I just want the truth, &amp; we need witnesses &amp; docs to get there. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
[Another Freeland foreign failure?] "Venezuela has for now moved to a back burner, an administration official said" #cdnpoli 
@CNN @washingtonpost @nytimes @foxandfriends The #Godfatherinchief knows he can get away with murder. #Republicans #RepublicanCoverUp #RepublicanSenators 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. 
So Trump Was Dicking for Jesus by Raw Dogging A Porn Star Jim Bakker such clever Millionaire Preacher but his Playboy Orgy-Gospel I don’t recognize 🐶 
Breaking news from . "Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election" 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Sekulow: Impeachment “is not a game of leaks and unsourced manuscripts. That is politics, unfortunately.” Schumer: “If you don’t believe the newspaper report, call the witnesses.” Recap of the day's events in the Senate by @rebeccaballhaus @nataliewsj 
Treble Clef Honored With Lifetime Achievement Award During 62nd Annual Grammy Ceremony 
The Gospel With That Porn Star,' ⁦@JimBakkerShow⁩ known from experience Jimmy 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt 
*Pam Bondi is an agent of Qatar. *Michael Cohen was on Qatar's payroll &amp; has direct links to Qatar's royal family (Source 
Yes, yes he was. The man who would describe the trinity as a threesome. Yes, he was sharing the gospel. You need help and electricity should be involved. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via 
How did this person get elected? 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Gotta' love the BEE! 
@Rainmaker1973 @MarsCuriosity reminds me of this... 
.@RamseyShow have you seen the ’s satire on you? 😂 💸 
“They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” Emory's @CharlesDalyMD1 explains about a spike in avocado-related injuries during #SuperBowl guacamole prep 
@MailOnline We are not going to forget how #China was trying to cover this up in December. They arrested 8 people for spreading "rumour" about the virus. Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing was responsible for an initial lack of transparency. 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
"The helicopter carrying Kobe Bryant descended at a rate of 2,000 feet a min and missed avoiding the hills of Southern California by 20 to 30 feet before the “high-energy impact crash” that killed the basketball star and eight others, the NTSB said Tuesday" 
Satire Tweet 3 () "Washboard Player In Jug Band Tired Of Spoons Guy Getting All The Chicks" 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
A frankly astonishing decision by the UK. It’s telling how little success the US is having with this campaign - shows lack of credibility/regard for US &amp; amount of corrupt influence PRC wields: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
😂Yes, it's . "Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden." 
I thought Babylon Bee was supposed to be satire. This one is true. 
The #Trump administration’s bid to replace #Venezuela’s leader hit a wall after a meeting with #Russian officials last year—and hasn't recovered #Diplomacy140 #Putin 
There was peace in the land Before guns. ha ha ha ha 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
@BerningAtheist @Bern4prez1 That's a good idea. I'm going to take a photo of all the Sanders caucus cards and keep it if we need it. Here is a bit about our state's stroke of genius. Ugh 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
There should also be a, “Man finds salvation from screaming man on street corner telling him he will burn in hell.” article. 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
ITS LIT! 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Harold Baines and Derek Jeter are both in the National Baseball Hall of Fame. Back when Jeter broke the Yankee record for hits in a career, this was the funniest thing ever did (and still is): 
What’s normal? Our body temperature seems to be dropping. 
This grifter just doesn’t learn. He went to jail for fraud his followers deserved to be bilked! Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
1. We're not a democracy 2. You are an idiot. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Afghanistan Crash 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"Acquaintances At Happy Hour Break Into Cold Sweat As Mutual Friend Announces She Going To Bathroom" -- holy crap, @IntrovertDear, that's my nightmare. #IntrovertProblems 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
DEVELOPING: Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Some countries could use guidance to justify decisions to allow Huawei’s technology in #5G equipment, while others might do the opposite, expert says via by @catstupp #EuropeanUnion 
Figures. :) 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Watch Live: Trump impeachment trial resumes in the Senate 
What to do, what to do? Hmm 🤔 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Travesty before our eyes! This is what you get for 33 years if service to America?! I THINK NOT! #3STARSTRONG #JusticeForFlynn #ClearFlynnNow #ExonerateGenFlynn #FlynnWasSetUp #FlynnFighters #WhereIsFlynn302 #DigitalSoldiers 
I disliked this marketing stunt from the minute they announced it. 
MTA Chairman Pat Foye was asked, but would not commit that the panel charged with considering exceptions to the congestion pricing tolls would follow the Open Meetings Law. Foye just said there would be “a public engagement process.” Background —&gt; 
Martin Sandoval has agreed to cooperate with federal authorities conducting a broader corruption investigation in Illinois. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
» Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl ad campaign following Kobe Bryant's death 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
@ddale8 Canada still not ratified. 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
"...Stalin was center or center-conservative," she said. "Did Stalin have a Green New Deal...he referred to people with binary pronouns, [he didn't have] drag queen story hours in the gulags." 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ImpeachmentTrial 2020 DJT 
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Hand that shoelace to Ted here b/c he is just as stupid as @AOC 
@GOP Blind leading the blind explained by the blind imo. 
@ChrisCuomo Sandmann says the hosts will be forced to wear the hats until they've learned their lesson, which could take a while. "Just be careful you don't make an expression some could construe as 'smug.' Wouldn't want you to get punched or your lives to get ruined, 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Because the truth still matters. That's why. GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Stephen Miller Hurt At Being Passed Over For Job Stalking Female Ambassador #SmartNews 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@Andrew_Ervin I have backed away from it to a large degree, but not sure I can bring myself to flip the switch. Very clever of them to get our lives so enmeshed in their service before rolling out the evil. I think of this article every day, re. Facebook. 
@Mr_Farenheit_ @kentsomers @bmaz @SmelOdiesOG Man, this is well over 20 years-old. 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus 
Fascinating insight into the Iranian establishment as it faces worst public unrest and anger since 1979. @SuneEngel has more on the rifts within, including *that* moment where President Rouhani left Khamenei's Friday sermon early #Iran 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Seems timely 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Jeff Rooks, another winner for the Bee! 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
#Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Trump Says Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israel, Palestine @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Trump Inauguration Spending Under Criminal Investigation by Federal Prosecutors - why doesn’t RepubMAGA care? 
Soon to be available on ebay 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. ⁦@Chandjay3⁩ 
'There Are More Than Two Genders,' Tortured Employee Forced To Say In Darkened Room At Google Headquarters 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
‘The Elevated Eye: Aerial Photography Past and Present’ Review: The View From Above 
If the Senate calls John Bolton as a witness and the president blocks him, that would plunge the impeachment trial into uncharted legal territory. 
The Wall Street Journal: Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science. 
So now Trump's mushroom d*ck is the gospel? LOL 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
My life, in a nutshell, written as an article: Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman: 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
I have questions. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
🤣🤣🤣 Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
@_E_W__ @SenTedCruz Did Christians pray for this part? 
It's not so much about looking tough as about being concerned they'll bring me in again for a lot of invasive and expensive tests and don't find out anything conclusive about the source of the smoke. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Diverging electability arguments: Warren is pitching herself as the unity candidate who can bridge the party's divides. Bernie says he’s best prepared to beat Trump specifically because he is not trying to win over centrist Dems. w/ @elizacollins1 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
“Never before has there been such a force to transcend the sectarian identity”: @AcrossTheBay 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
The influence of a handful of Obama-era Judges is about to be severely curtailed! Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
@MikeRStephens Reminds me of this 
@LishaChiffon @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Here is the corruption!!!! 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' | 
.⁦opinion⁩ my Tuesday column: remember “tribes with flags”? In Lebanon, Iraq and elsewhere, people are tired of tribalism, ready to rally around the flag 
@Wheezy02012502 @joelockhart @SenJohnKennedy I agree. Because if you are a conservative, you will be voting Democrat in 2020. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake Must be a Democratic Socialist rake! 
Impeachment Trial More Likely to See Witnesses After Bolton Allegations Bolton’s claim goes to heart of the Dems’ impeachment inquiry &amp; contradicts WH stance about decision to hold Ukraine military aid But Bolton can’t testify about talks w Prez! 
"The tally of deaths and infections from the spread of the new coronavirus mounted in China on Friday—with authorities canceling large public gatherings and locking down more cities—as the second U.S. case of the virus was confirmed." $NNVC $INO $NVAX $BCR 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
#Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - #Chinese #theft 
@MisterAntiBully jewish professor arrested the dept of defense may have passed secrets on biological agents 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week. Sounds like Johnson's plan not to mention Brexit after Friday! 
Buckaroo Banzai has finally found the Eighth Dimension! According to televangelist Jim Bakker, Donald Trump has saved Stormy Daniels soul by giving her $130,000 to rescue her from the adult film industry! I can hear the theme song closing the show. 
I love the so much 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
With minority government, Trudeau will have to resort to deal-making to pass USMCA and ensure its enforcement. @wsj 
@EliseStefanik That story is false. It's been refuted. Meanwhile... 
If we've learned nothing else during this divisive time, we can surely all agree brought their A game: Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Democrats' worst nightmare: a fair election. 
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
It takes more than just offering someone a job - understanding the barriers a person faces outside of work and addressing those is key: #workforce #development 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' | 
Come on BERNIE No Peyote Sorry Facahontas Just Kush 
Trump Declares National Emergency After McDonald's Ice Cream Machine Breaks Again 
Israel-Palestine crisis which had defied all solutions may not survive Trump’s antidote giving the practicality of his Mideast peace road map. It’s a win-win solution, a kind of “no winner no vanquish” deal. Trump healing the world as Jackson may say. 
The Vatican is in trouble. Only a fraction of the annual Peter's Pence collection goes to the needy Hard-earned, donated monies are going to administrative costs &amp; more. Fiscal mismanagement, questionable investments are factors #OneVoice2020 #wtpTEAM 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric via 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
Renault is planning to name former Volkswagen executive Luca de Meo as its chief executive at an extraordinary board meeting this week via 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache | 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Outrage After Obama Outed As White Supremacist 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession via 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
New CDC guidance on #coronavirus 
@RepJerryNadler Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax #marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
.@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP &amp; @SenateGOP with their tax cuts have doomed our nation to insolvency worse than what the Soviet Union had prior to it's disintegration. #RepealGOPTaxCuts #SlashMilitarySpending #TaxTheRich #SpendOnOurNation 
Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That. - #txlege #txed 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney" 
Lisa Birnbach and I are having coronaries. Encouraged by the mandate given to Ms Singer to return to classic styling, but her background screams 'Moar Spandex!'. "J.Crew hires former Victoria’s Secret exec Jan Singer as CEO also: 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
Tragedy Mask Clearly Jealous Of Comedy Mask #sarcasm #humor 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election This is supposed to be satirical, but for those Congressmen from CA in sanctuary city districts, this may be absolutely accurate. Something to ponder! 🤔 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects $SPY $QQQ $TLT $DIA 
How Putin outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program.: #Fed #MonetaryPolicy #FOMC #repos #liquidity 
@gifs_bot before we had the technology... 
@ejthies15 @CDCgov Emily: doctors in China are trying out some antivirals on hospitalized patientsto see if they seem to help. Plz see my profile page for additional information resources. 
As the Democrats fight to destroy America, Iraqi fights for their freedom. Iraqis Head to Streets After Security Forces Move to Quash Protests 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
#ThatsGoodBee Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
No. Never. Ever. Ever. "Is It Ever OK to Go Barefoot on a Plane?" 🦶🚫 ✈️ by @jacobwgallagher 
#Myanmar is high financial and reputational risk #Rohingya. Doing business with genocidal country carries a real and increased financial risks to foreign businesses and #investors @BoycottMM @nslwin @FreeRoCoalition @ASEANMP 
Doomsday Clock Set To 100 Seconds To Midnight 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
The fact that this is five years old is sobering: 
» 'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Prince Andrew has denied allegations by a woman who says he had sex with her while she was a teenager. In a statement last year, the prince said he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
God Admits Humans Not Most Impressive Creation 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Charles Murray wants to use IQ+social science to make policy...what could go wrong? @AriSchulman @AdamKeiper 
@RepAdamSchiff says American people are gonna tamper with the 2020 election. 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed #EndMurder 
WH has tried to have it both ways re: Ukraine case: They in­sist no quid pro quo demand for Biden inves­ti­gations made while with­holding aid from Ukraine, &amp; that it would be proper even if there were. Trump de­fense now may have to choose latter argument 
We need a #BalancedBudgetAmendment ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@GOP⁩ ⁦@newtgingrich⁩ ⁦@Heritage⁩ ⁦@CatoInstitute⁩ ⁦@pgpfoundation⁩ ⁦@AFPhq⁩ 
"Politico has identified chocolate milk as Mr. Romney's vice. The brand he brought to the Senate floor on Tuesday was from Mr. Romney's alma mater, Brigham Young University, according to an aide." We agree there's no better drink 🐮 @MittRomney 
@SenSchumer @nytimes We need to hear about Hunter Biden's qualification to be on a Ukraine Energy Company making $50,000/yr. &amp; why his daddy got the prosecutor going after him fired... 
This makes for horrifically harrowing reading 
@ProperOpinion Second-best article ever right here... 
@katalva3 Nope 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
@miriamgottfried Deal between TPG and credit arm TSSP would dissolve ties that have outgrown their usefulness. A "conscious uncoupling" of sorts. 
When Dave Ramsey and the Babylon Bee come together, of course you know @HappyRantPod will be all over it. 
#The: More fact than satire. #SenateImpeachmentTrial #SenateCoverup 
Death Penalty Still Permissible For People Who Drive Slowly In The Left Lane, Pope Francis Clarifies | 
Should I offer a 'satire warning' for Leffy? Nah. Let's wing it! What's the worst that could happen? 
It’s a wakeup call to read the @wsj editorial after the @nytimes’ on Bolton. “There was no crime, and Mr. Trump’s mil­i­tary sup­port for Ukraine con­tin­ues to be far more ro­bust than Barack Oba­ma’s.” 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. 
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. 
Standard. 
Why%20Can%27t%20We%20Return%20To%20How%20Peaceful%20The%20World%20Was%20Before%20Guns? 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
@EnigmaDayna @CNN Here, stick with this news organization. It's perfect for you. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Gardner, McSally and Tillis “warned colleagues in the meeting against backing more witnesses, people familiar with the matter said. The senators said a drawn-out trial could lead to more Democratic attacks and hurt their re-election chances” 
@barneyfarmer @PhilipNByrne Running out of 'Good Old Days' to revive has been a real concern for many years and if we don't take urgent action now we might end up stuck in an eternal miserable present (which is where I've been all my life, coincidentally...). 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
So help me, if this were available for real, my husband would buy this. He’s not a worship leader, but he is a musician, a guitar collector, and increasingly a lover of all thongs plaid. Yeah, I know. But he really is a great guy, so... . 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
I actually love this although its possible I am just annoying 
Man Who Absolutely Trashed Obama For Eight Years Calls For Utmost Respect For President Trump 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth #Entrepreneuership #Startups 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
@RyanAFournier @realDonaldTrump Ahhh - short memories. 
All I can think about when Hillary Clinton critiques someone else's likability 
@TheTweetOfGod Dude. Really? 
Time to stop this crazy impeachment, save taxpayer's money to fee the hungry and homeless live in tents。 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Citing Tough Competition From Amazon, Santa Claus Declares Bankruptcy | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus - 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
‘Aha!’ Shouts Devin Nunes Pulling Back Shower Curtain In Hopes Of Revealing Hidden FBI Agent 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election". Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
'Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science' by @charlesmurray via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@BuddyWinston @SPEAKUPJULIA Did you see this article? 🤣 
If you want to have impact, you have to operate different. Nehemiah has been doing that for a decade and has created tremendous opportunity for folks in Cincy (and now beyond b/c this article will inspire others). The Company of Second Chances 
#The weighs in about #5G 
"If someone is making money in a way that most people do not understand, most people will vote for someone to redistribute that money in a way the most people will understand." Says a subscriber in comment to an article about HFT. 
@nberlat Heaven forbid he reaches millions in that mythical center the most popular platform that reaches them. When calls out the hypocritical absurdity of this drama, you've hit the big leagues 
Wonder if @StormyDaniels' feels the same?? Maybe Jim should take a page from her book, she doesn't 't lie. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' LOL! No worries #Bernie supporters, Killary &amp; the DNC will sabotage Bernie again. 
Relatives Wonder Why Pneumonia Deaths Not in Coronavirus Tally. 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
“Markets drop on Coronavirus fears” suffer from the same narrative fallacy as the “China trade” headlines of 2019. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company( play that game ) 
20 years ago this week from : Catchphrases That Never Caught On 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
Ka-Boom “McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting” 
Dershowitz: Noncriminal Conduct Is Outside Range of Impeachable Offenses via 
Not a great week for Harvard. 
#pretending2read pay attention in this class or this may happen to you SMH 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts: #bonds #BondYields #YieldCurve #REIT #REITs 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via #SeventyFicePercent #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantWitnesses or #GOPExtinction #RIPGOP2020 #GOPCorruptionOverCountry #WillTheGOPBeTraitorsOrPatriots 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ #joke #art 
"The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received" 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
#stableGenius But because they all stem from his opponents’ frustration at his successes — the real effect is to paint Mr. Mc Connell as some sort of evil genius, writes @wjmcgurn 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Nation Shudders At Large Block Of Uninterrupted Text 
Legal Fight Over Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - 
: “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Report: 90% Of Waking Hours Spent Staring At Glowing Rectangles 
@dbongino Big whoop. #TrumpGoinDown #MAGA 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
@HillaryClinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For @TulsiGabbard #Suicide One Day Early - the #BeeSatire is on fire! 🤣🙃😁 
: Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Well thank goodness someone finally cleared that up! 
“These horrible rules created by Barack Obama are one of the worst examples of government overreach in our nation’s history, and they are totally unfair to the deadly lethan known as Gangthor," 
Ohhhh. Is THAT what they're calling jizz these days? "The Gospel"? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost vía 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | . Speaking of fragility, intolerance and ignorance of history. 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ #China Is China is influencing our Universities &amp; #socialistAgenda in US? Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
♥️ 🐝 Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child. 
Social media: Man Always Gets Little Rush Out Of Telling People John Lennon Beat Wife 
Bolton news “unsettled Republican senators and bolstered the odds of a successful vote to hear further witness testimony. Several on-the-fence Republican senators said Mr. Bolton’s claims strengthened the case for further witness testimony ...” 
The organization Baby2Baby has distributed 40 million diapers to date. Three years ago, it moved into disaster relief, helping low-income families affected by hurricanes, wildfires and other catastrophes. 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker, he &amp; Tammy Faye (w/ dark eye liner), tele-evangelist's empire" went belly up. A convincing moment to see stupidity of evangelical leadership...OMG 
Perhaps they were discussing how to properly say Corinthians! ⁦@StormyDaniels⁩ what say you? ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ any comment? #ImpeachmentTrials Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Call them all then. Open it up baby! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Commodity prices slump on coronavirus fears 
HA! Well, well... GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
With casings made in rose gold, these watches have a decidedly rosier outlook. 
"First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring" 
Great move @MittRomney -Sure Dems accused you of tax evasion, letting a woman with cancer die&amp; torturing animals, but SURELY now they'll love &amp; respect you-Groveling bitter slug...GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@realDailyWire yep. And that trend will continue unless ANY one of the Dem candidates are elected. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
The classic coin purse gets an update from designers such as Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs. 
@ChrisCuomo if Greta wants to be part of the conversation, folks are gonna talk about her and to her. 
Hope and Faith. Things to live for. Things that invite unity. Thank you @SenateGOP @SenateDems GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
“From the Oven to the Table” isn’t a utilitarian guide to vegetables and chicken breasts that panders to listicle cuisine; it’s a look at what your cooking life could be—if you had a better-stocked pantry and a life’s worth of patina-laden serving dishes. 
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via 
@brianstelter @maureendowd CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
The Editorial Board: The Supreme Court’s broadside against lower-court mayhem is an important judicial moment. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was charged in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday on allegations that he did not disclose Chinese government funding he received 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030. Sustained federal budget deficits &amp; debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, CBO projected, following multiple rounds of tax cuts &amp; continued increased federal spending. 
Making weekend plans like 
@Mantamanti @marko_ff wait no its from the lmfaoooo 
@NickHintonn Almost certain this was proposed by a staff writer into these topics. Too damn on the nose, cause this is how I remember from past lives this computer first being used on Varth and Mars: 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
An embarrassingly unenviable record, as US government spends ~$2.75 Billion more PER DAY than they tax. National Debt expected to rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects: via 
And the saga continues: #SAVRposts 
I can't tel if this is a parody or not. 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' Talk About Major Delusional Belief! 
Just a friendly reminder homebirth midwives are an undervalued resource for disaster response. Access to skilled maternity care in non-hospital settings can be life saving. #coronavirus #pandemic #diasterresponse #homebirth #midwives @world_midwives 
So woke 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
The former Los Angeles Lakers player made several prominent investments in the tech startup industry through his firm Bryant Stibel 
Entire Meal Consumed While Testing If It Needs More Time In Microwave 
Some anti socialism humor! 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses (Wall Street Journal) 
'The Poison Squad' Review: A Spoonful of Borax Helps the Rancid Meat Go Down - 
@Mazzy_Q @RepMikeJohnson @HouseDemocrats Shameful. 75% of Americans want #WitnessesAndDocuments but Republicans are having way too much fun wasting taxpayer money. They'll bankrupt America before they uphold their oaths of office. Shameful. 
: Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke #satire #article 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses - 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Your Daily Bee~ Former National Security Adviser John Bolton now says he will testify in Trump's impeachment trial in exchange for a large bucket of fish. Throw back #TinaToon 
@MarshaBlackburn "Mr. Bolton is a central fact witness. The story is incomplete without him, and his testimony could prove crucial. He is respected among conservatives, who know him from Fox News; he was U.S. ambassador to the United Nations." 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' I was laughing as soon as I clicked on the link to GET to the article! LOL 
In subsequent tweets, she detailed how "tragic" it was that Gabbard had broken her own kneecaps, stuck her feet in concrete, then tossed herself off the docks near a seedy warehouse. 😂😂😂 
Even after Li Keqiang’s appointment, Xi continued to take top billing in official state media. On the state broadcaster’s main evening newscast Monday, Li’s visit to Wuhan was the third segment; Xi’s latest instructions on the outbreak were the lead item. 
chicken is not a breakfast food don’t @ me 
: Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
The lesson of 1918 is that secrecy can kill. Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster. 
: Church Bassist Dies During Worship Set, No One Notices For Three Weeks 
Great article on Nehemiah Manufacturing in Cincinnati, who primarily hires people with criminal records. People deserve second chances. 
@iamlaurenfox Scorpio | Oct. 23 to Nov. 21 After a long, hard search for a hot meal and a place to sleep, you finally just reheat yesterday’s pizza and sack out on the couch. 
Keep the pressure ON! Your calls and texts are making a difference! 
This will probably get my account flagged again. Sigh... (but too funny) 
Democrats’ War on Fracking Will Cost Them in Battleground States Ohio and Michigan have more than 400,000 shale workers, and Pennsylvania alone has 320,000. via 
advice to the @DMRegister - bury the @nytimes by following the advice of James M. Kilts, CEO and President, The Gillette Company - 
Want help researching entities owned by sanctioned companies &amp; individuals? #FCPA #OFAC50% #OFAC 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE #MAGA #TRUMP 
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Glad this guy will not have to testify at #TrumpsRemovalTrial LOL 
Rythem come on black guys help the white. Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Our #library serves grad students too! Here's this morning's recommended read: article by @lesliebrody explores new @bankstreetedu report “Investing in the Birth-to-Three Workforce” #LearningStartsAtBirth @CarnegieCorp 
Oompa-loompa doompity doo I've got a climate whiner for you... 
⁦@willchamberlain⁩ ⁦@JaySekulow⁩ State Department during Obama Admin Raised Concerns in 2015 Over Bidens. 
Not surprised about how the Coronavirus started and was spread . 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign - @nuzzel 
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’- 
@CNN @MaddowBlog @maddow Racial may have a mind blowing experience reading this. And I think it may not even be fake news, LMAO!! 
Tesla Poised for Dramatic Move After Earnings 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. #HFT #highfrequencytrading Why bother when you can #scam like the folks at #seaquake 
‘He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world . . . in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does.’ via 
"Republican voters have the right to choose which candidate should represent our party. Even if Mr. Van Drew’s switch is sincere, he is the most liberal member of the Republican caucus." #NJ02 
So sad but so true..... 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Much like Brexit itself, plans for a Brexit museum haven’t exactly gone smoothly. “It’s been a bit hit and miss.” via 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
@tedcruz Dude you have to do this 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' If only the founders were as smart as me. 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
The European plane maker has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over their probe into bribery and corruption, lifting a reputational and legal cloud that has hung over the company for years. 
: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
the only good horoscopes are in the 
"We are directing massive resources towards eradicating the slightest hint of any person speaking about the virus, and I promise you that any conversation or literature pertaining to the virus will be completely eliminated during the next seven days." 😂😂 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
@SenRickScott During his tenure as chief executive, the company defrauded Medicare, Medicaid &amp; other federal programs. Dept of Justice ultimately fined the company $1.7 billion in what was at the time largest health care fraud settlement in U.S. history. 
Satire Tweet 4 () "CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus" 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Markets don't appear to believe in the purchase promises in the US-China trade deal, at least as far soybeans are signaling. #trade #Asia 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker . . . How Hilariously Ridiculous 
I mean.. I scream OH GOD sometimes but it sure ain't spreading the gospel. 
@troyd just googled helicopter crash victims and this was one of the first results. 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies 
The Last Flight of #KobeBryant Bryant’s Life - #DRJAMESKEOUGH 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The personal is political afterall. 
The Silicon Valley experiment: Can Google expand dramatically in San Jose without ruining traffic and jacking up housing prices? 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
I’ve got nothing against any of the good boys out there... But it should not be more lucrative to watch someone’s dog than it is to watch their child. 
The Wall Street Journal: New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown. via @GoogleNews 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@ls_johnson I think about this almost every day: 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
The Americans are getting their citizens out of Wuhan. I don't see any move to get Aussies out. . 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
3⃣ U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network – by @MaximColch via Wall Street Journal 
THREAD/4: Sources having found the vital macro-economic benefits of the #FoodStamps/#SNAP program, run by the #USDA, are so varied they are too numerous to fully mention here. But I'll list a few, starting off with a #WallStreetJournal article from 2009: 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Targets Credibility... 
In Flagrante Delecto: Mitt Romney Is Latest Unmasked Internet Lurker - 
Capital spending is still anemic @jdlahart 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Know your B2B buying center &gt; AI initiatives led by the CIO saw value in 17% of cases vs 37% for AI initiatives led by other C-level executives &gt; Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail 
@sandyhockey32 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@joelockhart perhaps u need a history reminder?? And this isnt satire @CNN #CNNisFakeNews 
more of a nightmare... MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
These DHS anti trafficking PSAs keep reminding me of this classic headline 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Husband With Mild Cold Bids Farewell To Family From Deathbed 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
We should have a thoughts and prayers version for 2A enthusiasts who don’t want gun regulations, too 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
@ClenchedFisk 19 years old but still applicable 
It me Health Scare Prompts Man To Start Overeating Healthier 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Check this out @mutualofomaha @GallupNews @ConagraBrands you all are leading the way in these efforts 
irrationally made at this name, as is required for an a capella group 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child This would be hilarious if it wasn’t so bloody true. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing #SATIRE Site CNN 😂 "We don't want them to change anything... They'll just keep churning out skewed content in order to satirize the leftist media's inability to report anything w/o bias or prejudice." 
@CNN This is more believable! 😂 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Who knew The Gospel could be sexually transmitted? Not in any of my medical textbooks. 
The impact of the coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than when SARS hit. @Spencerjakab explains. #WhatsNow 
@NSEIndia @BSEIndia @ProsaicView @suchetadalal Are these the high end Chitra Ramakrishnas and Subramaniam Anands ? Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
The pendulum keeps swinging back &amp; forth... but maybe the #ImpeachmentTrial is FINALLY going 2 be fair! Heros= 1) Whistleblower 😇 &amp; 2) Leaker to @nytimes of draft excerpts Bolton manuscript😃 GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Joe Biden talk about correction he did on Ukraine gov 
Mergers have been long touted as a possible answer to the eurozone’s banking woes via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
it might not fly, but this plan has one thing going for it (that the #EU won't like): it clears the air from the custom of expecting different behavior by the two sides, both during negotiations and after. @vtchakarova @RobertMCutler @amlivemon 
U.S. Sets Evacuation Plan From Coronavirus-Infected Wuhan The State Department is organizing a flight out of the Chinese city to extricate diplomats and a limited number of private U.S. citizens 
In Major Deal, The Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN. Bwah! Ha! Ha! Ha! 
@LadyNaturalist Also: 
3rd source: GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace - The Wall Street Journal. Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
@ChrisPlanteShow Babylon Bee is way ahead of you. 
Some senators HOPE the continued focus on former Vice President Joe Biden could prove politically damaging 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
"This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency." 😂 
How expansive has the relationship between tech companies and hospitals become? What are the implications of these mega partnerships? #healthdata #dataanalytics 
So @SenRickScott is a Russian ASSet. I am SO shocked, said no one EVER. Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via #ImpeachmentTrials #GOP 
#ImpeachmentHearings McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
The John Bolton Report (Wall Street Journal) 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
From opinion: German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the average human temperature anymore. Theories? #health #epidemiology #History via by @mcjomcg 
Interesting new book on rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia....Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas via 
The AR-15 was the deadliest gun ever made, able to fire over 100 rounds a day. The “AR” in it stands for “AR-15 Rifle” and the 15 stands for “50% more than 10.” The new AR-16 is obviously even more destructive, though. “Guns are scary enough,”😂👍 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
To Prepare For The Worst, Democrats Purchase Funeral Plot For Ginsburg On Ancient Indian Burial Ground 
U.S. Recovers Two Killed in Afghanistan Crash @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
I'm definitely not eating any chicken sandwiches for breakfast, but someone is! @McDonaldsCorp is testing whether that will fly in its U.S. restaurants 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. - Wall Street Journal 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
Casino operator Penn National Gaming plans to take a 36% stake in Barstool Sports via 
@realDonaldTrump So is this! 
Scary. We are not ready to handle this. Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Federal antitrust regulators are probing a potential deal between a major U.S. dairy cooperative and Dean Foods Co., the bankrupt milk-processing giant. 
just dropped a beauty on CNN! 
@newyscruggs while your at it don't forget Nike 💰💰 
@Teampleyar Right. The American people could never end up electing someone who *you'd* never vote for ... lol 
» Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
Wrong. Male hair loss feels great 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Trump's impeachment defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Once again, is the most trusted news resource that you can trust with your news. 
At a meeting of all Republican senators on Tuesday after the White House lawyers wrapped their opening arguments, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called at the impeachment trial of Trump. 😏😈⚖️ 
When students see something they’ve never tried before they’ll come home and encourage their siblings to try it 
Gotta love the Bee! 
"Dow Drops Over 450 Points on Coronavirus Fears" via #nCoV2019 #coronavirus 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
I second Jesse's take on the existence, and timing, of 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
@marcorubio @senrickscott Florida demands #WitnessesAndDocuments Florida demands #EnforcedSubpoenasAndTestimony Florida demands you #ConvictAndRemoveTrumpNow #PenceKnewImpeachHimToo! Florida will go Blue and Unseat You! 
President’s Eldest Son Relishing His Part in 2020 Campaign - @SenatorCollins #WeThePeople KNOW...YOU WILL PAY AT POLLS! 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Nine in 10 #CXOs expect #climatechange to have a negative impact on their organizations per Deloitte’s #ReadinessReport. Read more in Risk. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding $SPY $QQQ 
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
"Just ask Barron" added @potus @realdonaldtrump. "Really, it has to be you that asks him. Because I haven't interacted with him for several years now. Life is so precious." 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Recent polling and judicial precedent both favor testimony by John Bolton, writes @BillGalston via 
@ryanridgley78 @VagrantMuse @qdogg77 @stillCALLin @MarkDice @realDonaldTrump Here is Wall Street Journal....hardly a liberal rag. 
I saw these very same people on TV the other night, I didn't leave on for very long. 
Sure he was 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever Yup, "You Are Not Getting Out Of This Life Alive, it's going to kill you." 
Escape the pitfalls of information overload and explore the best ways to clear your mind with stress-management techniques and strategies from The Wall Street Journal. 
Harvard Chemistry Department Chair charged for allegedly lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
cites @Attomdata’s #propertytaxdata in this article illustrating how the #federaltaxoverhaul passed in late 2017 has made it costlier to own a house in high-price, high-tax areas, reshaping the #economicsofhomeownership in those areas: #propertydata 
Jordan Roseman, 50, never intended to become DJ Earworm: 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to and from mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread 
The John Bolton Report 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@thehill McConnell is giving in. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@realdonaldtrump You make James Buchanan look like Abraham Lincoln. @GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First | 
By stating publicly that Bolton's account of his conversations w/Trump is false, Trump has effectively waived executive privilege -- which is actually a very narrow privilege -- as to those conversations. It's time to hear from the witnesses Trump blocked: 
I attempted to form a cogent argument opposing this new law, but thus far, I'm completely stumped. 
@HillaryClinton But what about the paste, Mrs. Clinton? 
A synchronized #housing slowdown is a new cloud over #global #growth via 
#GretaThunberg continued her worldwide quest of righteous vengeance on all sworn enemies of Mother Earth this week by starting a protest at Willy Wonka's famous chocolate factory, demanding that the chocolate factory convert to zero-carbon practices .... 
LOL!! After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | 
In 1981 the 10-year Treasury bill paid an interest rate of 16%. Now it pays 2%. How do interest rates affect your money and who controls them? ⁦Our conversation tonight ⁦⁦@GtownCollege⁩ 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
“The courts have never ruled on a dispute quite like this between the executive and legislative branches, and they may decide to stay out of it” #ImpeachmentTrial #Bolton 
@SoSofieFatale How about Murdoch owned ? PleaseOhPleaseOhPlease 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall #satire 
This is Today's Pump by the FED. All Going On Daily Since September 2019... What is the FEDs EXIT Strategy? Anyone? Wish it would get shared... Fed Adds $84.7 Billion In New Money To Markets 
When the rapper and minister wants to connect with his father: ‘I just put on my RUN DMC records and listen to his words.’ 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
What a shame!!!! For me as a christian. I have shame of all sort of televangelists thinking they are more spiritual then others. Yes it was so wise for @realDonaldTrump To be alone with the porn star to share the gospel 😡 
Lease-Accounting Rules May Have Hurt Companies’ Valuations, Study Says 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
See video, which cannot be seen on youtube as of yet. A wealth tax is about properrty seizure. They will say your house has appreciated in value, and you now owe a wealth tax of X percent, forcing some to sell. See video : 2/2 
So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It #TechJunkieInvest 
#Iran's leadership works to heal rifts @GlobalCRL 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
Ten ##exercises you can do in the office to stay fit while at #workplace . I especially like #4 
New Evidence Reveals Library Of Alexandria Kicked Out Dozens Of Creepy Old Romans For Looking At Pornographic Images On Abacus 
Sick irony that Italian American Ken Cuccinelli of the DHS announces the following article rehearsing self sufficiency since so many formerly non-white Italians were on public assistance, sent money back to Italy, and even brought crime. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Love the part about Alex Jones at the end... ROFL. 
CNN and Ignorance via 
“Our infrastructure was not designed to rehabilitate. It was designed to warehouse,” says the head of Alabama’s troubled prison system. “We’re trying to update that.” 
"But sneering hashtags, “Saturday Night Live” skits and accusations of coverup only underscore what’s really bothering them: that Mr. McConnell somehow always seems to outfox them." Mitch Derangement Syndrome 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
OMG, could the evangelicals be any more delusional &amp; pathetic?? 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Hospitals give tech giants access to detailed medical records. Deals with Microsoft, IBM and Google reveal the power medical providers have in deciding how patients’ sensitive health data is shared 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
How much more irrelevant can CNN get? 'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows, says opinion via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@CNN airs free commercial for Trump. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Sekulow: “How are we supposed to get the proof of what’s in the president’s head?” he asked. You call Bolton and ask him what @realdonaldtrump said as to why he put a hold on the aid! Dumb ass 
@realDonaldTrump Well we see you doing something. I guess all of your bones have spurs. 
This Week's Weekender: 
"Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" 😂 
So we are still evolving🤔 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Yep, I've done this. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there 
Sad but true. 
Curses! Exposed!... 
"Nobody cares about the national debt." - all those savvy GOP political people who enterprise in leading from behind. 🤷‍♂️ 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache #MAGA #TRUMP 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' | ‼️I do agree, you’ve exposed the hypocrisy of the Leadership~ 😰 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Tfw your mansion, which you built in an area that outlaws dense homebuilding, has an 8-car garage and you made your money creating "the nation’s largest provider of traffic reports" 
Really ? So he paid Stormy $130,000 to listen to the gospel ? You want us to believe that crock of bull ? 
Big Banks Ace First Round of Federal Reserve's 'Stress Tests' 
A U.S. military aircraft w/ at least two American service members on board crashed into #Taliban-controlled Afghan territory, defense officials said, posing a complicated search and recovery effort #AfghanistanPlaneCrash #US #Diplomacy140 #Afghanistan 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
I wish @3days3nights was still on here, he had an interesting 98.6 Thread... Anybody still have it? 98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore - 
Wall Street Journal 
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee — while others stay IS TRUMP==CDC PREPARED TO ISOLATE THEM FOR OVER 2 WEEKS???? OR JUST RELEASE THEM TO INFECT AMERICA???? OR DID HE THINK???? 
And no one noticed a thing. 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Dog A Pervert In Ways Owner Will Never Know 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
Meanwhile on the academin front: via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The Department of Transportation proposes allowing only service dogs trained to help travelers with physical or psychiatric disorders to fly for free via 
From Discover on Google 
Rick Perry to Step Down as Energy Secretary - 
America deserves Trump if we believe this shit. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
Internet Users Who Call For Attacking Other Countries Will Now Be Enlisted In The Military Automatically | 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
No one NEEDS a deadly sling. They only belong on the battlefield. We need commonsense sling control. 
The is reporting that Mitch McConnell is telling Republican senators that the GOP doesn't have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Hong Kong-listed stocks dropped sharply on their first trading day after the Lunar New Year break 
No biggie. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Sources: Harry Reid Sleeping With Mitch McConnell&amp;#39;s Wife In 1986 At Core Of Senate Gridlock 
As #debt in Sub-Saharan Africa approaches 50% of GDP, “what worries me is whether or not we’ve put these countries into a new kind of debt problem,” Deputy Chief Economist @elinaribakova tells @Annaisaac 
For real? 🤣 
@nc_turn @StephenBright @RebelBlue36 ONLY 230 people have been evacuated out of a 1000. The rest have to promise to pay the government back! 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
"You're still too low level ..." The final minutes of Kobe Bryant's fatal helicopter ride revealed concerns over altitude and visibility. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
. @FairwayMarket, the New York City grocer, is looking for potential buyers in case an offer for five of its stores shrinks to three via @SomaBis 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network - Wall Street Journal via @nuzzel 
@brianstelter Thanks for watching and keeping his rating at #1😘 Looks like this wasn’t satire after all😂😂😂 
Virginia’s new Democratic majority moves to force union dues on workers. via 
Warning: This announcement has not been Fact Checked by Brian Stelter yet and might actually be satire. In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #WalkAway from #FakeNews 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
@glenn_wofford @BorisForOffice @Kodachi1122 @cwebbie So instead it's personal attacks and deflection. This is your stance: And I mean, it's your prerogative to choose your beliefs. But you can't also argue they're grounded in fact or reality when they are not. Feelings are real, but aren't facts. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 not taking the turn they had hoped tor. 
San Francisco and Bay Area can become epicenter of a global housing correction (my own prediction) -- Delhi, Bengalaru, Shanghai and Berlin come next. A global real estate recession can be devastating leading to massive foreclosures, halt in construction. 
Latest from 's @NickTimiraos :The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. via 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
"If this keeps up, we're really gonna have to burn the midnight oil and put in 25 or even 30 hours," whined Rep. Adam Schiff. "That leaves me hardly any time for taking bribes from lobbyists!" 
@ScottDee0011 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@RichardGillam7 @kitkatmom_md @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
It’s not even 9 am but 
‘China also has about 20% fewer physicians per capita than Mexico and 70% fewer general practitioners than World Health Organization standards’- a chilling read. Context: it is however the world’s 2nd arms producer. Fastest growing military power. Bar none 
I want it 🤣😂🤣 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts 
Babylon Bee 😜 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Talking with @paulvigna markets about today's bounce. 
@miffedcupcake @ACLU "Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed" 
#Trump #ImpeachmentTrials Defense Day 3 #MoscowMitch tells his caucus he doesn't have the votes to prevent witnesses and documents 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore #lol #humor 
From announcing he would put his son-in-law in charge of the effort to inviting Netanyahu and Gantz to discuss the plan, see key dates in the three-year evolution of Trump's Mideast peace plan 
@Jim_bakker proves again how in league he is with Satan! ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
A Decade Overdue: Tech Giants’ New Appeal to Governments: Please Regulate Us - 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ 
New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown - The Wall Street Journal #housing #Vancouver #development #planning #letstalkhousing 
Please read this 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #satire 
😂HAHAHAHA!!! ~ "NINTH CIRCLE, HELL—Stressing that the situation in the underworld was quickly spiraling out of... 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The regulator is telling financial-services companies what kind of cybersecurity practices it has found during audits, giving them detailed information on how to handle sensitive data and guard ... via @InfoSecHotSpot 
: Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Today on the Potomac Watch podcast: John Bolton roils the Senate impeachment trial. 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
New Study Finds Staring Out From Balcony With Best Friends Strongest Indicator That This Your City, Your Time 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
markets: The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@YorkshireLad_87 @adb0wen Bernie was, of course Warren actually wasn't I don't think she actually identifies as a socialist does she? 
Trump dealing w Netanyahu and Gantz and presenting a BS plan without even sellout Palestinian participation is parody of what the US and Israel have done for decades. Reminds me of piece about US forming its own UN: 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns via @BernieSanders #NotMeUs Keep our eyes wide OPEN 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
New Biodiversity Program Busses In Species From Outside Ecosystems 
You don't need a biblical plague, huge death toll, or mass hysteria for Bat Soup Flu to seriously dent the economy. All you need is regular people taking reasonable precautions, and consumer spending will take a huge hit. via 
@MatthewJshow @realDonaldTrump The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
@thehill Brainwashed liberals be like “we want witnesses!!!” Why did they not subpoena them then? 
Swedish oil refiner aims to get free of U.S. sanctions imposed on its majority owner, Venezuela’s state-owned oil company via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
What About Being Predestined Safe on the Bases? 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
The John Bolton Report - #GoogleAlerts 
@brianstelter @ReliableSources @oliverdarcy Where is the proof? More smears by left!! 
The Trump administration said it would target e-commerce operators with broader enforcement, seeking to compel companies to help root out fakes via 
Pelosi: 'If I Am Not Elected Speaker, Millions Will Die' | 
‘Kingdom Hearts III’ DLC Developers Panicking After Realizing ‘Shrek’ Not Owned By Disney 
This policy penalizes low-income immigrant communities and families and undermines guestworkers’ ability to seek redress for workplace abuse. #ProtectFamilies 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Giving people with criminal history a second chance is a big risk -- or is it? The profiles one company where 80% of employees has a criminal past. Says it's a good strategy in a tight labor market. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat I need one .. 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost via 
Not a pretty picture. 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis So, in not so many words, Gardner says: please don’t let the truth be confirmed by witnesses or a few of us will be at risk in 2020 elections! Who would want to vote for a scheming, cheating candidate anyway???❗️ 
This latest coronavirus should be a red flag for American hospitals, which need to get serious about infection control. Read more @ #Healthcare #HealthcareUSA #HealthcareNews #CoronoVirus #WorldHealthOrganization #WHO #USHospitals #USAHealthcareUpdates 
@TrentKrupp It’s more than Medicare. It’s the Nth order effects on market prices from having no ceiling on costs because the system will pay (in a wide variety of markets). This summed it up well for me, but I’m curious to hear you perspective on it 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
@NASAGoddard At this point, it’s a race for second-best summer intern at NASA, writes Mike Kerrigan via 
The plank from his eye competed with the growing length of his nose. They were so distracting that no one paid attention to what he said. 
Can John Bolton win? Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
What a joke! What about al Aqsa? Jews can not own that site. Bad enough they control the entrance and exits. Shameful. Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
IF Democrats lived 3000 years ago... 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Seven years later I still think about this bit every time I'm writing and I need to mention someone's hands. It has that much power 
: d8115883-8fa1-4f65-8bee-583f97058a4a 
At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it. 
@GoughIler @Aspies123 @mmpadellan @Cyndie1981 He paid her to hear Jesus! LOL! 
Interesting #China 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
FAKE NEWS is desperate! GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
TikTok?! Clout-Chasing Millennial Learns About Memes and More #video #news #klout 
And this is the winner of Internet for 2020!!!! Winner! Absolute winner!!!! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Lizzo kicked off a somber Grammy awards, saying, ‘Tonight is for Kobe’ via 
Proud of my alma mater for doing the real work 
Nobody should have to choose between food or working towards a better future 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN @GovMikeHuckabee 
#Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His #MiddleEastPeacePlan. Makes sense given #Iran went badly and North #Korea didnt work out that well. Besides, India didnt give any importance to his plans for brokering peace in #Kashmir either... 
@LeonydusJohnson little satire for u. I believe it as well. 
Cruel Owner Chains Bike Outside In Freezing Weather 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
Renewable energy will continue its march toward newly gained dominance in electricity markets as it demonstrates its ability to reduce costs and address climate concerns. Read more in the @CFOJournal. 
i'll answer that for you. its a brutally good band. harvard scientists can suck my ass and go on strike until that classist university lowers their ridiculously high tuition fees 
CNN Reveals Bernie Sanders Running For President Of Country With History Of Sexism 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
“What 5G does is make the remote worker feel less like a second-class citizen in a meeting,” Krish Ramakrishnan, co-founder of @BlueJeansNet via #5G #remotework 
This is almost as funny as the snowflakes tying themselves into knots over this endorsement 
Devon Archer / Hunter Biden / Burisma — Follow the Money as it Flows back to the Pockets of Obama White House Officials. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces so something will actually get accomplished! 
This is the takeaway from the first @pswagel briefing on the January CBO outlook: “There’s not a crisis today... The longer we wait, the more difficult it gets.” My updated story: 
Blackstone’s CEO says there’s little doubt something ‘very profound’ appears to be happening. via #ESG 
I expect tomorrow that, in the wake of this mass shooting, America will have a deep and reflective national conversation about how everything's fine and nothing should be done. 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes.” A 75-year-old runner is taking the stairs and racing up the Eiffel Tower. And she says it’s no big deal. 
@Jenhatcher14Jen @nancylevine @joniernst @SenJoniErnst @realDonaldTrump never threatened anyone but this guy did and bragged about it on tv. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - Charles Lieber is accused of lying to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Come on Senator @MittRomney, you gotta do better and not bring this kind of attention to yourself and the great state of #Utah. Also, @byu_creamery has been drug into this mess. Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor via 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Satire. Parodies. Things #liberals on the #Left* just can't understand. Watch them report this to @snopes as #FakeNews. *Yes @AOC, there IS a left, &amp; you're taking it over a cliff. #Virginia2A #Virginia2ARally #2A #GunsSaveLives #SecondAmendment #Trump2020 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Three Americans Die While Fighting Australian Wildfires #video #news #klout 
Church Bassist Dies During Worship Set, No One Notices For Three Weeks 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over China’s Wild Animal Trade - #DRJAMESKEOUGH #CHINA #CoronaOutbreak #coronarvirus 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed. ♥️🐝 #ChooseLife 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
A great look into some of the big tech trends that'll shape a big part of how we'll live in 2020. 
Don't even need to read this bullshit article won't let me read for free,headline say it all - what I been sayin bout this country,home of Ghengis Khan,Wuhan,Dark side of the moon,we do not know real history of Ghengis Khan,or China. 
Targets Credibility... 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined for Misleading Investors 
@mkraju I don’t understand. Is Manu refuting this report or playing stenographer you GOP bluffs? 
"It is the one to whom I give this cup of COVFEFE. What you are going to do, do quickly. Just remember what we used to do to SPIES and SNITCHES!” 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row..#MSM..#BernieSanders..# 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Heard on the Street: U.S. lenders must now set reserves for the expected lifetime losses of a loan, not just losses for a year out. Sallie Mae was ready for the change. via @SallieMae #studentloans #TuesdayMotivation 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment..... 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
📆Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
@CatHoffman14 👇👇👇 Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
‘He Is a Dictator’ via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Tee hee!! 🤣The lunatic left just HATES these guys!! 
Deloitte Global CEO Punit Renjen: Social Progress Needs Business Leadership #socialprogress #leadership Risk 
😂* Funny, no matter one’s politics *At publishing time, Trump had fired Chip and Joanna after they had decided they wanted the southern border to have an "open concept" feel. Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
#Mideast #PeacePlan MEANWHILE in #France 
Xi Jinping is calling for his government to "strengthen the guidance of public opinions" as many of his people clamor for answers amid the coronavirus outbreak. The Chinese people deserve answers to their questions, not more censorship. #coronavirus 
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens 
@SenSchumer BREAKING NEWS: 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
lol Brilliant! 
14. And to me, that means, No. 1, hear the case, not dismiss it summarily; No. 2, ask our questions; and No. 3, be guaranteed a right to vote on whether we need additional information such as documents or witnesses.” 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses They better find them. End this farce. 
$IAC Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
Looks like somebody is going to be getting a whole lot more #compliance #training soon. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding #Harvard 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
LOL .@StephenGutowski The Bee Explains: Assault Rifles 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
How long will it take the Palestinians to reject this deal, as they have every other one? 
Boris’s Huawei blunder will come back to bite him. 
It was in response to concerns about the spread of avian influenza that the EU imposed a ban on wild bird imports. Let us hope that the outbreak of this virus will also result in a permanent ban on wildlife trade. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
SATIRE? 😏 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The company plans to use "federated learning" to access data it doesn’t own to identify promising drug compounds and help spot a rare gene mutation 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
⁦@chiIIum⁩ Martin Sandoval has agreed to cooperate w/fedl authorities conducting a broader corruption investigation in Illinois. 
Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute via 
Don't worry @brianstelter. Your job is secure. 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology: 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career - 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via #3m #layoffs #restructure 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Breaking News 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science "I don’t expect such analyses will be free of controversy." 
I guess my purchase last quarter of #airpod pros was my little contribution to #Apples’s record #profits! 
🤣🤣🤣🤣 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Since Melania forbade him to trim their son.... Trump Orders National Christmas Tree Be Cut To One Inch Shorter Than He Is 
Nuclear Scientists Fucking Around In Friend’s Backyard Run Away After Stuffing Fission Bomb Into Coke Can 
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin via 
Semester At Sea Students Steal Anchor For Dorm Room 
@CAAPSorg @BJDonart @FriedrickJane @dudefrommpls @RyanHillMI @realDonaldTrump how bout the Wall Street journal it’s republican 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
LATEST: Mitch McConnell says Republicans do not have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
APPLE posts record holiday earnings... 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Prosecutor says Prince Andrew hasn’t backed up his statement that he was willing to help any appropriate law-enforcement agency with investigations. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 🐝 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns 
: Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg Steps Down 
Big, if true McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
#ny21 soon you will hear a different lie from @elisestefanik 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
@MoralsCOWnt @kathy_markovich @dmooresb It's a parody site: 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
@jaketapper @joejohnscnn @JDiamond1 NSC Counsel Eisenberg reports to Cipillone. Hard to believe he would have kept the Bolton manuscript from his boss. 
@JamesHasson20 @MZHemingway The BB is so close to the truth 
If you left college without reading Shakespeare, you don't have an English degree. @wjmcgurn via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses This is a lie. All one senator has to do is stand up and propose to vote to remove from the office. they vote. and don't get the votes.and we all go home 
$ABBV $GILD AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via 
Hey Mitch your coverup is showing GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@presentefect @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Schiff has lost his mind. 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
This is the problem with conflict of interest: it doesn’t work if there is not transparency and honesty. And the higher the position in academia, the easier it is to subvert: “..Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health..” 
@DcR70604517 @standen_paul @Reuters you should buy one of the new AR-16's... 
@kathiepunt8691 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid via 
U.K. allows Huawei to build parts of 5G network 
Utter bullshit. The GOP KNOWS what's in Bolton's book. They KNOW Trump is guilty. They want a private reading so they can figure out how to spin their ongoing support &amp; complicity in his crimes. Shameful. via 
Romney makes "forceful" case for Bolton testimony at GOP lunch 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election ... 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
This is way too hilarious. 
McDonald’s to offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits during breakfast for a limited time via 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Alternate headline: GOP Doesn't Have Votes To Continue Cover-up. 
$84.7 Billion 13 hours ago Wall Street Journal, but if you don't have a subscription - wait, I'll find another one. 
At this point, there is no #5G without #Huawei. Damned if do...... 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses do your job - Mitt could be the next POTUS:) 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Hong Kong is cutting back heavily on travel via road, rail and ferry links between the city and mainland China in some of the most extreme curbs on travel it has ever taken. w/ @joyuwang 
So far this year, investors’ appetite for fast-growing companies hasn’t let up. But this week, things may get far more volatile. 
@MJDraperBlake @grandmajollie59 @FixBadHair @Ceejack77 @MatthewJshow @Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump No, it was Bill Clinton. It was the housing collapse that caused the great recession. Bill Clinton decide everyone should be a homeowner. He gutted government regulations and encouraged Fannie and Freddie to lend to anyone. 
Rest in Peace, Kobe Bryant and daughter, Gianna. What a tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Bryant family and the families of all victims. Apparently bad fog and poor visibility are to blame. Fly safe, friends. 
On today's podcast, @The_Kyle_Mann &amp; @AXECOP discuss: - Media hypes up a white nationalist rally - AKA - a peaceful gun rights protest - Bernie staffer promotes USA gulags - Pelosi joyfully hands out pens to celebrate a somber day of impeachment LISTEN: 
Casino Reporting Steady Profits From Slot Machine That Promises Players They Will Lose 
@IlhanMN Well I’m here to defend America and it’s values!! You will be defeated because God is alive and well!! America first!! You have NO IDEAS!! You only have handouts!! No more freebies!! 
Ouch. Academic stupidity of highest order. @Harvard professor arrested for fudging funding coming from China in the aftermath of #coronavirus . 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
This was a fun read. I Am Fun 
The answer is an emphatic no. Going on an airplane barefoot is indefensible. Full stop. via 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
CDC WARNING: 
Starbucks closed half of its China stores amid coronavirus outbreak; U.S. customers helped drive up sales for the quarter via 
Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
Strong iPhone sales and disappointing services growth complicate the story following the stock’s big run. via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@RubinReport Growing up ilhan explains she taught to hate the Jews! 
@Jim_Jordan Lol, 🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
He's the wokest 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags | 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
SERIOUSLY?? NOT EVEN GOD BELIEVES THAT!! HOW SICK ARE THESES EVANGELICALS?? MIGHTY! ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
NATO Aims to Add Personnel to Iraq Mission From Coalition Fighting ISIS Proposal follows calls from Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East via 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail | 1. Don’t limit AI strategy to IT strategy 2. Prioritize revenue growth over cost reduction 3. Apply AI throughout the business #artificialintelligence #DataScience 
Globalism Today is accomplished with Socialism and Big Government Fiscal Slow Growth High Taxes Fiscal Statism Bad Economy ‘Stakeholder capitalism’ empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder 
: 0f44edd1-5415-433b-b5bc-0234650e8c07 
» Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Israel’s Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges 
He's solved the crisis! 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"This is Huuugge!, may have said @POTUS. Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN. 
I knew it! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor 
Jeff Bezos and Prince Mohammed had dinner in Los Angeles and traded WhatsApp messages. Then their friendship unraveled, along with plans to build an Amazon data center in Saudi Arabia. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Mariana Trench Once Again Named Worst Place To Raise Child 
: 0709ea57-637c-4a95-8cbc-f905d55e72f3 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
Most #viral News Now: News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Jobs, Cook, Ive—Blevins? The Rise of Apple’s Cost Cutter - 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Another Supreme Court Win! Great to see the activist judges and courts neutered by the SCOTUS! Gorsuch and Thomas Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
The #coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
A slightly smaller U.S. econ­omy may not seem like much of a prob­lem, but ei­ther plan would col­lect less than 10% of the money needed to fund the gov­ern­ment-run health care promised by both can­di­dates ⁦@Freeman⁩ 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China @AAUP @insidehighered 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
Dershowitz Calls 'Abuse of Power' Campaign Rhetoric 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects. Deficit will exceed $1 Trillion a year for at least 11 years, budget office says. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
Interesting article. 3 gop sen don’t want witnesses because it would drag on too long &amp; they’re facing tough challengers in 2020 elections. 
‘bout time! 😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies.  via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Report: Clicking This Link Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
Por razones personales. $MTCH -1.7% after-hours 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Article here: 
@BrandonBeckham_ @ScottPresler @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump is eally making America great again. Real good budget balancing. This fool will ruin America. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | ⁦@KirstenPowers⁩ 
@GOP BREAKING : GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
The 75-year-old Liverpool Carting Co. has survived the mob and a NYC crackdown on haulers. Can Louis ‘Gino’ Fava’s firm keep on trucking when a new law hits the streets?   via 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN . Problem is if they did, they’d have to fire all the Babylon Bee writers 😂😂 
The @GOP is scared shitless of @JoeBiden. Now @ScottforFlorida is airing an anti Biden add in Iowa. #CorruptGOP Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
Tech: Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds 
One in 10 central banks are now considering launching digital currency within 3 years. Last year, that number was one in twenty banks. Based on an exponentially doubling curve we’ll be at 1 in 1.25 central banks in three years. Yo… 
Now planned for Wuhan-ANC-ONT 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial #SmartNews 
@ChaosKilledtheD @wesinjapan Lol. called you out! 😂 Trump stands with racists because he is a racist. Bernie getting a racist to support an anti-racist agenda is a GOOD thing (unless you are against said agenda). 
#Breaking: McConnell says GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses! #SenateImpeachmentTrial #WitnessesAndDocuments via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - and 75% of polled voters, including Democrats, Republicans, and Independents want #WitnessesAndDocuments. 
Iron Workers Union Endorses Joe Biden via 
@brianstelter This is about right: 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The 😂😂😂😂😂🤔😜 @realDonaldTrump spreading the Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump admin will spend $1 trillion more than it collects in 2020 &amp; #deficit will exceed that amount every year in future How much do taxpayers pay secret service to protect Trump &amp; family #NepotismBarbie car rentals at Davos cost taxpayers $34,000 
#BritishAirways said it had canceled all flights to mainland #China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world 
SDNY Bankrupycy Judge Morris is making it easier for borrowers with financial difficulties to modify their student loans through negotiation, potentially reducing their monthly payments to amounts they can more easily afford. 
@realDonaldTrump Wrong! Since you don't usually pay your bills, you may not be aware of it, but all debts come due. Stop putting our country so deep into debt. 
@sorrya2 @SenJohnBarrasso @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump That is for sure. The only reason to vote Republican is because you are in on the looting of the US Treasury, and you plan to abandon America before the hammer falls. 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
I feel like this article gets better with each passing year 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Look, I want everything that Bernie wants (in principle). But I'm just not comfortable with him building a coalition that could actually win the primary, or god forbid, the White House. Rethink this, @BernieSanders. 
Opted to NOT have this surgery. Jumping into #chaturanga before I had the upper body strength for #ashtanga #yoga damaged my metatarsal twenty years ago. That’s why #mindful individualized #yogatherapy makes sense to me. @yogatherhealth @iayt 
Tech: AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob. He had to have AirPods Pro. But parents and experts have concerns about giving kids access to this technology: 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Utter nonsense from @Klonick @shelbyholliday: The @CIA and the corporate press propagandize Americans on a daily (hourly?) basis, but 'experts' are worried @tiktok_us will enable the spread of lies? Give me a break, . 'Experts,' worry about yourselves 
Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star, Says Jim Bakker, whose cover-up of hush money paid to a church secretary, Jessica Hahn, for an alleged rape led to his resignation from his ministry. Accounting fraud brought about his imprisonment. 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@redobbinated @mmpadellan THE WALL FKING STREET JOURNAL 
Do you need identity theft protection? Try these no-cost measures to help protect yourself! 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
After downing of Ukrainian jetliner, the Iranian establishment strives to restore unity amid awareness that differences could jeopardize regime. Like Rouhani walking out after the Supreme Leader's sermon? #HassanRouhani #AliKhamenei #IRGC #Iran #ایران 
"China also has about 20% fewer physicians per capita than #Mexico and 70% fewer general practitioners than World Health Organization standards." Editors @wsj on #publichealth in #China and the #coronavirus 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Companies often look to AI to help them cut costs and increase productivity. However, the survey found that more advanced users focus their AI initiatives on revenue generation and growth opportunities. 
Late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference they don’t have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. #Republicans had hoped to wrap up the #SenateTrial with an acquittal of the president by this week. 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Odds Are Good Fed Will Tweak #IOER Higher This Week, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
Interesting study as private companies begin to assess the impact of the new lease guidance on their overall valuation. It is not too early to start having conversations with your investor group and leners regarding ASC 842's potential imact on valuati... 
“If Hubei people must die, we should die knowing the reason.” China has tightened control of the media and public discourse—yet negative messages continue to get through. Smart piece from @Lingling_Wei. 
President Trump, It’s time to think about your exit from the presidency. 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
No Vape Disease From Legal Marijuana in California @Athens4Cannabis 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Yassss!! It’s taco Tuesday 🌮 🌮 🌮 
- Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan - Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
Oh shit, this sounds like it only happens in movies but here we are, catching people stealing/giving away research info/samples. Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Who Hacked Jeff Bezos? —strong argument that it was not the Saudis 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
You don't have the votes, you don't have the votes. 🎶🎶🎶 
What the House managers argued -- on the Zelensky call, obstruction, witnesses and more -- and how the Trump legal team responded by @rebeccaballhaus 
REITs generated returns of about 2.8% through Jan. 24 this year, surpassing the 2.1% returns posted by the S&amp;P 500 -- 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Iran Announces They Will Stop Pretending To Follow Nuclear Deal | 
With Rates on Hold, Fed Faces Decisions on Its Balance Sheet - The Wall Street Journal 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@SenFeinstein How humiliating is this?! Were you in trouble with Mommy aka @SpeakerPelosi? Did you forget about #QuidProQuoJoe?! The hypocrisy is astounding! I’ve included a reminder for you. #ShamImpeachment Joe Biden Forced# Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election you mean vote? 
l board on Nov. 18, 2019: @AXELKAISER in the on Jan. 1, 2020: @MaryAnastasiaOG in the on Nov. 3, 2019: @V_FuentesJ en Bloomberg (republished in the Washington Post) on Jan. 23, 2020: 
It’s great to see athletes find success off the court. But it does make me squirm a bit to think that we’ve made the crossover a necessary coda. Athletes, and particular athletes of color, shouldn’t have to look at term sheets to prove their smarts. 
When Pam Bondi said it was important to talk about the Bidens because if there was a suspicion of corruption, the Democrats' case against the president crumbled, several Republican senators nodded. via 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela #cdnpoli 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
"New York state lawmakers say they are optimistic a law to regulate and tax recreational #marijuana will be enacted in the coming months, perhaps as part of a new state budget that must be adopted by April." More via . 
$AMZN Amazon Scoops Up More Warehouse Space on Staten Island 
U.S. Joins One Trillion Tree Pledge #WhatDoYouThink? 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
At least one, please! Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
: After WeWork Debacle, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
🤣In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“Guns are scary enough, but knowing a gun is a supporter of Donald Trump makes it even more terrifying.” 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance 
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Stocks and oil prices fell as the widening virus outbreak threatened to disrupt travel. However, Euro Stocks went up higher; where as China stocks are not revealed due to CNY holidays. 
Our #CPDP2020 panel on algorithmic regulation of transportation was covered in the ! 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Several legislators asked about the bus redesign in Queens. They said they have concerns over the proposed plan. State Sen. John Liu (D), looking beautiful without a necktie, said he wants to see more money spent to improve bus service. 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early Haha 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
i for one would love @LilNasX to try this. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Here is the arrogance and the dismissive toward you attitude of the Dems. They hate you enough to try to steal your power to tell them what to do. This has gone so far now that if... 
This is a good move by Gorsuch and Thomas. Liberal judges attempting to legislate from the bench are doing a disservice to this country. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #CNN 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week - brutal 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses - The Wall Street Journal. GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
too much to hope for: 
2. Luxury brands will up the in-store ante, creating real-life #retail experiences worth leaving your laptop for. 🛍️ 
Three book dealers who source vintage volumes and create bespoke book collections for high-profile clients share trade tips and secrets via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
@dancingfun @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
@mrs_jones46 @amazingheat @AngelaBelcamino @realDonaldTrump Show your facts. Because you haven't any. Brainwashed sheeple. 
U.S. Targets Phone Companies for Allegedly Aiding Robocallers 
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
CNN Reveals Bernie Sanders Running For President Of Country With History Of Sexism 
Just me, trying to enjoy my day off and get errands done... Two President's currently the subject of criminal proceedings, one who just almost went to war with Iran, announce a 'two-state' plan that also annexes significant portions of one state's land... 
This is BIG news, I hope sticks. Bring on Mr. Bolton! 
This every time a CritRole episode comes out, but it's totally unironic. 
Pencilneck has really gone off the deep end 😱 SCHIFF, POLOSI, NADLER, WATERS, MUST BE REMOVED. 😠😠 
While nationalism may be a dirty word among elites in Switzerland, the nation-state remains the most successful vehicle for advancing liberty, economic advancement and individual achievement in the history of the world, writes Richard J. Shinder 
ah, the good old days 
"Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. Educators Want to Change That." Good story featuring @bankstreetedu Family Center. My kids went there, it is amazing, and every child should have same opportunity. 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
@GretaThunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding #WillyWonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now - 🤣🤣🤣 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office 
Everyone talks about the transformative powers of #AI, but many AI projects fail. How can we ensure AI success? This article recommends applying AI throughout your business and investing in AI talent. Learn more here: #FutureofWork 
@JimBakkerShow Kinda like you were doing with Jessica Hahn? 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Sure, but it was in a foreign film - Russian, I think... Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Novel coronavirus appears to be less deadly than SARS, which erupted in China in 2002 and spread globally in 2003. SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected, while about 3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new coronavirus have died 
@sfurey They take info from 3rd party apps too... and now this! 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
@brianstelter helps seal the deal in the Babylon Bee's acquisition of @CNN He will produce satirical videos for , moving the site into the realm of video content for the first time. Again, though, his show's content will remain unchanged. 
Hilariously close to the Ator A of my home town Alliance City Schools' Ators. 
LMFAO... 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Letters: Why So Many Midcareer Doctors Burn Out via The Congress in its infinite wisdom has done its best to destroy medicine as a caring profession. 
BREAKING: AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via @tim_cook 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
The diary of Sheindi Miller, a 14-year-old girl who recorded her life in Auschwitz, is on exhibit in Germany. "For decades, she said, she was unable even to speak to her children about the Holocaust, let alone seek publication of her writings." via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Quickly under controlled: Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
@SpeakerPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @AngrierWHStaff @gtconway3d Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Who could have warned us oh no 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Between crappy manufacturing numbers and record high, CRIPPLING debt... How can you call yourself a conservative if you support the Republican Party? 
Some residents of high-cost states—think California, New York and even Texas—are decamping for cheaper locales. The 2017 tax law pushed them to finally do it. 
@JulieLinden5 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO - 
There is something positive you can do with #fur products from the past #ditchfur #banfur 
Media circus 🎪 continues. There are plenty of clowns 🤡 Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Same as it ever was. This conversation started with the #SOESbandits &gt;&gt; Ultrafast #Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Former Goldman Sachs Banker Pleads Guilty in Insider-Trading Case - 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@emilyngo @NBCNews Reminds me of this article. 
An unnamed Swiss banker made unlawful profits over several years from trades through his wife’s accounts at other banks via 
This explains why ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ was heard screening, “Oh God, Oh God!” #MAGA #Resist #ImpeachmentTrial 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects #Ethereum #bitcoin 
Next trial involving #Roundup #weedkiller is postponed to allow for more settlement talks; @FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati discusses the potential impact on thousands of related cases by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender 
Marine Biologists Train Highly Intelligent Octopus To Profitably Manage Mid-Size Aluminum Goods Supplier @TheBlowfish 👀 got a lot of 'splaining to do.... 
@FederalistNo78 @Shorty56167141 @ChristinePolon1 @QBlueSkyQ @MadAddictSport @BabeReflex_8 @karoolatas @Imaginer77 @LavenderLives @AnJillOfLight @MissiWhite4 @We_Have_Risen it also cuts life expectancy by 33 percent. 
Be careful out there this weekend 🥑🔪 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Good! Bring it on, time to air all the dirty laundry. Call witnesses from current AND past admins. I'd love to hear what #Hillary, #Biden et al have to say about their #Ukraine and #RussianCollusion. 
@MindofTorres you do realize is the military 
Leaders at the forefront of the healthcare, food, gaming, creative, and real estate industries predict the future of their workplaces via 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
The first iPad was the first time the company used a low price to lock up market share. via 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Aaaaaaahahahahahaha! That’s the funniest thing that I’ve heard today! 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Two cheers for democracy, if true. @senatemajldr 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It'. 
NATO’s members are aiming to boost the number of training and military advisory personnel at the mission in Iraq, in response to President Trump’s call for the alliance to do more in the Middle East 
Regulators to propose removing 3% limit on stake banks can own in venture funds they offer clients #VentureCapital by @amacker 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
My favorite satire site, Babylon Bee, nails it. And by "it", I mean @JeffBezos's apparently non-existent security settings &amp; skills. 
A few hundred U.S. citizens will be evacuated from Wuhan. Many more aren't leaving, having failed to secure a seat—or having decided to tough it out. "I would consider sending my daughter…But I wouldn’t leave my wife." @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai 
.⁦⁩ nails it again: Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
For one for you @snopes 
🚨BREAKING: McConnell says he does NOT have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. KEEP CALLING YOUR SENATORS. YOUR VOICE MATTERS! 202-224-3121 
Mr. Gardner said a longer trial would lead to more Democratic attacks, according to a spokesman, and Mr. Tillis called impeachment a sham. Ms. McSally’s office said she doesn’t comment on what happens in private meetings. 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
The humanities have been infected by political correctness and ‘repressive tolerance.’ It’s no surprise that the English major is in decline, writes @wjmcgurn via 
A fitting end to two days of Ernst being Ernst 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@benjaminwittes @OrinKerr I dunno, there's also this: 
UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump...: UK Allows HUAWEI to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump... (Second column, 15th story, link) --- Drudge Report Feed needs your support!   Become a Patron 
"If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. 
#CoronaVirus #China *Time To Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed* 'China closed all markets that sell wildlife throughout the country. Beijing should make the ban permanent' - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
McConnell had a choice, to be liked by Democrats and the media or to be effective. He chose effective. By ⁦@wjmcgurn⁩ 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
The horror 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus. Very little is still known about this virus, which for the moment carries the scientific name 2019-nCoV, meaning “novel coronavirus.” 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
U.S. Surveillance Craft Crashes in Taliban-Held Area in Afghanistan 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever OMG! Instead of wasting time &amp; money to impeach Trump over NOTHING, why doesn't Congress FIX THIS??? LOL. 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
THIS IS WHY WINGS ARE ALWAYS THE BEST CHOICE. WINGS WINGS WINGS WINGS WINGS The knife mishaps of SuperBowl Sunday, from @ailworth 
@Patrici31864139 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Trump Offers Hearty Endorsement Of New Babylon Bee Book 
Trump lifts Obama-era protections trapping Gangthor The Malevolent within murky ocean depths 
i have an idea for 
I'M FUCKING DONE 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
: Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
And the saga goes on! Sounds like Trump/GOP is seeing the advantage of the trial over shadowing the Iowa primaries. 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year 
@Wurpy89 Unfortunately, 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Machine-learning systems spot patterns that indicate which patients have high risk profiles for sepsis 
Republicans Announce Plan To Pretend To Be Fiscally Conservative Again The Moment A Democrat Takes Office 
markets: The Connecticut hedge-fund manager was caught up in New York state’s tax system in part because he still owned a five-bedroom waterfront vacation home on Shelter Island 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement #MAGA #TRUMP 
I thought our country had a fighting chance to recover from Trump...now I don't know. MAGAts on both ends of the cray-cray pipe (NRA &amp; false prophets) may be too far gone. 
@robinhanson Does this complement @RandyNesse’s excellent work on the evolutionary benefits of bad feelings? He makes a fascinating analogy with race horses: bred for speed, they have a higher risk of broken legs. Humans, bred for complex cognitive processing... 
@JBP3666 @MissyJo79 @jessjackie50 @RickWestergard @FreeLion7 @BluehandArea @walkawayAUS @BriteEyes8 @FoundinNV @marylene58 @butterf28263304 @Tappy_95 @Wesleyk66198993 @MsSpy007 @slocke375 @AmericanRising @Pcnw45Mike @martuk56 @RealBluehand @GOP @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump @TheDemocrats @nfulmer0827 @VP @anthonymentill4 @RynoOnAir @OANN @JudgeJeanine @marklevinshow @GovMikeHuckabee @DonnaWR8 @TomFitton @TheJusticeDept From a leader in fake news! 
America's Gold Giant Bets on Dividends, Improved Mines to Hold Off Rival - 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Dr. Google Has Points Good and Less Good - #GoogleAlerts @renewablepower5 
Rasputin outfoxed sHitler and made him his bitch 
Dear Mrs. @BettyBowers and Mrs. @DevenGreen if you need inspiration for future sketches here you go: You welcome 😋 
Ocasio-Cortez Severely Burned After Accidentally Touching Book On Basic Economics | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
U.S. Screening for #Coronavirus at 20 Airports, Officials Add Risk of Extensive Infections Is Low: Wall Street Journal #WuhanCoronavirus MORE w/ EcoSearch - news: web: 
Kim Jong-Un Consults With Planned Parenthood To Learn How To Cover Up Atrocities | 
Probably a good idea to call your senators, anyway: : GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial Republican leaders said they don’t currently have the votes to block witnesses in Trump's trial 
‘The Enlightenment That Failed’ Review: Downfall of the Radicals 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Mitch is a Master .... 
Just the beginning: #Boeing supplier #Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
Volpone, or @senatemajldr By @wjmcgurn via 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
Perhaps the last true Journalists in the U.S.A. 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
“This trade agreement comes at a critical time for farmers and ranchers, increasing optimism that we’ll turn the corner in 2020.” Read more from the on the positive impact #USMCA and the Phase One agreement with China will have on agriculture. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Wall Street Journal is reporting McConnell doesn't have votes to stop witnesses. 
"In large cities, affordability constraints are deterring many would-be buyers ... In theory, interest-rate cuts should spur demand for housing by making mortgages cheaper." Rates are so low by now, that further cuts won't do much, IMO. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
A voting app for the #IowaCaucus? Will it be safe enough? We will see... @BBBNWP 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
The population is AGING. The older you get, the cooler you get. That could very well have skewed the results. They should have shown an old person in the photo. 
@Unfiltrd_Truth @tribelaw @ChristopherHahn McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses: Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
@Mimirocah1 @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenTedCruz @SenAlexander It doesn't matter what they believe or what the evidence indicates. All that matters is their short-sighted self-preservation in the Era of Trump. 
@Quin4Trump @Co50072057Grey @side_show007 @Larryputt @ernestleenot @OxmanMartin @tbeaux29 @AWireman407 @ICanPlainlySee @timetoact2 @Lawsen_Webb @TOMRJZSR @robertm19000417 @History27361891 @Duwayn55629746 @SgtBenClark @MarilynLavala @Ukraineamerka @ghostofembed @McginnKeven @BrianWestlake3 @kiwiwang5 @KeecoWang5 @thedude77 @Wahboom @StillFreeSCOTTY @Maur2009 @JDCooop @WhimsicalMeToo @Schanette55 @davidf4444 @CodyMacck @PlanoJoey @HerbertStehberg @RoundUpBegins @Big_crusher1000 @CarlHeck6 @GracieLovesUSA @SuperRela @t2gunner @ATruther2 @JoeKingRogue @MolfeseW @KLHirst1 @fuzwuzrea @joseangemon @JohnD49331806 @WagonKnoggin @goodfellaBrent "Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar" 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@realDonaldTrump You scared? Should be. 
@HewittNewton @sewhigh @kathy_markovich @JeaniSouthworth It's a parody site: 
CEO Miguel Patricio, renewing a push for sales gains at Kraft Heinz, talked with the board last week about winners and losers in the company’s stable of decades-old packaged-food brands 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | 
WTF is this supposed to mean? It's crystal clear that Democrats are Communists and want to take your voices away.... Turn this country RED!!! Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
They wonder why we are leaving. Priests diddle children and hear each other's confessions and forgive their own sins. Bishops and Cardinals move pedo priests around and cover up. The only sin they ever talk about is abortion. So done with them. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) I’ve never tied a shoelace before- I’ve always had Velcro- is this how it’s done??😂 
“Nana, I really don’t wear fur”—The #NoNewFur generation deals with relatives’ vintage coats via 
U.S. authorities want to speak to Prince Andrew about the Jeffrey Epstein sex-trafficking case but have received “zero cooperation” from the British royal, the Manhattan U.S. attorney said 
I own one ... and yesterday I caught it unapologetically smirking. 
Congress%20Warns%20Impeachment%20Trial%20May%20Force%20Them%20To%20Work%20Grueling%2030-Hour%20Weeks 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
The clowns @ CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
#WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
@realchokemedady @johnlennon Congrats. 
Criticism of China’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak is breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
: MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
@timesofindia we should find out why so many approval for project was given at the same time 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
to counter Democrats’ charges. The report was confirmed by The New York Times, ABC News, The Washington Post and The Daily Beast. 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Join Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
@jkimballcook @frozensooner A classic. Stick with it, at least through the law firm hiring bit. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
South Korea’s Military Discharges Its First Transgender Soldier - 
was looking up a copypasta for a meme, found this fucking beauty instead 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
UK government allows China’s Huawei to build non-critical parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network despite security concerns raised by Pdt Trump &amp; U.S. administration. 
? ⁦@SecAzar⁩ Will US do so soon? British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new #coronavirus spread around the world 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
"Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election" 
My students today, probably. 
BLOW UP the phones. TRUTH SCARES. Murkowski 202-224-6665 Romney 202-224-5251 Collins 202-224-2523 Alexander 202-224-4944 Burr 202-224-3154 Grassley 202-224-3744 Sasse 202-224-4224 Enzo 202-224-3424 Gardner 202-224-5941 
Does the fact that the Babylonbee wrote this, make it any less believable? #EpsteinKnows 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month, but the increase was driven mostly by a sharp rise in demand for defense equipment 
Invoking Bernard Lewis, Josef Joffe reviews ⁦@KimGhattas⁩’s “Black Wave”: “a superbly researched and sub­tly told story” that eschews the “who did this to us?” narrative 
@CNN 😆😆😆😆🤣🤣🤣🤣 Getting dragged by The Bee!!!! 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
@mkraju So which is true? 
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors.: #Fed #MonetaryPolicy #inflation #PCE #CPI 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
A trove of government data offers a granular look at the financial health of the nation’s college graduates (and shows which college degrees are instantly paying off). 
“San Jose has long been the stepchild of Sil­i­con Val­ley. [In the 1950s] the city des­ig­nated rel­a­tively lit­tle land for com­mer­cial use, &amp; mostly missed out as Palo Alto, Cu­per­tino &amp; other towns around Stan­ford be­came startup cen­tral...” 1/2 
Sofonisba Anguissola’s ‘The Chess Game’ is cited by scholars as among the first Italian paintings of everyday family life via 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future - The Wall Street Journal 
Tweet and disappeared. Here: 
Dude, I totally didn’t forget 
Chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Underwear-Clad Senators Line Up Before Congressional Doctor To Make Sure They Physically Fit For Impeachment 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
The lesson of the Spanish flu is that secrecy can kill, but the Chinese Communist Party cares more about social control than the well-being of its people, write Paul Wolfowitz and Max Frost 
What utter nonsense is this. 
When did TBB go from satire to stating obvious fact? 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . Ignorance is alt-Christianity’s greatest weapon of mass mis-information ⁦@JimBakkerShow⁩ 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume Is this for real? Is this man seriously this crass? Omg! 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Zambia’s dollar bonds due in 2027, yield more than 17%, up from around 9% when issued, according to FactSet. The country has entered into talks with China about how to renegotiate the terms of bilateral debts. @emsovdebt @RencapMan 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
CARD COUNTING: explosive @wsj scoop @rebeccaballhaus @lindsaywise @nataliewsj GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 21, 2020 
UK better be ready to start losing freedom of speech soon. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bar Louie abruptly closed 38 locations over the weekend before filing for bankruptcy, with plans to sell remaining locations to the chain’s lenders via 
. dead on the money as usual. #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachmentHoax 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' through his Penis Explains Jim Bakker | 
Formerly incarcerated men and women make up about 80% of the workforce at Nehemiah Manufacturing. There’s a lawyer on call, and a social services expert, to provide support for employees who face obstacles beyond the workplace. More at : 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Wow. Just wow. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election! 😱😱 
@hugospiers Thankfully the paparazzi have died down... 
PBS Snooze Hour #joke #reality 
@bschaeffer12 Very relevant 14 years later. 
WASHINGTON—Slamming the campaign for promoting the popular podcaster’s backing, liberals said Friday that Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election 
@TeaPainUSA Putin makes Trump Employee Of The Month again. 
» Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Report: Economy Must Be Doing Pretty Well If Entire Season Of ‘Bones’ Online For Free 
Master Shake has shared content with you from MSN ha ha. #Trump 
Shouldn't be hard 
Doctor Weirded Out By Patient She Just Met Providing Every Lurid Detail Of Medical History 
At O’Hare, can’t book a new flight, for FULL fare, on @AmericanAir at their dedicated customer assistance desk at H7. They and @UnitedAirlines continue racing to the worst possible flying experience in 2020. Hey, at least they’re consistent... @MiddleSeat 
Crazy! Fake? Who knows. 
I think that the Babylongbee is kind of like , i.e., satire but I will ROFL anyway! :-) 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early . @TulsiGabbard my advice is to stay indoors tonight with a loaded AR. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Holy Shit, @JimBakkerShow Jim Bakker you remain a lying ’sack of shit’, a good Evangelical thieving, lying Preacher Man and a #ShitStain on Religion. 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Shoulders #SmartNews 
He was sharing the gospel alright.....but not about Jesus. I don’t care who you are, supporter or not, there is NO way you can believe this. 
: Local Man Declares Self Tax-Exempt As Temple Of The Holy Spirit 
These men teach us important lessons about #aging @clare_ansberry 
Personalized learning at collegiate level ⁦@wef⁩ #Davos2020 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' | 
Is that what religious types call it these days? 
Get on your knees and pray? 
The Fed successfully flooded markets with cash late last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide when and how to wind down the program A few considerations: 
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said cross-border travel between the city and mainland China would be reduced significantly. #nCoV2019 #coronavirus 
markets: The repo operation added nearly $50 billion but overall liquidity declined by about $5.7 billion. 
Democrats actually did what they accuse the President of. Opinion: Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
New Pulitzer Prize To Honor Publications For Destroying People's Lives 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
Trump administration officials and their allies in Venezuela seek to exculpate themselves by blaming Putin for their failure to oust Maduro. via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Blackstone CEO Says Businesses Must Address Climate Change 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
Alderaan was an Inside Job 
Thought it was a sin to lie?!?! #Gospel #TrumpCrimeFamily #TruthMatters #MAGA2020 
@redobbinated @mmpadellan People have been saying this for months, you need to fact check before you respond like that He was dishonorably disch is not considered an unreliable source 
Aca-scuse me? The Valley is alive with the sound of music, including @Salesforce's a capella group, Cloudy with a Chance of Beatbox. via @ChipCutter 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
When the says it.... 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
: bc31bd4a-c8f4-4f44-bfc0-edc0089889fe 
Roger Federer Worried Fans Only Like Him For His Tennis Record 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials . . . amazing information to ponder . . . . posted by @RidgeKayser 
markets: What are 'yield caps' and how do they fit into the Federal Reserve's plans? 
This is getting ridiculous. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy, writes @wrmead 
Babylonbee is satire at its best!!! 😂😂😂😂😂 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Too big to fail? 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity - 
British Airways Suspends China Flights as Coronavirus Spreads 
'Look, Is That Trump Committing An Impeachable Offense?' Mitch McConnell Says, Distracting Dems While More Conservative Judges Sneak By 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@baseballcrank Two things to read 1 @Peggynoonannyc : 2. @charlesmurray -“Coming Apart” When you don’t get what these two wrote, the spectacles like the CNN fiasco with @TheRickWilson just repeat the cycle 
Let the GOP agree to call wwitnesses. Bolton should NOT say anything outside the Senate impeachment pprocess! Sneaky ... 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
The video-sharing app TikTok, popular for its whimsical content, is getting increasingly political. ’s @shelbyholliday explains why experts fear it could give rise to misinformation. 
Liberals can't STAND @senatemajldr. Why? Because he keeps beating them. #KYSen 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
What Babylon Bee forgets to mention is that when the Founders of the nation wrote our Constitution, there was no such thing as Republicans. That party didn't exist. So how could they imagine a Republican President. Such a presidency is unconstitutional. 
The coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland. 
markets: Investors are waiting for more information before evaluating the potential economic damage from the coronavirus’s spread 
340 Million Social Security Numbers Obtained By Federal Government In Massive Personal Data Breach 
“I think this is an exciting new format for us." 
@greggutfeld Love your shows! You should have a babylonbee segment. 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 old #JimBakker must be snorting the same shit Trump is!! #SniffyMcAdderall Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
She would .... #fakeNewsIdiots 
The bit about "what a Trump second term would be like without a GOP House or Senate" sounds fine, good even. via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
@renato_mariotti has that figured out: 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
@Ziggy_Daddy @UneducatedGeni1 Trump bankrupting America, not making it great again. Trump's scute business sense is crap.Trump making America great again is a joke. 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women Cathedral envy. Now? 
“It’s hu­mor­ous to me that Google thinks it can “ex­pand the fron­tiers of med­i­cine” and “make peo­ple healthy” by min­ing our elec­tronic med­ical records.” 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The burning question in today's A-hed: *Did* @TomBrady suffer #avocadohand before the AFC Championship in 2018 as many speculated on social media? I def put in a call to a @Patriots rep to ask. #SuperBowl2020 #SuperBowlLIV 
New York Imposes $10 Million Tax Bill on Connecticut-based Hedge-Fund Manager. Assessment was largest deficiency imposed in decades on taxpayer found to be a ‘statutory resident’ of New York state, while living elsewhere. via 
Kinda dovetails an earlier post. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
"Loans backed by retail properties accounted for only 13% of all private-label #CMBS issued in 2019, according to #Trepp. That is down from 18.6% in 2018 and 31.5% in 2013. Lenders have good reason to be cautious." Read more via @PeterGrantwsj : 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Targets Credibility... 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Billie Eilish was the first artist to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 
Sek LIES! "Laura Cooper testified that her staff received an email on July 25 from Ukraine’s embassy staff inquiring about the nearly $400 million in aid to the country" 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Astounded To Learn Anyone Takes Her Seriously 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Now this is interesting... #ImpeachmentTrial GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Progressives Call On African Americans To Quit Their Jobs To Avoid Being Used As A Trump Statistic Sad day to be a Progressive 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Does anyone think we’d even notice any difference. 
Explore C-suite #2020 trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
It's only Tuesday kids! Check back on Friday. #EnjoyTheShow 
The helicopter crash that killed basketball great Kobe Bryant and his daughter also claimed the lives of two other girls and three of their parents, all part of the sports community in Orange County, where Bryant lived 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
@DuffelBagDustin @djmacjr @DougPolkPoker Seems like a good place for this article. 
Medicare for all to cover healthcare and drug costs: What it is and what it isn't - #MedicareforAll #healthcare #drugcosts 
Also, his unconsitent support for immigration reform, voting down a bill in ‘07 that would have legalize millions on immigrants in the US. 
National Democrats made the conscious decision to sacrifice the presidential candidacy of Joe Biden when they first introduced their Articles of Impeachment. "Democrats ‘threw Joe Biden under the bus’" via 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
When Is It Safe for Children to Start Strength Training? - this is for you ⁦@GaryCTS⁩ 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 
@TOPublicHealth Maybe the Purchased Competing Satire media Sites in Canada also only a idiot would believe govt funded news sites all propaganda BS and they also support Iranian terrorists 
I know this an.old article but I thought it was some funny shyt 
U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey via 
Match Group president and former Tinder executive Shar Dubey to take over dating-app conglomerate, as Mandy Ginsberg steps down via 
Why hold a vote on this at all? 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
Last Remaining Chinese Paddlefish Cackling In Rafters Of World Wildlife Fund Press Conference Declaring It Extinct 
@Walli59 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
#Malkan The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job via 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career via 
Nancy Pelosi To Hold Weekly Press Conference Announcing Next Reason Millions Will Die 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Pretty shocking, to be honest. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
Dog Takes Pilgrimage To Holy Site Where It Once Found Rotisserie Chicken On Side Of Road 
#Northam really is a jackass!! 
Arconic considers job cuts due to Boeing 737 MAX production halt: - 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@PATRIQT_1776 @Impeachedforty5 @jdd2169 @Michael16862235 @808constituent @BigFurryNemo @SONADORLIVESON @ethanrafael7 @9CatGhosts @Thumper5465 @a_riggs6 @MrFly187 @QuareFellas @lou_bruette @Lor_blueeyes @wotrwokr @aorgat @ChiefLizWarren @DanH62941620 @JDW714 @rockscot1 @samfoof @gigibuddapdx @V1llageLdiot @Kat80650657 @42Gnome @boodacat2020 @simon_r_katz @DogsBCool @hrt6017 @rantstreamdave @TRL70nova1 @susan_artiga @NolanZugernat @Happygo62185195 @smilingfireowl @SpacialK3 @Star_Lord_Guy @fastcow33 @TrumpForever200 @watsupwitthatms @RoseWoo15096108 @CarrieAMayes @LucarioDoT @ddj9612 @mattrellen @MichelleHillie7 @jukieisme @Mistah_J_2020 @Thumper18560818 Lord. It’s algorithms and IP addresses. So shut down Dot. Hey ... breaking news. 
What happened to the Middle East? Ms. Ghat­tas, a Lebanese-born jour­nalist who has worked for the BBC and the Fi­nan­cial Times, lays out a story that whis­pers: We did it to our­selves. | Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas 
Weak sauce. Virus is transmitted ahead of symptoms (which take 6 to 14 days to develop)&gt;&gt; U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus 
Best AKlo takedown ever! 
@realDonaldTrump Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas rejected the plan. “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct,” he said. 
China is everywhere burrowing in, and we’ve allowed it. Trump must stop this. “Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China” 
So Is anybody goong to stand for the truth &amp; rebuke Bakker?45 gave stormy 130k to save her from porn Industry?🤦🏽‍♂️ 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
markets: Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@JenningsGraves @hambdmah @jessepbowman @TitaniaMcGrath Let's not forget. 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields 
@FsharpAsharp @FlowState_Photo @ChicagoCouncil Here's the first national article about the conversation: 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
At issue for Discover amid its stock fall:whether credit-card company’s borrowers are under financial strain via 
Qatar spent $16.3 million on lobbying in 2017 in the US according to federal filings. As of June 2018, the country was directly employing 23 lobbying firms.. It spent some on lobbyists with ties to Trump and pd. others to ply Congress—a typical approach 
Managing the psychological contagion from Wuhan may be the most important task for U.S. policy makers, writes @HolmanJenkins 
To the Christians in my feed, dont "At me"....you know this is funny lol 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
Sharing the gospel, is that what you're calling having sex with a porn star now? Please tell me people really aren't this stupid. 
@savant_idiom @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Charles #Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about #Chinese government funding at #Harvard. 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
Execution of treasonous is the ticket 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks Heaven forbid! How terrible they inflict such unfathomable pain upon themselves! Turn on your tv- then we can share in their pain- ever seen anything so ridiculous? 
What does it take to overcome life’s adversities? The secrets of resilience via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
@JoeBiden @SenRickScott @realDonaldTrump Good! They should be running Nationwide! 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
it is a major worry, too. Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
This is , but oh so true! @SenJoniErnst #IMPOTUS45 #ImpeachmentHearings Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
@johnchalloran @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
Vale’s former CEO and others have been charged with homicide and other charges. Vale said it was “perplexed” by the charges. Whether anyone spends any real time in jail remains to be seen. (END) 
German Defense Minister—and heir apparent to Angela Merkel—Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is calling for increased defense spending and a hawkish line on foreign policy. 
@gregolear Is Olear part of the 21st c Tammany Hall "#StopSanders" campaign w Bernard Schwartz, Pelosi, Schumer, Clintons, Obamas, Buttigieg, et al? Or is he just another antiSlav bigot who is profiting off of spreading hatred and fear? #BlameRussia 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
@HillaryKelly These tweets reminded me of the one good article. But also, I love NY. 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
I voted for @cryptunez 
Josef Joffe reviews “Black Wave” by Kim Ghattas 
.@GoogleHealth &amp; @DeepMindAI created a #AI model helping doctors spot breast cancer - currently affecting “1 in 8 women in the U.S.” According to @AmericanCancer. @babbott42 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
Direct AND indirect monetization of patient data. This isn’t altogether bad...in fact, this can be very good for our healthcare system. 
My ninth crossword #wsjxw is out now! Hope you enjoy. 
Wait. I thought trump was going to pay this off? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
That's just inconsiderate 
Tech predictions for 2020: the rise of hearables, the retreat of unicorns and the arrival (really this time!) of 5G via 
Yes @ubykotex 👏 It was time 🩸👉 Kotex uses realistic-looking red fluid in new ads, ditching the antiseptic-blue liquid that major brands usually deploy to represent menstrual blood via 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Tokyo Portal Outage Delays Millions Of Japanese Warp Commuters 
This made me laugh so hard I peed my pants a little. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
#China’s #cryptocurrency will likely outflank Libra, &amp; could pave the way to a new global currency order - it’s adoption is secured in China, its challenge will be the high street bank-biased west - video by 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues Very art and anthropocene from 
- Trump Mideast Plan Said to Favor Israeli Goals - President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, concedes McConnell 
Too bad they didn't so it before re-authorising the Patriot Act 
Even better! (This is what they're really worried about) 
reports McConnell doesn't have votes to stop witnesses. Keep calling your senators! Text TRIAL to 21333 and reply with your zip code to be connected! #JohnBoltonMustTestify 
Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses 
On-time arrivals, fewest canceled flights and lowest rate of involuntary bumping made the difference for Delta via 
New from me: the growing coronavirus outbreak will test investors' faith in bets that the global economy will pick up this year. 
@StormyDaniels must be laughing so hard at this! 
Shifting models that limit risk arrangements, such as joint ventures, franchising and management agreements are some of the ways real estate companies are being more cautious. 
@kevankharris :“Elite fragmentation collapses states; social movements don’t" 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Treasury Yields Fall After Fed Decision 
Neighbor Oblivious To Fact She Being Groomed For Cat-Sitting 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support! #CableGuy #NothingWorksRight 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Supreme Court Allows Victims Of Heart Disease, Obesity To Sue Utensil Manufacturer 
That's the last straw. 
Breaking: Comey Hearing Confirms Whatever You Already Wanted To Believe | 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. via 
Target CIO Helped Retailer Find Its Tech Groove- #Target #CIO 
Technology can be tricky. 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Sounds plausible, actually. 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
As dairy farmers struggle, a proposed Dean-DFA merger raises concerns. "Absorbing Dean’s operations could give DFA more than 60% share of fluid-milk sales in upper Midwestern markets like Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa..." 
@JohnCornyn You are lying....again: 
CNN and Ignorance via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@shelbyholliday @catherine_lucey Com'on @MikeBloomberg Buy their ads 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
@bad_takes @QanonAnonymous Evergreen 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
"I swore an oath to a butterfly holding another butterfly as a murder weapon that I would incorporate all dreams into my own waking dream." 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners. 
Says an administration official: “We are still in the game.” Updated story on a wild day with the stellar Hill team: 
#Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong #iPhone, App Sales 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments | 
Bill de Blasio has absolutely wrecked New York neighborhoods with dozens of soulless glass high-rises that have tiny rooms and block the sky and exist only to get him campaign dollars from real-estate developers. It's the worst. 
My op ed in tomorrow’s Wall Street Journal on steps we should take to prevent epidemic spread of #coronavirus with #FDA collleague Lu Borio, formerly of the National Security Council. opinion 
Way cool! 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. ⁦@mattdemichiel⁩ 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Public Disapproval Of Iran Approach Convinces Trump To Reverse Soleimani Killing 
More Unborn Babies Disguising Themselves As Baby Yoda To Avoid Being Aborted 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns It’s good to know that there’s at least one timeline in which society survived the current foolishness and returned to normal. #BabylonBee #Satire 
Kobe Helicopter Didn't Have Critical Warning System, Officials Say 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws via 
High-risk suppliers should be left out of sensitive or critical parts of 5G infrastructure, says the document expected to be published Wednesday 
@nytimes Trump, is drawn to Foreign, political autocrats, as a U.S.A. political, autocrat. Trump governance does not include humanity, normal, human need, or compassion. These qualities and properties are fundamentally, inter-twined into all that is The U.S.A.. 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Judge Denies Dismissal Of Lewdness Charges For Woman Found Topless In Own Home #lol #comedy 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
Trump Campaign Targets Iowa to Show Strength, Boost GOP Caucus Turnout - n 
'Waze for Work? Navigation Apps Come to Mazelike Offices' 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
@CourthouseNews that'll stop 'em! 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
Trump bankrupting USA same as his businesses. “Not since World War II has the coun­try seen deficits dur­ing times of low un­em­ploy­ment that are as large as those that we project” The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
I'm deeply grateful for @UniteHere11's endorsement. They're on the front lines of the fights for better wages, benefits, and dignity on the job—including when they won their historic contract with Sodexo. I'm proudly fighting by their side. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Fascist, anti-America, anti-Constitution governor- Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Hate buying cleaning supplies? There’s a pill for that: 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
@realDonaldTrump You’re killing us with this stuff Fatman. You’re running the country like you ran your casinos...into the ground and bankrupt. 
3M reported a drop in earnings in the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit. via 
"The NYTimes’s story contains no 'bombshells, 'notwithstanding the media hype. Anyone paying attention,or who has read Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson’s Nov. 18 letter to House Members, knows that Mr. Trump mistrusted Ukraine and considered cutting off aid." 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@scarlettrabe @MollyJongFast @NPRKelly Speaking of God’s self-appointed spokesmen, Merry early-Xmas from me: 
Rx Fake but true 
@LewisForMN Last time they gave us estimated $1 Billion Free. Looks like they are on pace to gift us $2 Billion !! 🤣 
: 1c4f8070-8f9b-4579-b8a3-36b90a6137cd 
Film Character Moves Into Beautiful Brooklyn Brownstone After Getting Dream Publishing Job 
Is that what they call the 🍆 these days? 
During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. Reality has moved dramatically in the opposite direction. 
give us your tired... your ... financially independent? i for one would not be here if that were the mantra on the statue of liberty. so many of us wouldn't. 
The White House is scrambling to respond to the John Bolton's book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
Be a rebel. 
The latest on the #KobeBryantcrash: the helicopter was descending at 2,000 feet a minute and wasn't equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system, the NTSB said. w/ @bzcohen 
Su­per Bowl at­ten­dees on av­er­age are from house­holds mak­ing about $240,000 a year and are typ­i­cally a “high-end, up­per man­age­ment con­sumer.” 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
McDonald’s will pilot new breakfast sandwiches – chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits, a move that comes as the fast-food chain faces intense competition at the start of the day. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
New Jersey’s Economic Development Authority will change how the agency makes money after a state task force raised concerns about a potential conflict of interest 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Ooohhh la la let this be true... the people deserve to know the truth &amp; a fair trial with witnesses. Truth will now have the chance to finally come out. Don’t stop calling Senators. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
The Wall Street Journal: U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump. via @GoogleNews 
Coronavirus Hits Hong Kong as Economy Reels From Protests - 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Iran’s Leadership Works to Heal Rifts Opened Amid Protests, U.S. Pressure 
It was just a matter of time... In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Grammys Accused Of Bias Toward Music That Accurately Represents What Nation At Large Listening To 
@paulosaelias @claudioedantas Fogo de palha.. What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Oscars Committee Announces New Host: Jordan Peterson | 
How to make your job application robot proof! "Job seekers often spend hours online researching employers and polishing their applications and résumés. Then they hit send. And they hear nothing. Ever." #hiring #recruitment #resumes #employers 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | ... but seriously, We the People can't let this Schiff Head win! Let's stop them cold! 
Haven't they heard about christine Lagarde's golden age. U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
UK's Financial Conduct Authority says high-speed trading costs other investors $5 billion per year: 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
: a335617a-3554-43e5-a524-2afe3bee38c1 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
LET THERE BE LIGHT!🕯McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@Lovemypupper @yashar @maggieNYT @nytmike Just to remind folks, that $1.7 billion was a ransom payment for the release of hostages taken by Iran. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Join #SwarmTheSenate tomorrow to demand #WitnessesAndDocuments- we can't let this come down to the last vote! McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
@kdswolfhead You mean like this: 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
@ZRealLoki @ANONYMOUSQANON @therealjefani @MeemzerTrudy @RTerriers @hogansgoat2423 @4heartandsoul @jaimec729 @SouprahflyN @GaliciaMunoz1 @TWITMO_INMATE @FantGil @Gh0stEternal @AnJillOfLight @keresen_bennath @Distinct_Words @MissesJ3 @LavenderLives @OdinBsmart @AwareFrequency @Devine_freedom @HB04920973 @Mary12694411 @Ascension_Guide @voeljegoed @_Love_Anon @ThomasFines @VeteransAlways_ @kikaltz @Txgrown2020 @donnie_maga @FederalistNo78 @terryca53306307 @small_buggy @PhoenixxRizen @RaeAnon @PatriotsDontSlp @KevinMPick @Iknow04042015 @cocobutt07 @celtgunn @DanaElizabeth69 @Djmwhb3C @Lady_Miss_M @RockyShorz @Loki_1399 @peintress3 @paulacblades001 @IndiginousBrit Don't worry, it won't be boring forever. Q3787 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The John Bolton Report - If he has any honor he will do this. 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
Read @ByronTau on why a lengthy court fight would be unlikely 
@BobPattersonSJ is the true conservative in the race with lifelong liberal Jeff Van Drew. via 
The QE-without-investment chickens coming home to roost once again... A synchronized housing slowdown is a new cloud over global growth via 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
@EmmaVigeland Trying to win. 
@Ryan_Mahoney @candicebroce And another! LOL! 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
@El__Bohemio It's about to change. 🤣🤣 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn 
Satire.but.not.far.from.what.was.acutally said 
Hong Kong-China Travel to Be Reduced Significantly Due to Coronavirus 
Credit Suisse Chief uses Instagram to Rebut Claim He Ordered Damaging Information. He says "Staying silent is no longer a viable strategy” #TuckCC 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early | 
@Jillian1008 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Further proof of a dumb idea now virtue clamoring on the coat tails of a beloved athlete’s tragic death. Nobody cared about your damn peanuts to begin with 
"...may provide limited marginal economic benefit [ya think?!] to the country as a whole." Tru dat: 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | - 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
Here’s why I’m challenging longtime Democrat Jeff Van Drew, who’s now running in the Republican primary, writes @BobPattersonSJ via 
Uncannily Skilled 'Dungeons &amp; Dragons' Enthusiast Might Be Antichrist | 
TPG in Talks to Split With Its $33 Billion Credit-Investing Arm 
Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
A relaxation guide for stressful times: Articles from The Wall Street Journal explore ways to keep your health and relationships free of the effects of stress 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
@360q @_EmmaGH @LiYuan6 Wuhan mayor admits systematic enabling of the outbreak: 
Poll Finds 54% Of Americans Approve Executing Trump But Leaving Him In Office 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
Josef Centeno’s cookbook “Amá” is a collection of stories, family recipes, and Los Angeles–infused takes on a highly mutable cuisine: 
We may yet have witnesses! 
@StillKicking62 @AEA @SenJohnBarrasso @SenRonJohnson @GrassleyPress @irs If you are conservative, you'll vote for the Democrat in 2020. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It I'm in! @RepAdamSchiff @RepJeffries @RepJerryNadler @SpeakerPelosi #ImpeachTheBugger @cspanwj @realDonaldTrump 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
@BurdChaz @RepJeffries They were in a hurry to rush to judgment. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
‘Arabesque’ Review: A Line as Distinctive as It Is Variable ‘Suave,’ ‘scrolling,’ ‘sinuous’: However one describes it, the ‘arabesque’ takes on a vibrant life of its own. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn. Read it &amp; weep or smile 
am i the only person looks at the new cities in China and thinks, 20 years, an economic downturn, Cabrini Green on steroids 
@realDonaldTrump The economy is great he says 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find via 
Catalyst Capital Advisors, which bought and sold options, lost $700 million on bearish bets. It settled claims with regulators that it misled investors about procedures for limiting losses. Paid $10.5 million. via @davidamichaels markets 
AI Helps Spot Dental Fraud. Tools help insurers analysis dental records for fraud via #AI #Fraud #Healthcare #accounting #reporting #audit 
Why Mitch McConnell drives opponents into conniptions. 
“I don’t care if you’ve got 100 hours or 10,000 hours, it can happen to anyone.” And it did. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Really fascinating ongoing debate. Technology that has transformed the sport! Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy #SEMETHICS19 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says: U.K. regulator’s study says ‘latency arbitrage’ imposes a small but significant tax on investors 
NATO looks to boost the number of training and military personnel to its mission in Iraq, following calls from President Trump for the alliance to do more in the Middle East. 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Lazy Poor Person Has Never Earned #PassiveIncome From Stock Dividends A Day In His Life #Investing #CapitalGains #Satire #Economics #Poverty #OccupyWallStreet #WallStreet 
MSNBC Poll Finds Support For Bernie Sanders Has Plummeted 2 Points Up 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean #satire #joke 
Key Players In Trump’s Impeachment Trial 
LOL 😂 Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Interesting read from Wall Street Journal 
Trump’s unconventional diplomacy is on display in Israel and the Balkans. via 
@SaftyInNumbers @Bronsays @PollyCHaag @neal_katyal @nytimes Looks like we may never find out. Apparently #MoscowMitch doesn't have the votes to keep stonewalling. 
With his unprotected dick? 
Say What? Then why Did 45 pay $165,000.00? To keep her mouth shut about her New Salvation? Vipers! 
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt via 
@realDonaldTrump #ConvictAndRemoveTrump Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
@islandsky72 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility....so the only one who has credibility is the mentality deranged Trump @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
At least he's not going to the one in Boulder: buncha hippies whimpering that you own a car.... 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Italy’s Delayed Political Revolution 
Having experienced a stitch-inducing avocado injury over the summer, take heed of this article! Friends, use a butter knife or even a specially purposed plastic serrated tool if you must. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #TornadoTrump 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The SEC has identified some strong practices in cybersecurity that it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch 
Here's a hospital pass if ever there was one. Interesting to see if his boss visits ground zero. Chinese President Xi Jinping’s decision to put his No. 2 in charge of the coronavirus outbreak to represents a role reversal with risks for both men via 
In Shocking News . . Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar- As Adam Schiff gave his opening arguments, stunned witnesses claim a huge plank suddenly appeared protruding from his left eye socket.😂😂 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
@NatSecReporter Reminds me of this “anything that a woman does is empowering” piece: 
A recent study on #FASB’s new lease accounting rules could have impacted company stock returns, especially for the #retail industry. 
Hysterical editorial and makes me think twice about reading the journal. “Trump changed his mind about the aid?” You forgot to mention AFTER HE GOT CAUGHT AND CONGRESS WAS INVESTIGATING. Paid propaganda? 
Nation's Progressive Christians Applaud Hell For Being So Inclusive 
There's a new maverick in the senate 
Ah hahahahaha! Good one! Satire and parody are a lifeline during these dark times 
“That’s when people try seven-layer dip,” Dr. Patel said. “Take precaution when you make it.” A fun read as I start preparing for the big game. #GoNiners! via 
Near record-low yields in riskier corporate bonds look more attractive to investors after accounting for shrinking expected life spans 
Atheist Rushed To Hospital After Cutting Self On Edgy Facebook Comment 
Hundreds of Americans are preparing to fly out of Wuhan, but more U.S. citizens aren’t leaving, having failed to secure a seat on the single U.S.-bound flight or decided to ride out the emergency 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Tech giants apparently want to be regulated. 
markets: Here are some of the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Tuesday’s session 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers via The answer is NO 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@cnnbrk @WHO @CBSNews @AlJazeera @BBCBreaking @EuParlament @Reuters @VOANews @arirangtvnews @CCTV_CHINA Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via #China #Wuhan #coronoavirus 
Huawei was given the green light to build part of Britain’s next-generation 5G cellular network, with the U.K. government dismissing calls from the U.S. to boycott the Chinese telecom-equipment vendor over security fears. 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa (Wall Street Journal) 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
“Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year and is projected to reach 98% by 2030.” 
@Aaronious_Monk Don't know of a single Trump supporter who's not delighted by Lemon's messaging here. 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
@gtconway3d Check it out, hot off the presses! 
Woops! 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Proposed overhaul of Medicaid-eligibility rules is stirring a debate via 
@cafecomferri Corona mortalidade &lt;&lt; SARS What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
I re-read this at least once a year. 
Europe Girds for Trade Battle With U.S. 
I gotta say, I much rather watch this mayor in prime time that watching Ruin*lani cavorting in places he don’t belong 😝🤣😂 « CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad » 
Aaaand just a day later... Here's your periodic reminder to not listen to the macro tourists or MSM with their proclivity to peddle the easy narrative... 
@GraemeE13 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Regulators Probe Potential Dean Foods Merger- #DeanFoods #Merger 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
@JakeSherman @thespybrief @BresPolitico @heatherscope @burgessev @marianne_levine Fyi 🤷‍♀️ McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Say what? ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
SOFR, the rate the Fed hopes will replace Libor, is finally gaining traction in derivatives markets via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Users of social media in China have replaced the Chinese term for “coronavirus” with “government official-shaped virus”—which sounds the same in Mandarin—to mock what they see as a fumbling response from the state. 
: 9a42fcc8-6f51-49af-b0c2-7f57d20964bc 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' 
‘The Cowboy Thing Is Over,’ Says Lil Nas X Appearing On Red Carpet Dressed As 17th-Century Puritan Minister 
In the end, money/fame won't save you from horrific national- and state-level infra planning. There is a reason Trump is the only president or nominee in modern memory not to lose loved one to traffic violence. He lived his whole adult life in Manhattan. 
The White House has grown concerned about two more GOP senators voting for witnesses: Toomey and Portman. “From last week to today, the appetite for witnesses went from ducks after bread to sharks chasing blood,” a GOP aide said. w/@siobhanehughes 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
An explanation of the Spannel child, perhaps? #giantbaby 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
reports: McConnell says Republican leaders don't currently have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
This is SO funny! Had to share. ❤️😊😂😜🥛☕️🇺🇸✨ #SenatorRomney #BYUCreameryChocolateMilkIsTheBest @BYU @SenatorRomney 
@sarahkendzior I mean, the was four years ahead of the curve with this one: 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses thye overthrow of a duley elected president is at hand thanks to the fuckin ball less gopp 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
⁦@theMMPodcast ⁦@billburr⁩ -⁩ disgusting! Recent viral videos have shown airline passengers going extremely barefoot on flights, much to the horror of their fellow travelers 
Wedding Guest Blissfully Unaware She Barely Made The Cut 
Q POST 3788 Justice Department Believes It Should Have Ended Surveillance of Trump Adviser Earlier Correction will be needed: ALL SURV re: POTUS [hops] will be concluded that there was “insufficient predication to establish probable cause." Q 
.@MattWirz from makes the case for #REIT stocks amidst falling bond yields. Read the full article: $WPC 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions 
@atrupar Did you read this? Funniest thing I've read in awhile... 
Just read Frustrated Gunman Can’t Believe How Far He Has To Drive To Find Nearest Planned Parenthood Clinic in @Pocket: 
On This Day In History: January 23, 1924 
@realDonaldTrump How do you think they will start your defense? There are so many ways to defend your pervect behavior. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
MyPOV: Prevention and containment is key! #publichealth It’s inevitable that the #coronavirus will continue to spread, but here’s what we can do to prevent a grim outcome, write @llborio and @ScottGottliebMD via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@katalva3 GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
Ol' #CocaineMitch is really setting the Dem's hair on fire. Nice. via 
Experts Warn Murders Will Just Occur In Back Alleys If Murder Outlawed 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
SO SAD! "Not long ago, the [Democrat] party advertised itself as the champion of the working class and blue-collar unions...Now the radical greens hold rallies across the country to save the planet by replacing these well-paid jobs with pink slips." 
Does this even count as satire if it's just taking what pundits actually said and making it 0.1% more ridiculous? 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies vía 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales Devices and services linked to iPhone help fuel surge 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Fund That Lost $700 Million on Bearish Bets Fined 
Boeing supplier Arconic said it expected to lose $400 million in sales and could cut jobs this year as a result of the plane maker’s halted production of the 737 MAX. 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores 
@benfowlkesMMA Remember when he thought this was real? 
“Let me repeat: Nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, would rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense....” #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It! CNN CEO and founder said, “and it’s a lot of cost savings, as we’re just paying the cable bill, “I don’t actually have to pay those two to yell at FOX News.” 
“These cases highlight why OSTP’s Joint Committee on the Research Environment has taken a behavior-based approach to the challenges posed by foreign-government sponsored talent recruitment programs." - Dr. Kelvin Droegemeier, Director of @WHOSTP 
Obama Reminds Democrats To Save The Far-Left Stuff Until After They Get Elected 
Virus Tests Faith in Global Economy 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial | 
@kdt471 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
@1776Stonewall In her defense: Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Chifa, a new restaurant in Los Angeles by Opening Ceremony’s Humberto Leon, will be open in time for Chinese New Year. Leon is serving as creative marketing director, while the kitchen will be helmed by his mother, Wendy Leon, and brother-in-law John Liu. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings (a parodial comment) 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
@BallsLiberal @Paddy7x7 @PeterMacKay Economy os indeed exploding. Feds had to put $70 billion into stock market to prevent collapse! Vets hate Trump 
- “It is very important that the people feel they can make a choice between several options.” - @HassanRouhani #Iran has parliamentary elections coming up on February 21 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣😂🤣 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
@peterdaou @HillaryClinton @leeladaou Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela 
Calling all, we need to take down this app so that the people's vote cannot be tampered with. The app is unproven, insecure, and can only disrupt the caucus process! #OurVote #FairElections #OurVoice 
Palestinians Reject Trump Administration’s Middle East Peace Plan - 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
From opinion: “Stakeholder capitalism” empowers unaccountable elites at the expense of free-market nationalism, writes Richard J. Shinder 
@DearAuntCrabby @realDonaldTrump is a satire site. No one is legitimately claiming that @realDonaldTrump has ever been near a gospel, let alone tried to spread it. 
: “at a meeting of all Republican senators late Tuesday, GOP leaders told their conference that they don’t currently have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called” #SuckItMitch 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
: b4675fe2-8157-4923-ad55-10ad0bc47aeb 
“False choice” is how I’d imagine @yhazony’s response. 
Some say cheetah print is the new neutral—but these 10 looks show off the pattern’s vibrant side. 
More with less: The company has about 4,000 IT employees, down from roughly 10,000 before Michael McNamara became CIO in 2015 via 
Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' | 
markets: What are 'yield caps' and how do they fit into the Federal Reserve's plans? 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Which reminds me of this gem: 
This!!! Words escape me regarding the “explanation” of what Trump was doing w/a Porn Star while his 3rd wife was dealing with a young child! I’m sure it was a deeply probing “discussion” of short duration! Pun and innuendo intended! 
Homeless, Disheveled Prince Harry Spotted Eating Out Of Garbage Can Just 24 Hours After Stepping Away From Monarchy 
Yeah, its just like that 
We later published many papers and popular science articles, urging everyone to stop eating wild animals and not to have too close contact with wild animals.” Seventeen years on, that message is finally being heard by those in a position to take action. v 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Keeping the Chinese Communist Party out of our research laboratories is a crucial act of self defense. It’s unforgivable for U.S. citizens to aid foreign adversaries in stealing American intellectual property. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN :) lol 
Number troops injured in Iran missile attack now at 50 after President Trump originally said no one was hurt, later played down severity of injuries, @nancyayoussef reports 
Absolutely gobsmacked that Kobe Bryant's helicopter wasn't equipped with a terrain warning system, which may have literally saved the lives of everyone on board. We'll never know for sure. 
🤣🤣🤣 and 😭😭😭 at the same time. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Finally! Some fake news you can trust In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
“It’s very unnerving to see a Democratic candidate like Bernie Sanders try to court voters from varying constituencies and demographics. It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump" 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes #impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial @trevornoah @L8ShowColbert @GOPLeader @SpeakerPelosi @senatemajldr @mmpadellan @WhiteHouse @thehill @gtconway3d @jaketapper @AC360 @wolfblitzer 
Bosses, Get Out of Your Employees’ Way 
Biden Claims He Was There 3,000 Years Ago When Isildur Took The Ring And The Strength Of Men Failed 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
ICYMI: Our look at the helicopter flight that killed #KobeBryant and everyone else onboard. w/ @bzcohen 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Love to see a luxury brand creating reusable packaging for a product accessible to a wider audience - does double duty @JCopestakeEY | Hermès is leaping into makeup for the first time in its 183-year history, with lipstick colors drawn from their archive 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman #joke #satire 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@CavazosLiz @seungminkim @maggieNYT McConnell has according to the : 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows | 
Well, we simply cannot have that.🍌 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally #MSM 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
In the face of strident US opposition, #Huawei will have a limited role in the development of UK's #5G infrastructure by builiding noncritical equipment. For further analysis please read our #EconoGraphic : 
Atlanta News Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what via 
Smelly Gulag-Lover Bernie Sanders Spends Relaxing Afternoon At Target Ranting At Wide Selection Of Deodorants 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Great satire or the Truth??? 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
@brianstelter @sbg1 @oliverdarcy @JohnAvlon @SalenaZito @MZanona @lyzl @CNN "We've long admired CNN's ability to parody leftist media organizations so effortlessly, and we're thrilled to have them under 's umbrella," said CEO Seth Dillon 👇 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever 
Schiff Warns That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Deserted streets. Closed shops. Wuhan, the city at the center of a deadly coronavirus outbreak, looks like a ghost town. 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden || Sorry I missed this yesterday. Believe Martin Luther would have gone with MLK 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
: 3147d1bb-0ebc-4232-9df6-47ad67fbcc0e 
In major deal, the Babylon Bee purchases competing satire site CNN. BabBee➛ ➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢➢ 
Bernie, Boomers and Earnest Young Socialists 
@davidamichaels markets The fund's big losses when the S&amp;P 500 jumped to records in 2017 became the talk of Wall Street: @chrisdieterich 
Pelosi gets the favorable press, yet McConnell always seems to outfox her, writes @wjmcgurn 
As I mentioned, maybe if you have a bridge for sale... 
: 7ffe846a-581f-4c46-a419-f1b4e1897572 
Child Who Just Lost Balloon Begins Lifelong Battle With Depression 
Props to @MittRomney for getting caught with @BYU creamery chocolate milk today! if you’re gonna get busted on the Senate floor, do it with the gold standard! #byu 
Americans in Wuhan Prepare to Flee Outbreak---While Others Stay 
This will keep the Fed on pause mode for a little while longer: New orders for nondefense capital goods excluding aircraft—or so-called core capital goods orders—decreased 0.9% in December from the previous month via 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@gaywonk @mmfa Jerry nadler and Adam Schiff both lied during the hearings, basically telling Republicans they are covering up if they don't believe Democrats. This is more truthful than the Democrats ⬇️⬇️ 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! I've noticed some people DO NEED HELP! LOL 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace via 
- Join the conversation on @clouthub 
Is university research the frontline of the new cold war? 
@aseitzwald @lisabonos @chrismeagher My version of this story was way pre-Tinder 
Liberals Say @BernieSanders’ Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He is Trying To Win Election 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of 'Schism' - The Wall Street Journal #germany #german 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial 
Just like the time(s) Jim Bakker shared the gospel with his masseuse. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker” 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
WHAT. THE. ACTUAL. FUCK. Is a thing I almost literally screamed on my train home just now. 
New: Ahead of Iowa caucuses, Buttigieg campaign sees some staff departures + concerns about racial inclusivity. After a Dec retreat on diversity &amp; inclusion, staffers continued to be frustrated. Attended more meetings in an apartment building Our story: 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Mitch McConnell says the GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. This is a victory for every American, and especially those who have pushed their Senators to hold a real trial. via 
A sense of emptiness. A need to hide their true selves. Younger workers feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor | 
John Bolton, the former Trump national-security adviser, has unsettled his own Republican friends, who must decide whether he will play a potentially crucial role in the impeachment trial of President Trump by providing testimony 
Talking about tech CEO’s calls to be regulated on today’s TNB pod: 
Sounds about right! @CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
As Part Of Settlement With Nick Sandmann, CNN Hosts Must Wear MAGA Hats During All Broadcasts | 
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at different sites in Iowa ahead of the Feb. 3 caucuses 
I don’t want to hear about Trump’s version of spreading the good news. 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
#CNN#Lemon#Fired/ and Ignorance via 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales - 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
@jpaula58 @ray2272 @kasie @AdamSchiff Joe Biden Forced Ukraine to Fire Prosecutor for Aid Money 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Harvard's Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
Welcome news. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
CNN and Ignorance. 
Recipe Passed Down From Grandma Gussied Up To Be Less Poor 
@brianschatz Why are you afraid of the truth? Joe Biden is hopelessly corrupt. "A consulting firm hired by Burisma Group mentioned that Joe Biden’s son served on the Ukrainian gas company’s board so the firm could leverage a meeting with the State Department." 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for coronavirus via 
Legalizing marijuana regains attention among state lawmakers 
He wasn't fucking her, he was sharing the Bible with her. 🤔🤔🤔. Guess we now know what they call it 🍆🍆🍆. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Hotel owners around the host city of Miami are already scoring big with room rates expected to hit a record for the big game #EconomicImpact #Miami #SuperBowl via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
#Wuhan’s mayor says #Xi partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency. #Xi sends Premier #LiKeqiang to #Wuhan to take flack. Turmoil at top. ⁦@GordonGChang⁩ ⁦@mikepillsbury⁩ #Econ, #HongKong #Xinjiang #Churches 
For more exemplary journalism, visit 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
MyPOV: Play an instrument? Keep your day job. No, really, it’s fine. Google has an employee orchestra, Salesforce goes a cappella. Houston Medical Center Orchestra allows musicians to step away to deliver babies. 
Stacey Abrams Still Living In VR Simulation Of Alternate Reality Where She Won Georgia Election 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
I'll believe it when I see it 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder 
@youngdog77 @William25894180 @HealthCareHuck @brithume They had their chance.. They decided not to. Why? 
Oh ... oh no ... AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set via 
.@FNLawFirm attorney Majed Nachawati talks to the about moving parts behind #Roundup settlement talks by @LauraKusisto &amp; @RuthBender 
@Wobbledance1 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
#SuperBowlLIV 🏈🥑🔪🖐🤕 *Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back—With a Vengeance* 'Super Bowl Sunday, one of the biggest avocado-consumption days in the U.S., has the potential to be particularly perilous' - 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
“Sanders can be heard promising a highly underprivileged audience everything from a minimum-wage increase to healthcare access to educational opportunities—whatever it takes to get them on his side,in exchange for their votes. 
A moving story from @rsimon18, about a company dedicated to giving workers second chances. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus - 
lol! In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
"We need a President who stands with workers against rapacious corporate greed &amp; relentlessly encourages workers to join the UNION!" —@UNITEHERE11 #unitehere Warren, Sanders Endorsed by Union in December Debate Dispute via 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
@Jeanjeannie20 @RevDrDickMove @DawsonSField I’m sure he’s exceptionally good at “sharing the Gospel” in that threesome. 
Virus Sparks Soul-Searching Over #China’s Wild #Animal Trade #coronavirus 
Xi Jinping built up what many consider to be the world’s most sophisticated censorship machine to control public debate. Now that system is being put to the test as authorities try to dictate the narrative around the virus outbreak. @Lingling_Wei 
Too 'conservative'! 
Sanchez Energy’s unsecured creditors are seeking court permission to pursue claims they say are worth hundreds of millions of dollars 
This is for the "China is doing a great job disclosing so much info on #coronavirus" kind of guys. #Wuhan di 
💣💣💣💣💣💣💣.... GOP failed you get enough votes to block #impeachment witnesses.. #Trump #prison 
Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions - The Wall Street Journal: * Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions  The Wall Street Journal * 5-4 Supreme Court allows rule to take effect that could reshape legal immigration  CNN * Ocasio-Cortez Condemns Trump's… 
With search success in mind, fashion brands are picking increasingly complex names 
Hey #Resistance, you don't owe the Trump defense team an open mind. You KNOW they're lying. You're not a juror. Save time and aggravation, judge him. 
⁦@SenWarren⁩ ⁦@BernieSanders ⁦@KamalaHarris⁩ time to call the witnesses. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians vía 
Man On Deathbed Deeply Regrets Not Spending More Time Arguing On Facebook 
What an intricately-knitted tent we all just thrive along inside of...👋🙏👏 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Patrick Mahomes didn’t invent the Air Raid. But he did something more important: became the offensive philosophy’s greatest prophet. via 
#CrookedGOP #senate doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Report: Smart Car Terrible For Doughnuts 
“This is just the Sanders campaign opening the gates to a plurality of people who would vote for him and help him win the presidency,” 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
@ClaraJeffery Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 28, 2020 
After WeWork, #RealEstate #Tech #Startups Rethink Pursuit of “Fast” Growth. #PropTech raised $31.56 Billion in equity &amp; debt, a more than 3x increase since 2018. 
It's an old article on a relevant topic. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
I'm waiting for the paywall to drop to read this one ....They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
@Boston_Grandpa @BostonStrongB @actionp24 @ACJJustice @DCooper_Resists @Cptnrwrpnts @bjcreigh @AVestige1 @CannabizLawyr @brat2381 @BlueBobHMueller @Kimmerella16 @Supermom1242 @debsomewhere @eronel35 @GaryBetsy @Sparkies53 @bdonikian @Jabbadaddy2016 @BrienneOfSnark_ @BigotedVsBigots @bkgut3 @MissGFYCuffy @caramba0309 @gramV319 @nullnotvoid @Distracted66 @EnigMaRic @ellenc53 @luisafontana @truthtalk4once @fdell3 @MichelleResists @FallenAngelAll @eestesx3 @nicole_bertrand @darknessn2light @backspring2011 @scoootchover @xlawyer90 @IamKarenBoBaran @BlueCollarBret @JodyJodyvie @GOVTWINE @agingactivist @nickey1969 @Msmariablack @MrDarkWolfe @harmony71567 PLEASE SAY IT’S TRUE 🤞🏻#Witnesses 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal 
@JayCostTWS @brianstelter Haha CNN seems to always be worried about Fox. I’d don’t watch Fox but I don’t even trust @CNN 
Potluck Scandal: Betty Tries To Pass Off Store-Bought Pie As Homemade 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Does this scare anyone else? U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - ⁦⁩ 
For , @ColumbiaJournMA alum @MicahMaidenberg (MA Business ‘17) reports that a lawsuit claims that Martin Shkreli and an associate tried to block generic versions of a drug. 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. via 
Contraband at work. Typical politician behavior. 
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. 
From Discover on Google 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis 
The chopper wasn’t equipped with a terrain awareness and warning system, or TAWS, which could have provided critical information to the pilot about the mountainous area. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
: 18d18527-10ff-4a28-9cef-9cce32985d14 
.@Joe_Nye weighs in on the "Five Best" presidents that embody morality in foreign policy from FDR to Trump. 
: Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Babylon Bee, genius. (But don't anyone tell the diligent fact-checkers at 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
You are a snake and a horrible person @SenatorRomney How DARE YOU! cc: @MittRomney 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others have emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
The defense team enters the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
Want To Live To 100? Why? 
That's it!!! @realDonaldTrump has crossed a line with this one! 😡 
More and more we are all becoming Edith Heare. 
@SenSchumer HERE IS A FACT - 
Baptist Church Security Detains Man Trying To Smuggle Tambourine Into Service | 
#Apple posted #record #revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of #iPhones, #apps and its #AirPods wireless earbuds. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down, according to an internal memo, months before the company is to be spun off 
@CassandraRules This morning, Clinton posted that she felt "great sadness" at hearing that Gabbard had killed herself. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Companies Restructure to Escape the Brunt of U.S. Sanctions - #sanctions 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
“Moscow Mitch” says GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses. The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker It was a very small mushroom shaped gospel. 
@mkraju Yeah right 
Makes complete sense.... ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
ELECT A DEMOCRAT - HOLD ONTO YOUR WALLET. THEY WANT TO DOUBLE YOUR TAX BURDEN. WHEN WILL ENOUGH BE ENOUGH? APPARENTLY 100% WOULD STILL NOT BE ENOUGH 5 w 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: Academics Take Aim at Regional Fed Banks in New Research, in CentralBanks - #monetarypolicy - 
She also pointed out that if Jews went back to where they came from they'd just go back to Israel, which she doesn't want. "But maybe we could push them into the sea or something." Omar &amp; Tlaib... really wish they'd just govern and stop hating israel 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Is it ever acceptable to go barefoot on a flight? 
RIP Jim Lehrer, the late PBS news anchor and reporter. Good stuff here. Notable via 
"Nobody needs a sling that holds five rocks just to go hunting or protect their sheep," said one Philistine woman with pink hair and several face piercings. "This... 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar . 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
@billygendell @briebriejoy Will you also undo @POTUS44 / @POTUS law forcing (extorting) other nations to discriminate on basis of citizenship? Under #FATCA foreign banks, terrified of US #sanctions for errors, increasingly denying banking to those w/ US indicia. 
@MoveOn A true “mask off” moment, exposing Sanders’s goal—It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Green-Bond Trading Is Going Electronic - 
"The rules have the potential to reshape the type of immigrants who are allowed into the U.S. and significantly curb the number of people granted permanent residence each year." #immigration #PublicCharge 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Well alright! lol Paula Britzzalaro 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I can see their faces now, chiseled in stone, on Mount Taxmore. via 
GOP leaders say they don't currently have enough votes to block witnesses 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
So, let me get this straight. @RealDonaldTrump was using semen to spread the gospel? Lordy, there's semen. 
@AliceAvizandum I can’t tell you how many times I’ve randomly thought of this one and laughed to the point of tears 
@JohnCornyn Since you like citing the . 
When you're the #ChosenOne, they let you do it. 
10 Easy Exercises You Can Do At The Office- some light hearted humour which I urge people to not take seriously 
Real-estate startups take lessons from WeWork and are expanding slowly unlike the rapid growth tactics used by lower cost social media platforms #BCSTT #D 
One thing that has been made clear since 2016, what Trump was "sharing" with Stormy was apparently right in line with the evangelical/prosperity 'gospel' message: If you're Trump, you can do anything you damn well please. 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn| McGurn made a funny! But he’s wrong, again. McConnell IS EVIL. 
BREAKING: Televangelist Jim Bakker refers to trump’s penis as “the gospel” 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses It couldn't happen to better bunch of idiots. Thank God there are still some who will stand up to Trump. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
In Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton 
Mortgage Rates Have Fueled Lending Most Since Lending Crisis. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He's Trying To Win Election 
Investigators hired by Jeff Bezos claim his phone was hacked by Saudi Arabia. In today's episode of The Journal podcast, @Scheck and @michaelsiconolf explain how Bezos and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman became archenemies. 🎧 Listen: 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - 
@pwnela the always relevant 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
How Microsoft Tapped the Autism Community for Talent 
News Exclusive | McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
: 3938ae14-911e-4b48-ab11-5a97bfd086e2 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
It doesn’t add much to what we know about the president, but it does put Senate Republicans on the spot, writes ⁦⁩. 
A New York administrative law judge found in December that David Russekoff, a hedge-fund manager who lives in Greenwich, Conn., owed about $9 million in taxes and $1 million in interest on investment income because he was considere… 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Stand By Your Rich White Man! Had he been put on trial sooner, he would have been bitching about having no time to prepare his defense. 
Big, if true. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
I love the part where the doctor angry-emailed people when he didn't get a spot in the woodwind section. @ChipCutter on the ongoing tradition of company bands. 
AbbVie, Gilead and others respond to Chinese authorities’ requests for antiviral drugs to test their effectiveness against the respiratory illness via #prepper 
While cloaked in talk of fostering new hope for Palestinians, the plan exerts significant new pressure on them 
Sanders Campaign Raises Pay To $700 Per Hour By Laying Off Everyone Except Bernie 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
@senatemajldr Say @GOPSenate Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses Translation: @GOPSenate will call Obama, Clinton, Bidens, Schiff, and other distractors. Justice Roberts will be challenged. 
@SenSanders #Bernie2020 Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right | Reminder for the timid- this is #satire and it’s darn funny! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 #Socialism #DemocraticParty #Communism 
Azar's press conference lifts risk sentiment further this morning. US equity futures, US 10yr yield and #USDJPY now eyeing Sunday opening gap fills. 
Report: CLICKING THIS LINK Will Add You To Several FBI Watchlists 
» In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Planters is evaluating its Super Bowl ad campaign featuring the demise of Mr. Peanut in a crash following Kobe Bryant’s death. 
Farberware Releases New Nonstick Eggs 
Hong Kong’s economy was among the worst hit by SARS in the early 2000s. Now fears are rising over the new coronavirus—and the city is already in recession 
Chortle. 
Forgiving The Man Who Took My Family Hostage: The McGill Alexander Interview #MAGA #TRUMP 
Weird Kid Opts To Sit Perfectly Still, Let Universe Decide His Fate After Teacher Instructs Class To Pair Up 
Fortunately for Ukraine ". . . the U.S. elected a new President who provided the critical weapons Mr. Obama never would." @DNC @SenFeinstein @Sen_JoeManchin @GOP @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @senatemajldr CNN and Ignorance - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
@AliceAvizandum Either of these two, although I guess the clickhole one isn't exactly a headline. 
Answering my own Q: he specifically mentioned refi in Sept 2019, two weeks after a Stephen Moore op-ed in the suggesting it: 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades via #PeasePlan #MiddleEast #Palestine #FreePalestine #Trump 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
McConnell says that the GOP doesn't have the votes to block witnesses 
@OpMindQrime @JMac0987 @Tman06460 @Fantastic_Proph @PesekChuck @JeremyTheGingur @realPolitiDiva @joelockhart Thanks trump! 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners #MAGA #TRUMP 
McConnell days GOP doesn’t have votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
SEC Urges Better Cybersecurity Practices at Financial Firms #InfoSec #InfoSecNews #Security #CyberSecurity #Cyberattacks #GRC #Governance #Risk #Compliance #DataLoss #DataBreach #SEC #FSISAC #SecurityBestPractices #Cloud #FinancialServices 
does no one know how elections work? i seriously don't get it 
The chairman of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested on charges of lying about receiving millions of dollars in Chinese funding. 
The manufacturing conglomerate, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort. 
@emetaz @KeystoneTake @johnlk_80 @samstein Sorry I was wrong on the timing, but still goes to prove that Bernie didn't say he'd endorse HRC for weeks after his loss was known. "when asked by email if Mr. Sanders’s comment amounted to an endorsement, a spokesman replied, “No.” "  
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
» Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate | 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Haha, I like this site a bit to much! Ah haha 
Considering a New Job? Beware a Culture Misfit #CulturalFit 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Fairway Market, the New York City grocer, is looking for potential buyers in case an offer for five of its stores shrinks to three 
Interesting piece on Venezuela and how/why the US has been so far unsuccessful in their ‘regime change’ attempt there... How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
"The chopper was descending at more than 2,000 feet a minute" gave me chills. I thought it was a crash &amp; boom. Like they didn't see it coming. They did! The fear they must've felt is unimaginable. 😭 via 
Derby’s Take: Odds Are Good Fed Will Tweak IOER Higher This Week 
: 48cdc5f9-0f88-43a9-be16-fc0ea038cc32 
Here’s how I think of Coronavirus as a non-expert in the field. Governments always have an incentive to hype up threats (vaping, terrorism). So when they tell you a threat is not that bad, that’s a good indication that it is a manageable problem. 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid Two Elections In A Row 
Orders for durable goods rose 2.4% in December from the previous month amid a sharp rise in defense spending via 
Seedlip is only one of the many beverages vying for space in the non-alcoholic beverage space. 
Tragedy at the Virginia rally 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Google wants to transform perennial also-ran San Jose with Silicon Valley riches. The city isn’t sure that’s a good thing. #longread w/ @malas_n 
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said 
J.Crew has hired former Victoria’s Secret executive Jan Singer as its next CEO, according to people familiar with the situation 
Health Systems Look to AI to Prevent Sepsis Deaths - #AI #ArtificialIntelligence #ML #MachineLearning #iot #cloud #robotics #data #devops AI #IIoT 
Link to full article: 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
@jason_lean_MATH @TheCDNWatch @PopulismUpdates That was one hell of a first debate. 
And best of all, the new Gillette "Sensitivity Bag" is filled with tampons ... just in case a modern, sensitive man feels the urge to "manstruate". 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
I can see #ScottyFromMarketing &amp; Dutton embracing this approach 
This had me laughing so hard!!! @StormyDaniels, did you lose Jesus again? Does Bakker think Trump will find him on the golf course? #OneVoice1 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Here's a race to the bottom we can all get behind via 
Get a look at the future of flight with the company pioneering one of the world’s first electric planes. via @Honeywell 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Globalism and Global Interest is hurting Native Alaskans ! Goldman Sachs claims to value ‘stakeholder engagement’ but dropped Arctic drilling without consulting the native Alaskans who rely on it, writes Harry Brower Jr. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
@BigbeeJack @BernieeSanderrs @CNMneews It's these people! 
Progressives Admit They're Just Not Used To Killing People Who Might Fight Back | 
Pro-Life Demonstrator Clearly Using Image Of Subway Chicken Enchilada Melt On Anti-Abortion Poster 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
This legit just made me snort-snot laugh. 
Cannabis Carl 😂😊 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
#DayofFacts #FactsMatter So Schiff (or his office) did know the Whistleblower's identity when he said publicly he didn't? #TruthMatters always good or bad #JustSayin via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
#MorganStanley News ⁦⁩ 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A #MAGA Hat 
After WeWork, Real-Estate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth 
Hillary Clinton: 'Nobody Wants to Work With' Bernie Sanders via 
“I just don’t think you can doubt the power of love to change hearts and minds,” Bryan Stevenson says. The human rights lawyer, whose memoir is the basis for the film "Just Mercy," has devoted his life to fighting for the convicted and the condemned: 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
WHOA IF TRUE Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Ebullient Mood in Davos Should Put Investors on Edge: 
With #SuperBowlLIV just a few days away, advertisers are gearing up for their biggest night of the year. Here's a brief history of how #SuperBowl commercials have changed throughout the years: #football 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
'New York Times' Now To Be Printed Only On Far-Left Side Of Page 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #2020Election 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 wooo boy. 
Travel Barriers Rise as WHO Chief Praises Beijing’s Coronavirus Response - The Wall Street Journal 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Nope, he's not joking -- Baker's in tears when explaining how trump is a saint. You must read this absurd piece. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
A decade ago, ‘the fight was against one man,’ says one observer. ‘Now it’s against the entire system.’ 
. ⁦@limbaugh⁩ addressed this issue today and his analysis is far better. Shut the trail down ASAP. Have a summary judgment vote for acquittal tomorrow. What the media or Dems won’t matter in the least. Anything less than this is beyond foolish. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, via 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Liberals Clarify Their Racism Is Actually Democratic Racism | 
#Wuhan mayor blames China’s central govt for lack of transparency: "As a local govt official, after I get this kind of info I still have to wait for authorization before I can release it…This is 1 thing people didn’t understand at the time.”🙄 #2019_nCov 
#BritishAirways Suspends #China Flights as #Coronavirus Spreads 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
‘They Can’t Impeach Someone They Can’t See,’ Say Trump Boys Cramming Dad Into Homemade Bunker Under Oval Office Desk 
@DTCahill @Luke4Tech Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Homes: Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
You know things are bad when the stuff you're working on gets covered by ... Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Amazon &amp; Google use in-house music because they understand the power of music, yet they (along with Spotify) go to court to try to slash what they pay songwriters by 1/3. Just shameful. 
😂 John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with Dan Helfrich, Deloitte Consulting chairman and CEO. Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Corona virus 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Watching this a little skeptically but hoping it’s a step in the right direction 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
good morning 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects #GOPTaxScam 
@HillaryClinton The Clinton Subpoena Dodge 
@mark_linder I would be interested in your scholarly opinion on this one. #Peterswungfirst #variantreading 
@bibliophile68 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Great role model in Andy Reid - Be an outsider and stand out: - Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider, and that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
The Air Raid offense was always doubted in the #NFL for being too extreme. Then it produced Patrick Mahomes and the #Chiefs embraced its principles and are now in the #Superbowl! via 
Please read this - these faux men of god are UNBELIEVABLE - How could anyone believe Trump was "ministering" to Stormy Daniels. Oi Vey 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' | 
TikTok getting increasingly political, raising concerns about misinformation. TikTok is owned by China--so is disinformation next? It's already been banned by the US Navy for security reasons. 
@Scaramucci Read em and smile. 
@OPCGhost So the two most progressive people running have a combined total that eclipses the moderate, and your point is? 
@LACaldwellDC @SenJoniErnst NEWS from @lindsaywise: At a meeting of all GOP senators after today's session ended, McConnell said Republicans don't have the votes to prevent witnesses from being called. He had a card with "yes," "no" and "maybes" marked on it. 
It's past time to move seriously in this direction, embrace electrification: GM’s plan to build a driverless vehicle at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant is part of a wider revitalization effort at its lone remaining Detroit factory via 
Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments 
PLOT TWIST on #ImpeachTheMF TV😵 Senate Majority Leader &amp; Kentucky Fried Chickensh*t #MitchMcConnell is SHOOK he ain't got enough votes to block fmr. Nat'l Security Advisor #JohnBolton from testifying original recipe for panic that's FINGER-LICKIN GOOD😤 
We are fortunate to have such a committed group of leaders to help transition folks from the penitentiary to productivity. Critical work by the private sector, w some public sector assistance, for a thriving democracy. Outstanding collaboration. #dignity 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Trump's Tariff Threat to China Hits Global Markets 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Jim Bakkker says 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' 
Woke Superman self identifies as a proud black woman. 
Poorer #Bangladesh Outpaces #India on Human-Development Indicators. Indian society is intolerant &amp; heading towards fascism under the leadership of fascist Indian regime via 
🤣 ok this is pretty funny 
@lisamurkowski CoryGardner The olde school GOP network wants to hear what Bolton has to say. 
Let's be honest he'd do it. Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Pro Bowl Players Not In Game Asked To Sit In Stands To Make Stadium Look Less Empty 
markets: Wall Street by the Charts: Fund managers have been stung by commodities lately 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm, effectively parting ways after a decade 
Update: Complicit GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
@joy31608 @mnewsince @jboogiebrown @TheOralBuffet @elvislver56 @QueenPeace2017 @Philly59020897 @SpeakTruth911 U.S. HOSPITALS AREN'T READY FOR THE CORONAVIRUS! From opinion: U.S. Hospitals Need To Tighten Up Their Infection Control To Prepare For The Coronoavirus. In A Recent CDC Drill, Only 36% Of Health-Care Staff Washed Their Hands, Writes Betsy McCaughey! 
Mitch is a beast??? Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Tech That Will Change Your Life in 2020 - 
Pressure grows for Bolton to testify at trial 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
That's going to make it SO MUCH WORSE when nothing matters 
Really a GAY president. How many Generals and Admirals would follow him as commander in chief. Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
And if you believe this stand on your heads' Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Canadian Man Wishes There Was Some Way To Pay His Doctor For All The Hard Work He Did 
Seems legit 😅😂🤣 
how could i forget this 
@JanineBliss @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - . Prediction: Trump and the Republicans will cut what they call “entitlements” like #SocialSecurity #Medicare and #Medicaid. Better vote Blue folks. #TrumpTaxScam ⁦ 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
Political campaigns aren’t very effective 1 
In Italy, fans, friends and players remember Kobe Bryant, the NBA legend who learned basketball there via 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination #satire #comedy 
: 6dab09fd-785a-455b-9bdd-5d04666c288c 
@MariaGiner5 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
AnonymousAccountId has shared content with you from MSN 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Exclusive: TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Warren%2520Rejects%2520Peace%2520Pipe%2520Offered%2520By%2520Sanders 
I don't recommend pissing off ⁦@POTUS⁩⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ right now. There is only one stat that Trump cares about. ⁦@BarackObama⁩ has 28 stars on the ⁦@CIA⁩ memorial wall, more than any previous president. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
😆😆😂🤣🤣 yes we will!!👊👊 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸TRUMP 2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Beyond the fact that Bakker lost all credibility years ago and this simply confirms it....there are no words. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump 
Planters is evaluating next steps for its demise-of-Mr. Peanut Super Bowl campaign following Kobe Bryant’s death via 
Our people stuck in China. Pray for them all! 🇺🇸❤️ 
This is even more important than the actual ruling in the case. These nationwide injunctions need to end now. 
Every impeachment trial in American history completed by the Senate has not only had witnesses but witnesses who did not testify before the House. There's no precedent not to have them. 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
: Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
@HK_not_safe @bylijing Him and Mr Li... 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN #satire 
The one good thing that I can say about Jeff Sessions is that he didn't write a tell-all book after he left his office. Too many officials try to monetize their time while in a powerful position after they leave. via 
ONE POINT FOR FREEDOM. Thanks to the few CONservatives who grew a FUCKING SPINE, I guess? 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
1.2 million views: Cutting Through the Nike Vaporfly Controversy 
Cackling Julian Assange Disintegrates Into Lines Of Code As Baffled Authorities Attempt To Handcuff Him 
The explosion of the U.S. space shuttle Challenger, which killed its seven astronauts, took place 34 years ago this week. Seems like yesterday. I was sick and home from school, sitting at the kitchen table with my mom...or was I? 
List available to minister to porn stars needing spiritual guidance from saints willing to save sinners in the adult industry. Calls on other Talabangelists to ready for war as the Archangel Michael calls on them to defend Trump against Satanic babies. 
As a person currently under the influence of dayquil, this piece really resonated with me. 
CNN Report: Millions Of American Voters May Have Colluded To Elect Trump 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
The difference between #FakeNews and #Satire....Satire has more #truth. In Major Deal, The @babylonbee Purchases Competing Satire Site @CNN 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial 
NEW: @UNITEHERE11, the union that almost derailed the December debate, has issued a joint endorsement of @BernieSanders and @ewarren 
Nike Site Sells Out of Kobe Bryant Merchandise in Wake of Star’s Death - 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Bolton Expressed Concern to Barr About Giuliani Work Being Linked With Government Probe via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
The (Staggering) Tax Increases to Come via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Blocking would-be immigrants likely to be a public charge has been policy since even before Ellis Island. High Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Immigration Rules 
Ocasio-Cortez Desperately Trying To Make Math On Universal Healthcare Add Up While Punching Numbers Into A Potato 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
One phone company targeted today, operating out of a residence with minimal equipment, in 23 days connected 720 MILLION ROBOCALLS mostly from India. Here’s a pic breaking down one week of calls state by state 
U.S. expands airport screening to 20 airports for #coronavirus #travel #health #alerts via 
⁦.@RepAdamSchiff⁩ Wise move by Senate! 👇 Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
From opinion: U.S. hospitals need to tighten up their infection control to prepare for the coronoavirus. In a recent CDC drill, only 36% of health-care staff washed their hands, writes Betsy McCaughey. 
LMFAO....OMG..He was sharing way more than the gospel with Stormy....hehehe....unless we have a new book in the bible called the gospel of Dick. Lol....and that's just a very small book.😄😂👍 
Aww shitcheah!! I hope that He carved all of the logos from all of the albums. Otherwise, I gotta say that God isn't a true Crüehead. And if He slipped in a few Van Halen flying VHs, I'm okay with that. We all get bored. 
😂😂😂 Rude Mother Fails To Put Baby On Silent Mode Before Church Service 
Phones That Can Read Your Mind 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | #MondayMorning #mondaythoughts 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
More key staff members have left Pete Buttigieg's campaign just days before the Iowa caucus, as non-white staffers continue to express concerns about a lack of inclusivity. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
@mkraju NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses McConnell told Republicans the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be...He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count via 
@xoDrVenture This is just him, constantly 
Wow. These sure don't sound like impartial jurors to me... #COSen #AZSen #NCSen 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Rally in #DesMoines Thursday: Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at #Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting. #iacaucus #Trump2020 
US durable goods orders rose 2.4% in Dec from the month prior, much higher than the expected 0.3% decrease. Driving the spike was a surge in demand for military equipment as defense funding bills passed Congress, via @TheAmaraReport @d_harrison #HPS_DC 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S.支持👌 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
Definitely true in #ATX. Average wage for teachers in child care: $10-14/hour. Just found Indeed posts for dog-walkers: $14-21/hour &amp; $20-30/hour. Guess that show what our community values. Some Dog Walkers Earn More Than Caregivers for Babies. - 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
@mamasittalove @GOP @JaneyMurph They expect people with brains to believe this. He doesn't even pay his bills. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
this. see 
$KR Kroger-Backed Lucky’s Market Files for Bankruptcy 
You just never know who’s going to crack, or how, in a stressful situation. via 
The program reduces companies’ risk of getting stuck with an ill-suited intern by screening and training candidates before they land on the job(ummm what is wrong with this ?h 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father #comedy #article 
@SGUYBRAY Reminds me of a lil classic : Gay-Pride Parade Sets Mainstream Acceptance Of Gays Back 50 Years 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Lol...@AOC Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
NICE! Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. 
🚨McConnell Can't Stop Witnesses Today But Has 2 Days To Pressure GOP🚨 💥KEEP CONTACTING - WITNESSES &amp; FAIR TRIAL💥      1-202-224-3121       FREE FAX text resist to 50409       Email #Resist #PostcardsToVoters #IDDEMS #idpol 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. - if Vietnam can build their own .... why not UK?? via 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
Wait, what? 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
Senate majority leaders Mitch McConnell says Republicans don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial. 
. . #EIA Oil prices. We look at profit of price by a series of measures by reduction agreement opec and middle east tension Civilian withdrawal plan mechanism. Pay attention to over 15 20 30 year Treasury bond yield. Thank you! 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Democrats Announce All 2020 Candidates Will Forego Armed Security To Protest Gun Violence | 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Xilinx blamed job cuts on a ‘perfect storm’ of a slowdown in 5G investments and the impact of trade restrictions blocking business with China’s Huawei 
UK elects to let in the tech equivalent of coronavirus. via 
CommieCRats are boring to watch on television. 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns | 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
AirPods: The New It Item Among the Playground Set - 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
@cthulhu4america It feels like just stole your bit, somewhat...😅 Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
@kathy_markovich @Stewey444 It's a parody site: 
Major consolidation in auto-parts supply chains underway as BorgWarner moves to buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion deal via 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses via 
» Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment | 
Excellent. #WitnessesAndDocuments Senate Majority Leader #MoscowMitch McConnell said the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be on blocking witnesses or documents. #GOPcoverup #IMPOTUS 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 😂 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
India prepares to sell 100% of national carrier Air India after earlier attempts to sell smaller stake fails via 
#Trumps U.S. Stocks Rise Amid Global Efforts to Contain Virus @realDonaldTrump 
Your Horoscopes — Week Of January 21, 2020 #sarcasm # 
Journalists and elected officials often mistake Daraprim for a #generic drug leading to incorrect reporting + bad policy. This should put the confusion to rest. "Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing forms of anti-parasite drug, new lawsuit says" 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Dershowitz: Noncriminal conduct is outside range of impeachable offenses 
@RepAdamSchiff BREAKING NEWS: 
Your credit score could drop this year because FICO is changing its scoring algorithm. @AAndriotis reports. #WhatsNow 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
@senatemajldr Says @GOP Doesn’t Have Votes To Block @realDonaldTrump Impeachment Witnesses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
The : The Pros and Cons of Using 12-Month Returns to Evaluate a Mutual Fund #Check6 #Check6Wealth #FinTech #WealthTech #WealthManagement #PlatformTechnology #OnlineWealthView #DataFeeds #DataFeedswithBanks #PrivateAssets #PrivateAssetsReport 
McConnell tells GOP senators not enough votes to block witnesses in #impeachmenttrial - via ⁦⁩ 
@Apple never stop disappointing - Posts Record Revenue on Strong iPhone, App Sales 
An excellent Q &amp; A article on the Coronavirus 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday #Trump #impeachment #tacotuesday #babylonbee #satire 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Discussed New York's Student Loan Mediation Program with @AishaAlMuslim of the : #StudentDebt #Bankruptcy 
Why Some AI Efforts Succeed While Many Fail via 
Classic! Awesome! 
I don’t even like Joe Biden but I’ll air out Rick Scott given the chance 
@RichardGillam7 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
There is no lie the @GOP KKKristian Klan won’t tell to rationalize their pathetic pig messiah. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
@clapton_god @kathy_markovich @Heather75379192 It's a parody site: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House Efforts - The Wall Street Journal. - 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
@johnnemann The market? Listen, we make the market. All we have to do is put her out there with a little jingle. 
Democratic leaders all had a moment of silence to reflect on the gravity of their undertaking, the only sound now being the making of impeachment balloons by the Impeachment Clowns there to entertain the children. 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
@TheValuesVoter Let's Cut To The Chase, Evangelicals: Which Exact Lie Can I Tell You To Get You To Vote For Me? 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial At this point in the tRUmp regime’s assault on truth, is the most accurate, unbiased media outlet available. 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
@SamtheAnswer @taylorhaskins and a discussion of the previous ones I mentioned plus another one: 4/ 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
We were talking about this concept in class yesterday #BAN364 #RAE400. More from the brand perspective here: #campaigns #advertising #socialmedia 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
And all you Q follower say nothing's happening there's never no arrests LOL open your eyes 
Southland’s bankruptcy would be a setback for the company’s chairman, veteran oilman Bob Simpson. Story by @LHVGarcia 
“U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data, though bond markets briefly flashed a recession signal for the first time since October.” 
Should Chinese spies ever be allowed to walk our streets again? 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces how can you tell... 
@RadioFreeTom Yes, fatso, save the country from 3.5% unemployment! It is just *awful* out there. 😂😂😂 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Scientists Find Human Vocal Cords Developed Over Millennia To Lower Voice When Speculating On Acquaintance’s Sexual Orientation 
this is actually believable 
Trump’s Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians 
@LaurieLynn8171 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
markets: The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
Maybe this will discourage forum shopping to stop unliked policies. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
From the opinion last week: "Contrary to the tone of much [climate] activism, things that would be worth doing are not a big reach ... What’s so hard about a carbon tax? Nothing." @HolmanJenkins. /1 
“Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker”. Presumably in just the same way that #LiarJohnson learned about IT for Jennifer #Arcuri 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #babylonbee #oscars #shiftyschiff #DemocratsHateAmerica 
CNN: 'Trump Voter Shoots Mentally Ill Man In Church' 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | All the money those poor suckers send guys like this gives them incentive to just keep lying and grifting. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for “two states”, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
“Apple’s share price has more than dou­bled from last year’s low, adding more than $725 bil­lion to its value, well above the to­tal value of Face­book Inc.”. Still a one product juggernaut. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He’s Trying To Win Election 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via 
Former national security adviser John Bolton is a potential problem for President Trump on several fronts. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It #cnnturk 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys #humor #reality 
💁🏼‍♀️ ... WHOOP THERE IT IS‼ "McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses" 
Accurate, even though it's the Babylon Bee. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
What CFOs from brick-and-mortar retailers can do to face their e-commerce rivals #CFO #disruption #digitaltransformation 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. 
If Elizabeth Warren is going to forgive student debt, this voter wants a tuition refund. 
“One day I will ride a similar motorcycle,” this vintage enthusiast said—and he was right via 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. ☎️☎️☎️Keep Calling your Senators. We’re almost there! #DemCast 
is such high level satire, it’s satire is satirical 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Oh how I love ’s consistently good work. 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
@StormyDaniels Thought I would pass this onto you from Jim Bakker. 
Amy Klobuchar Enters 18th Minute Of Tense Standoff With Iowa Rally Crowd Who Haven’t Laughed At Her Joke 
@KLKnightlight @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
BorgWarner to Buy Delphi Technologies in $3.3 Billion Deal 
Ttrump's defense tteam are doo doo wwith out wwitness 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
TRUMP was merely worried about Ms Daniels "bc she WAS NOT a Christian and needed to help her" NOW IT'S A MORAL HIGHGROUND HE WAS INVOLVED WITH HER?!? This may be biggest spin in history-cuz DT IS ALWAYS most,biggest,best-in history 
A plane full of #Americans is preparing to escape #Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak #China #CoronaOutbreak #CoronaExodus 
Riiight. Just like 'ol Jim shared it with Jessica Hahn. OTOH, he needs to keep gulling the bible-thumping suckers till he drops in order to work off Tammy Faye's gigantic mascara tab. 
"During his 2016 campaign, President Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. " @realDonaldTrump --The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Get on the right side of history @SenatorBraun @SenToddYoung! @senatemajldr Says @GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
ALERT. BREAKING: NY State Legislators reinstate Capital Punishment for all felonies and misdemeanors. 
ROFL!!! Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
How Kimberly-Clark is tapping into the stigma-free movement with an honest color choice for its advertising campaigns: 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 😂😂😂😂 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Adam A. has shared content with you from MSN 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
The Fed flooded markets with cash last year to avoid a spike in overnight lending rates. Now, officials have to decide how to wind down the program. 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
😂 Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
.@KingAbdullahII Any Plan should come before the Quartet extended to Israeli and Palestinians for it is amended and voted by a two thirds majority plus my vote which makes seven votes. I support a Palestinian capital in al Quds. 
Just say 'NO!' 
Would die on this hill. The team doesn't deserve it, but the fans surely do. 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. via 
"'We need to stay focused on coming up with a chicken sandwich our customers are going to crave,' wrote the National Owners Association" How about knocking off the @ChickfilA spicy biscuit sandwich that was discontinued? 
@carlepaul140 @scalefree @MIMayTP19 @KellyDoiron7 @ByronYork Don't forget this "Pay for the bottom 25% of wage earners rose 4.5% in November from a year earlier, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. Wages for the top 25% of earners rose 2.9%." 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses boltons book is inadmissable and the impeachment is unconstitutional nuff sed 
I think the worst sinners are murderers, child molesters and men like Jim Bakker who use God to control and con people out of their money. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . INSANITY 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤 
Proverbs 6:16-19 lists seven things which are also abominations: "haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked schemes, feet that are swift in running to mischief, a false witness who utters lies, and one... 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
@TrumpSugar @TheTemmaTheHun @yankeepirate247 @DectiveSamSpade @ShlomoIndiana @Politinfo @DigiVorr @GOPCrimeFamiIy @annableigh @gobbledeegouk @JimHaf @wilkimom @alshadowdancer @Apritions @shinobi_tony @Grandma_Boom @donnnie @PersevereEver @laylow88861429 @Turk187187 @PwrCane1 @BobC7000 @BigTev300 @CunningMarshal @calijeff1 @LibertyBella9 @SpaceForceBravo @KKatMiss @dennismm59 @dbongino @Bennus_H @gorillastyle @OriginalQ10 @TourguideJ @yancey_todd @Wrong_way_down @JaysonFloyd @JoeKidd1992 @HouseOfJames2 @loramckenna5 @BrooklynPrivat1 @Goathead19 @AbrahamAlyzah @ReaperGrim18 @Alawnguy @OurTrilLife @2tall2fall4it @SBDSoultrain @annsmith1955 @Sahara_Stevens Unfortunately the has to be an element of truth to make sarcasm work. 
Genetics Will Revolutionize Social Science 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Given the amount of business travel I experience, I have seen the atrocities. #Barefoot should be allowed if and ONLY if your feet do not smell and you refrain from placing them any place other than the floor. 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
She’s 75, And a Step Ahead of Her Competition - via @instapaper 
Apple Posts Record Revenue on Strong AirPod, App Sales - #apple 
Forget the Frenchie toque and starched apron. One chef is making chef jumpsuits—part of a suite of new collaborations in the fashion-meets-culinary space: 
Utter Rubbish From Mr. Underwear. Trump DID violate Impeachment Control Act. If not, where is his ltr 2 Congress b 4 he "paused" delayed that money, citing ALL reasons for doing so? Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
😑@Robin_Volpi @KelliSmith15 @pannlewis44 @graceslick77 @veterans_i Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Resurrected Che Guevara Announces 2020 Run, Democrats Quickly Criticize As 'Too Moderate' 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Yes, we are tired of unaccountable global elites. We want the Nation State to guarantee our freedoms. 
Minnesota Man Forced To Warm Himself In Tauntaun Carcass 
Why does convicted "Christian" fraudster Jim Bakker (better known as Tammy Faye's ex-husband) still have a public platform? (Yes, I know is parody 'news,' but that doesn't negate my question.) 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Sweatshirt String Emerges Triumphant After Harrowing Journey Through Hood 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Tell us something we didn't already know: “We underestimated the importance of the Cuban and Russian support for the regime," Elliott Abrams says about his disastrous #Venezuela policy. 
Fairway’s lawyer said a proposed buyer has the option to shrink its bid to three Manhattan stores from five. Story by @SomaBis 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
ALL RINO's that don't vote to shut this sham down had better be voted out of office ! They are a disgrace to the Republican Party ! Time to step up the game Patriots, This will be the last chance we have to save our Republic. D-Day Nov 3 T- 9+ Months 
@oliverdarcy Thus spake the Bee and it was truth 
: Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
As anticipated: Stocks fell as concerns rise about #nCoV2019 containment and potential economic impact. #coronavirus. 
: bc122069-d1c2-45bd-b81d-4b0923d38153 
Sometimes I think the has snatched stories directly from my brain. 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election / That's down right unacceptable. Just let the Democrats pick for you. #morningjoe #CNN #FoxNews #SenateImpeachmentTrial 
New tool to help us reduce spending and stay within our budget... @Visa Offers New @DaveRamsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero #taxtwitter 
Trump didn’t have the legal authority to put on hold millions of dollars in security assistance to Ukraine, Congress’s nonpartisan watchdog found. via #BoltonBombshell #BoltonMustTestify 
I remember receiving my first fax in 1991. I was SOMEBODY. Today, who has a fax machine? I spent several hours last week trying to fax a written report from one physician to another. Why rely on 90s technology? via 
Pleeeeeeeease! Just how many bathrooms can one take a dump in? How much is enough??? In this uber-wealthy area of Malibu, $115 million will get you beach access, coastline views and neighbors like Stan Kroenke and Ann Walton. via 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
"Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians" BTS 
Honestly, could just run Leftist's statements/videos, with little to no commentary, and be just as funny. But, I do enjoy their psuedo-earnest take on the news. #Leftists #EndTimes #LeftMorality #Politics 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣........(and breathe).......🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣.......(and breathe.........🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣! 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
NEW: During a private Republican meeting, McConnell says the GOP doesn’t currently have the votes to block impeachment witnesses. via 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Are you a Democrat or a Republican? The answer depends heavily on your income, your job and your neighborhood. via 
E-commerce company eBay’s net revenue fell 2% from a year ago, the first year-over-year quarterly decline since eBay spun out PayPal Holdings in 2015 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Greta Thunberg Speaks On Climate At Davos 2020 #WhatDoYouThink? 
Billie Eilish sweeps Grammys, while Lil Nas X and Lizzo win big. via 
Casino operator Penn National Gaming plans to take a 36% stake in Barstool Sports via @BenMullin 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings | 
Why would you want to block witnesses in a trial, but the Republicans don’t want a trial they want a cover up for trump. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
FBI Solving 80% More Cases After Getting Great Big Magnifying Glass 
Sad but true... 
Following the FOMC meeting tomorrow, Fed chair Powell will once again hold a press conference. A recent paper says these events have helped boost the public's awareness of the central bank, even as most folks are still unaware of what Fed is up to. 
@GuitarMan59LP @3GHtweets @MonkeyMyBack @RetributiaNorb @Kenneth72712993 @conely6511 @JohnBurnieTas @jenninemorgan @GetMyGist @EthonRaptor @Gladfly1 @ClimatePoet @DawnTJ90 @KIVUNature @dvibrationz @BradSchrag @SturmLLiouville @UvMeter @swcrisis @GillesnFio @LarkRellez @NikolovScience @MATTP1949 @dgweld @JaggerMickOZ @EcoSenseNow @Tangomitteckel @badmoonrising11 @Rail4Eva @Bananenrijperij @dunvirkin @unclejohnCC @VanessaRiley61 @FrankWi74044551 @ElQuesoSabio @PolAnimalAus @jamft @DubiBoat @birdhillll @SlugBub @LofayPeter @stillwaters777 @kruttika108 @KCTaz @JamesDe34061167 @SetagNodnarb @M_Sighil @peikko763 @terrymorse Look a little deeper. #OilWars are basically just part of the long grift of #CronyCapitalism, and the pols, pundits and bureaucrats who promote, feed and live off of it. nailed it in 1998: 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
The spread of the coronavirus could hurt some businesses, but executives say it is too early to know the financial impact 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Just want to say that I appreciated all of @trippmickle’s classic rock references in his latest piece on Apple. You can’t always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you get what you need. 
So that means they're going to have to treat this like...an actual trial? The SOTU is going to be amazing this year. 
Looking to find time for fitness during the work day? Enjoy these tips from a source you should recognize. 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Meet ‘Chet.’ His Employer Knows What Time He Woke Up Today. via Graphics 
The chair of Harvard’s chemistry department was charged on allegations that he didn't disclose Chinese government funding he received, an escalation of efforts to counter Beijing’s aggressive recruitment at U.S. universities, via @aviswanatha @Kate_OKeeffe 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
rapporterar att Huawei tillåts i UK att delta i utbyggnaden av 5G. China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
I guess if the Times can do it. I feel like everyone has forgotten this year that the point of endorsements is to help voters choose, not just to say "any of these will do". 
Heh...Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes | 
How will Bernie be able to recover from this endorsement? 
On This Day In History: January 21, 1981 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace - 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
In most industries, federal laws protect workers with disabilities, including mental illness. Church is an exception. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. vía 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
Pretty much says it all . . . 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
Justin Trudeau’s party begins the USMCA ratification process now working as a minority government via 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Weinstein Defense Attorney Implores Jury To Remember How Fun ‘Pulp Fiction’ Is 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
graphic sans text from this #coronoavirus #2019nCoV story 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' THAT DAY IS DEFINITELY HERE. 
Tech leaders now want government regulation Sensing new regulation is coming, #Microsoft, #Facebook, #Apple and #Alphabet are moving to shape policy discussions, calling for new laws on a range of issues—even as some have already resisted certain measures 
China Locks Down 6 Cities To Combat Coronavirus # #sarcasm 
“The Trump administration, confident Mr. Maduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions.” 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row 
Cash, Plastic or Hand? Amazon Envisions Paying With a Wave - #ampliodigital #amazontips #sellercentral #amazonvendor #amazonfba @amazon 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus 
Is Olear part of the 21st c Tammany Hall "#StopSanders" campaign w Bernard Schwartz, Pelosi, Schumer, Clintons, Obamas, Buttigieg, et al? Or is he just another antiSlav bigot who is profiting off of spreading hatred and fear? #BlameRussia 
Spot on satire 
“If there are a number of Arab leaders who will say the plan is serious, the plan will have legs regardless of the almost certain Palestinian initial rejection,” Dennis Ross said. via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Visit to see more from the standard bearer of global journalism. 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Former national security adviser John Bolton is a potential problem for President Trump on several fronts. 
@STOPUmedia @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
YOU BET! Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
😂😂😂🤣🤣 Trump's missionary deed 
America's coolest city is all grown up. Here's a guide to Austin's more polished side, including the best places to find a quail corn dog and a custom-made Stetson. 
‘He Is a Dictator’ No No No ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is Not Dictator The Ex President Zero wanted to become like Furer Thank to USA Founding Fathers Thank to US Constitution - 3 Branches Nd US Checks &amp; Balances Thank to GOP Majority Prevented this fiasco 
U.K. Allows ⁦@Huawei⁩ to Build Parts of #5G Network, Defying ⁦@POTUS⁩ - via ⁦⁩ $ 
When Apple Didn't Pad Its Margins: 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower. Great example by another “mature” athlete. 
@ me next time 
jerk that’s my line 
Every Bret Stephens column: 
Dementia runs deep. 
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣💀💀💀💀 Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them "Fake News" 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: A Twitter Battle Over Fed’s Political Profile Flares Up, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
@PeterZapf @FrankYiannasFDA No, it’s always been about the same thing. We are not our propaganda. Massive ghettos with nothing, impinged your free movement up. In fact, I’ll price you out &amp; increase your suffering, in-debt you to survive &amp; take your property, imprison you at will. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@TrumpSu18439194 @kathy_markovich @LindaCollins11 It's a parody site: 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
TPG is in talks to slash its stake in its $32 billion credit-investing arm via 
Mitch is in good company. They turned Cheney into the devil as well. Meanwhile, party at Weinstein's house! 
Property firms are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth 
@AgileApophenia @LissaMarie630 @GlutenAF @JJDemonic Yes, who is in charge of the app? Who created the app? Seems the plan is to announce the winner from the #DNCApp and follow up w the paper ballots sometime later. After 2016, this seems highly suspicious. 
Africa debt boom may store up trouble for the future via 
Satire Tweet #4 () "Biden Asks Advisors How Much Longer He Has To Pretend To Be Confused And Doddering To Avoid Criticism" 
Reasons Abound for Markets to Worry About the Election - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news 
Home-price growth accelerated in November, with Case-Shiller index rising 3.5% on an annual basis 
Would still be better than what we're currently dealing with.🙈🙈😂😂 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
New: Buttigieg’s campaign is dealing with some departures in the closing days before the Iowa caucuses, as its head of talent and two cybersecurity aides have left and some non-white staffers have shared concerns about a lack of inclusivity w/ @tparti 
There's always that one asshole at the show who yells "Play 'Shake My Sillies Out'!" 
A recent change in how companies account for and report operating leases may have delivered a jolt to their share prices. 
I wonder what @greggutfeld and @FoxNews is going to do when @CNN #JimAcostaWho goes to this format - 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal | 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@AyannaPressley I will say it to your face. The arguments people make about abortion are the same as slavery. 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. ⁦@dtsjevents⁩ #SanJose #siliconvalley #innovation 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@elhombrelibre1 @renato_mariotti Nah, that’s just “modified Gospel sharing.” 
@listener_t Hit them with this 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@JRubinBlogger As an interested foreigner I am unfamiliar with who you are, but I suspect you write for the Am I right? Hilarious! Keep it coming. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
@mysillyplanet ....As Stock Market Crashes Trump Does Nothing to Allay Virus Fears...... ....."US markets closed down sharply overnight. The Dow Jones Industrial Index (INDU) fell 454 points".... #TuesdayMotivation #TrumpsMarket #tuesdayvibes 
wants Bolton to testify but warns: No good judges confirmed, no legislation except on liberal terms, relentless investigation &amp; harassment. The best people remaining would leave the Admin, &amp; GOP would be set up for a wipeout in 2022 &amp; 2024. via 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
@NotWhatYouThout @RepAndyBiggsAZ You may want to spend some time following the money on this whole affair: 
Teaser for Adam Davidson's new book "The Passion Economy: The New Rules for Thriving in the 21st Century." How niche businesses can flourish in an economy dominated by Fortune 500 firms 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
The Tax Increases to Come #RetirementPlanning #insane 
CNN Audio Analysis Reveals Biden Caught On Wet Mic While Chewing On Own Microphone 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early. 
Top story: Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - see more 
@JECDems If you are a conservative, you will be voting Democrat in 2020 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Canada has the same immigration rule as this for Americans. This is a very positive step. 
The annual Davos summit covers global economic trends. 2020 “Davos turned into a climate-change conference this year,” said @JasonBordoff, but “the massive gap between ambition and concrete action to change the emissions trajectory remains glaring." 
3M reported a drop in earnings for the latest quarter and missed analysts’ expectations for adjusted profit via 
@risetoflyy his final NBA game in 2016, the helicopter Mr. Bryant used was wrapped in black and dressed with his personal logo. Sounds like a different helicopter. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via #chinazi 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption 
» In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
I almost spit out my coffee. 😆 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines - The Wall Street Journal 
Innovative New Process Converts Vegetables Into Meat By Feeding Them To Cows 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects vía 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
Miami hotel rates for #SuperBowlLIV are just about half the monthly rent of a studio apartment on Miami Beach. 
@AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose That’s how you beat them 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. Fascinating and so is the conclusion! via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He’s Trying To Win Election 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Joe Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Is Trying To Win Election. #JoeRogan 
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The U.S. government is said to be working to evacuate Americans from #Wuhan on a flight to the U.S. as soon as possible #CoronaOutbreak #China #CoronaExodus 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life | 
Airbus has reached a preliminary agreement with fraud agencies in the U.S., U.K. and France over a longstanding investigation into bribery and corruption via 
@MelissaJPeltier I think he's talking about US drug companies donating #HIV meds, antivirals, to China to see if they aid in halting #coronavirus. If not this, another Trump delusion? Link: 
What is old is new - what makes no sense still makes no sense. The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
A fun reason to do archival research: to restore a vintage bike as originally as possible @freesmog1 A Vintage Police Motorcycle Gets a Second Run 
The bubble is NOT in large caps. The bubble is NOT in large caps. The bubble is NOT... #StaySharpe 
Camp’s wife, who is three months #pregnant, was surprised by the gesture but honored that her #husband would be so forward-thinking as to allow her the privilege of completing a job traditionally reserved for men." 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
"Karl Bélanger, a political commentator and former senior NDP aide, said opposition parties are trying to extract a deal from the Liberals that would address their concerns without reopening USMCA. He expects ratification to take months." 
Anarchy Symbol Updated To Appeal To Today's Teens @yablowza 
@GOPChairwoman @JaiceHarmon @realDonaldTrump Impeached trump bankrupted a casino... #WalkAway A CASINO 
There is nothing more to say ..... Jim has forsaken the last shred of decency he may have had ... I am not sure he would know anymore what the gospels are ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Arkancide suspected. Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
polygenic risk scores hit the Opinion page...but with a left handed double helix. Doh! 🙈 @charlesmurray 
"It's a joy I was able to be born in '88 so I could catch Kobe in his prime," Kevin Durant said. Today's players wanted to be Kobe Bryant. He was their Michael Jordan. 
#Fakenews. Media loves to latch on to a story &amp; repeat it at nauseum without knowing anything about the topic. Markets have been extremely bullish for a few months now. Conditions are ripe for a pullback. #retireready #financialqb #noneedtopanic 
Congratulations America! SCOTUS is allowing denial of resident alien green cards for people that are public charges as well as those likely to be, based on income and family history. Victory! 
hits the mark 🎯 "Man, she is really all-in on this habitable planet thing.” 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
Coronavirus came from Wuhan...Coincidence? This sob should be tried and hung for espionage. 
Buttigieg is silent on an innovative snd successful charter school program for poor and minority kids because it offends Unions. Pete and the Purdue Charter 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Adding this to my Christmas list! (Satire) 
Babylon Bee goes full meta and satirizes itself. 
She was the first to win the Grammys’ four most prestigious awards in one ceremony since Christopher Cross in 1981 via 
Fed Adds Nearly $50 Billion to Markets, but Overall Temporary Liquidity Declines - 
I agree with this endorsement. No other person can better symbolize the Democrats need for attention over doing any worthwhile representation of their constituency. 🤣 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Meanwhile, in other news- 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Article fails to mention that HFT are not “providing” any of the liquidity that the market is going to need in a crisis. In “the old days” specialists HAD to provide liquidity in a crisis; HFTs are cannibals. 
: 18fb90fd-742c-4f52-8692-6b53a25a554f 
McConnell admits he does NOT have votes to prohibit witnesses for Trump's impeachment trial. 
@angie_rasmussen Just like #BigPharma! 
Taco Bell Unveils New Taco With Shell Made From Doritos Bags 
👀 Keep your eyes open 👀 @fshakir @BernieSanders @BernieForIowa 
New York legislators are hopeful a law to regulate and tax marijuana will be passed in the coming months via 
Is it true, @snopes? I can't tell! 
After senseless death of Goliath, Philistines call for ban on high-capacity slings 
This is a ridiculous accusation! Everyone who knows Trump knows that he doesn't do drugs &amp; doesn't even drink alcohol. 
@realDonaldTrump bankrupt the Nation ! Zero growth no way to pay! @ewarren @BernieSanders @carlquintanilla @Ufc26 @Rick_Singa U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere 
What do they know that we don’t? ... U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - 
In defending Trump, did the editorial board just lie? In today’s opinion piece they said ‘the U.S. aid [to Ukraine] was delivered on time”. Seriously? 
#IMMIGRATION/FINALLY/High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Democrats%20Warn%20That%20American%20People%20May%20Tamper%20With%20Next%20Election 
McDonald’s will offer chicken served on griddle cakes and biscuits for a limited time as the chain faces intense competition at the start of the day 
The Mideast plan released by the Trump administration allows Israel to annex parts of the West Bank and provides for a freeze on settlements in some areas 
Global Supply Chains have long traded resilience for cost in China. It may be time to rethink that... via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Iowa vot­ers are ex­pressing anx­i­ety about mak­ing sure they pick a nom­i­nee who could un­seat Mr. Trump, so Democrats are addressing those concerns head on in their closing arguments, ⁦@joshjame⁩ ⁦@elizacollins1⁩ report 
Americans in Wuhan prepare to flee outbreak — while others stay 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via @marcorubio @senrickscott 
Trump Defense Team to Close Arguments @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
“The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows” ⁦opinion⁩ The Senate must call him as a witness ! Will discuss this &amp; #ImpeachmentTrial on ⁦@AmericaNewsroom⁩ today w ⁦@SandraSmithFox⁩ ⁦@edhenry⁩ 
$91.82 billion! Apple's revenue rose 9% in the December quarter to $91.82 billion. 
One thing I enthusiastically look forward to in a Dem admin is boldly attacking malpractice and blatantly anti-consumer policies without having to hear bullshit about invisible hand, let the market decide, and government shouldn’t pick winners and losers 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - During his 2016 campaign, Trump talked about paying off the federal debt within eight years. The policies he enacted have moved us in the opposite direction. 
I mean, yeah, BYU Creamery chocolate milk really is that good... 
Gambling content won’t be slowing down, fuck. 
Did you forget about all those Google antitrust probes in progress? These state attorneys general sure haven’t… 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Frustrated Gunman Can’t Believe How Far He Has To Drive To Find Nearest Planned Parenthood Clinic 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
🤣🤣🤣 "Slamming the campaign for promoting the popular podcaster’s backing, liberals said Friday that Bernie Sanders’s acceptance of Joe Rogan’s endorsement sends a dangerous message that the candidate is trying to win the 2020 presidential election." 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
National Sling Assoc. would hate this! 
Study Finds 68% Of Americans Unprepared For Sudden Financial Stability 
Pretty cool seeing my all time fave band profiled in the . I think the headline is misleading but good read nonetheless. via 
Heirs no longer want to inherit furs, once a sign of wealth. Estate planning has to be customized. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign #MAGA #TRUMP 
The U.N. and Human Trafficking 
U.S. #Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat #Coronavirus with #HIV #drugs #China #Japan #US #SouthKorea #Canada #Australia #HongKong #Wuhan #Beijeng #UK #Malaysia #Singapore #LosAngeles #France #Thailand #Nepal #Vietnam #Taiwan #economy 
markets: The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 187 points as investors turned their attention to earnings season and improving economic data 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
"For Airbnb, with an expected valuation north of $30 billion, this ethic will test whether Wall Street will reward behaviors that don’t pad the bottom line." @johndstoll 
The Fed's task of reducing their interference and potentially creating a new facility draws many questions about how this will affect the future of financial markets. #Fed #Repo #Tech #GLMX #Markets @NickTimiraos 
$100 million lawsuit... better sleep with the lights on Tulsi lol 
Apple, which reports earnings Tuesday, is expected to release its first handsets with 5G wireless technology this fall 
Health Systems Look to #AI to Prevent #Sepsis Deaths via #healthcare #TechForGood #workfaster #thankyou 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Stocks to Watch: Caesars, Bristol-Myers, Carnival, and More 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
I will be speaking about what makes a great journalism internship for both the student and the news outlet at this year's @NENPA annual conference in Boston. So this caught my eye: Younger workers feel lonely at work, a new survey finds. via 
Checks out. 
This article re Chief's Coach Reid's "outsider advantage" highlights the fact that it's unlikely for leaders to be distinctive while being conformist. 
People who lie about emotional-support animals hurt the veterans who depend on them, writes Jason Haag 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Germany’s Catholic bishops will launch a two-year series of talks rethinking church teaching on topics including homosexuality, priestly celibacy and the ordination of women 
This is getting interesting: "Bolton’s Ukraine Claim Shifts Some Senators Toward Calling Witnesses" via 
ICYMI, our partners @NehemiahMfg were featured in over the weekend for their social and commercial success as a #2ndchance employer. 
The Air Raid was always defined by the oddballs behind it as much as the offense itself. Then Patrick Mahomes became its greatest prophet. Kliff Kingsbury, Mike Leach and more explain how the NFL tried to reject the Air Raid—and why now that's done. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Politics Newsletter: The White House confronts a big impeachment X factor, new details about Trump's Middle East peace plan, and Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus" 
Some GOP senators suggest making the manuscript of Bolton's forthcoming book available in a classified setting ahead of a Senate impeachment vote. 
Companies are sweetening perks to land tech workers, including a $250,000 signing bonus for an executive role #IT via 
Oh, yeah... 🙄 He probably fell asleep in the middle of it (at about 5 seconds) and started reciting Revelation 13:1-18. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
What does trump keep lying about firing Bolton? #maga @foxnews With John Bolton’s resignation, the White House loses a voice willing to disagree with the President. via 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
“The [Bryant Stibel] team reflected Kobe’s ethos,” said entrepreneur and investor Stephen Stokols. “They were engaged, insightful and looking for massive wins.” 
The Wall Street Journal: Gorsuch Torches ‘Cosmic’ Injunctions. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Fast-Talking Computer Hacker Just Has To Break Through Encryption Shield Before Uploading Nano-Virus 
By gawd, is that Hunter Biden’s music I hear? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Thanks Mr. President! U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish | 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
markets: China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Central Banks Warm to Issuing Digital Currencies One in 10 central banks surveyed says it is likely to roll out digital currencies within three years 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It ⁦@CNN⁩ might want this ratings boost! 🤔 Otherwise...💩👎 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses #thebeat #beatniks 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Interesting new study out from the FCA on HFTs and "latency arbitrage." 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Feels about right. 
Dems: 'Socialism Is The Only Way To End This Nightmare Of Prosperity' 
Romney Busted With Contraband Chocolate Milk Bottle on Senate Floor (Wall Street Journal) 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
"Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land" BTS 
McConnell tells his caucus HE DOESN’T HAVE VOTES to block witnesses. 
@alannarizzo Experts 
On Kobe’s use of helicopters to achieve work-life balance and avoid monstrous LA traffic. A small example of the importance he placed on family. 
We can't have a trial without witnesses! 
The independent workforce is increasingly being tapped for highly skilled, larger strategic project work 
Facing probes and growing public backlash, top leaders at Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook call publicly for new laws. #Regulation #ePresence #ePublicist 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
MotherJones.com-7/2/12: Romney Invested in Medical-Waste Firm That Disposed of Aborted Fetuses, (and supported Roe Vs Wade) Stericycle Inc: #EpsteinAssociates #c2cRino #c2cStericycle #c2cFetus #c2cPP #c2cCrematorium #c2cRoeVsWade 
Man Regrets Wasting Money On College After Failing To Secure Perfect Dream Life By 24 
Astros Fire Trash Can Responsible For Sign-Stealing Scandal 
@indivisible_brd @realDonaldTrump Yippeee. Bring on Hunter and Joe. The Biden investigation is gonna happen because the Democrats demanded it after all. What’s the next move President Trump is gonna make the Democrats do on his behalf? 
@RekietaMedia This isn't you is it? 
Another trump* sycophant tripping over logic to explain his behavior... “[trump*]was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul that he scheduled some alone time..... so he could share with her how Jesus Christ had changed his life. #Bakker 
markets: The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Smart. Well done ⁦@ProphetBrand⁩ 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #Satire 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election The nerve 
Check out this interesting video about tech clustering in NYC's "Silicon Alley," drawing a conglomeration of highly specialized workers and increasing productivity #BCSTT 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough to know when they can tune out. via 
Mike Pompeo: There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever 
@Klonick @georgia_wells @EmilyGlazer Last but not least, since video bylines aren't obvious, a hat tip to my talented teammates @NailahMorgan @LaurizzleK @AdamBanicki &amp; @emmatscott for helping me put this together. 
Akin to DuPont and Bayer it’s a dry run for the elite’s Politics of Injury division. And if you are yet to subscribe to Communist China as a Rothschild proxy then the rumour it was released from a lab will be a rumour, and Xingjian is a done deal via 
The #InternetOfThings Is Changing the World by 
100% me: I take the phone case off and legit admire the color (rose gold) I never see and the sleek shape I never feel. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
After more than a year of heated Democratic debate about health care, climate change and more, the 2020 candidates are making their final pushes in Iowa squarely about beating President Trump 
GOP Doesn’t Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses at Trial 
Today's satire or tomorrow's headline? 
Pro tip: I easily converted my AR15 with the hat I already owned! 
And it's up to him to stop it! Wonder if he wears a red coat around his house? 
Agreed. Worst case Bolton Bomb is known Dud &amp; will NOT change inevitable acquittal. So, The Bomber MUST come out &amp; tell all about supposed he said, he said 2 move on. (BTW, John, it won't hurt book sales) @realDonaldTrump The John Bolton Report 
@mvbrat91 I figure it’ll be she faked her death but if she’s actually dead ugh. Speaking of, did you ever see this hysterically funny bit that’s JUST perfect: 
@TexasBluein20 Getting worse. We have to fight back. 
Trump Expands Travel Ban To Include British Royalty | 
Our advice for John Bolton is to tell the public now what he says in his book, writes The Editorial Board 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Oh, and RUSSIA! Russia will attack us! OMG. These democrats look like lunatics to the American People. Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Two Princes: Would You Rather Work for William or Harry? 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects 
: What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. 
Electronic trading platform MarketAxess is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
Nonzero chance we have an American schism in the next decade. 
Johns Hopkins University Reimagines the M.B.A. - 
"The very serious, negative implications of excessive or poorly managed agglomeration" have nothing to do with agglomeration and everything to do with "excessive or poorly managed" government: @CityofSeattle @sfgov @nycgov. @MarkMuro1 @BrookingsInst 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
As @Tesla #shares surge, #investor strategies are diverging bigtime: some are urgently buying in, but others continue to bet against the stock, with Tesla currently being one the market's biggest shorts. See what #analysts have to say about the future 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Serial Productions has one of the best-known brands in digital audio via 
Of course he does... 
J&amp;J CEO testified in court despite c/o attempts. Plaintiff argument: Gorsky's public statements on product's safety grounds to believe he contributed to the cover-up. J&amp;J argument: he wasn't directly involved in the product testing or development. #tuckcc 
@ttagaris @axiomsofdomini1 This article appears to be causing a lot of the concern on Twitter. 
“What if we just, like, seized the means of production and executed all the leaders?” Ocasio-Cortez asked, looking up from a comic book about herself she was reading. “That would be so fetch.” 🤣🤣🤣 @aoc 
IQ and the Wall Street Journal 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway | 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit - The Wall Street Journal #realtimerecruitment #sap #SAPSE 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets, But Overall Liquidity Stable, by @michaelsderby in markets - #repo - 
Fed Adds $84.7 Billion in New Money to Markets, But Overall Liquidity Declines via 
@AJentleson One Week Canvassing Trip to Iowa Completely Changes Man’s Political Bio Section On His Website: 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Time to modernize. #China #coronavirus @CDCgov @becker_sbecker 
Revolutionary New Insoles Combine Five Forms Of Pseudoscience! -- 1999 or 2020? () 
Great point in this article. Democrats aren't pushing for impeachment because they know it will result in Trump being removed from office. They're doing it to prepare the party line of painting Mitch McConnell as a villain. It's all political theater. 
😀 “Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election” 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Streetwear by and for women is disrupting a category that has long focused on men’s silhouettes and sizing. Meet the new crop of designers getting recognition from both customers and industry powers including LVMH, Adidas and Kanye West: 
Opinion: Schumer Talks, Senators Walk #video #news #klout 
The scariest thing about the coronavirus is its incubation period-- you could have the bug for 14 days before you manifest symptoms! @DonkaMojovic 
@tomleykis Tell that to Jessica Hahn Jim....Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
In Strategy To Be Perfect, Church Asks All Sinners To Worship Elsewhere | 
: Top 5 Most Hilarious Christian Comedies Of All Time 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
: f8c89827-6f27-47af-9695-e63a4425fb7c 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Deadly #coronavirusinfection sweeping China is keeping people at home, threatening #consumerspending and the country’s economy $DGRO $HDV $IVE $IWD $NOBL $SCHD $SDY $SPHD $SPYD $SPYV $VIG $VLUE $VTV $VWO $VYM $VOO $SPY $SPX $DIA $DJI $DJIA $QQQ $IXIC $IWN 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Staffers Beg Ralph Northam To Reconsider MLK Jr Costume 
#Israeli Prime Minister and His Political Rival to Meet With #Trump on Peace Plan. Benny Gantz said he would meet with Trump separately from Prime Minister Netanyahu, in a move to cultivate constructive ties with the U.S. president 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
The Poison Squad, A PBS TV look at the group of human beings that food corporations used to test the dangers of food additives in the early 20th century via 
Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say... this sounds like bullshit to me @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
@kaitlancollins Get ready for arguments like this from .@RepDougCollins and his clown car. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
More racism in action by an administration that does not know the meaning of compassion. With these criteria, most descendants of Europeans in the US. Shame on the Trump administration. Compassion, justice and peace for all—no exceptions! 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
It’s exactly what lunch should look like. 
McConnell says Republicans don’t have the votes to block impeachment trial witnesses, reports 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump Which One Of Them Will Betray Him During Impeachment Proceedings | . I didn’t know John Bolton was an Evangelical leader. 
“It helps me to know that there is #God &amp; I trust in God. It helps me to know that what­ever life throws at you, all the chal­lenges, there is always some­one you can trust” ~ Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer Germany Defense Minister 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@realDonaldTrump @co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @agavecorn @Mooncatadams #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy #Education FEARING Bolton, Facing Facts, Sworn Testimony &amp; Voter Backlash, Putin's PRETEND GOP Ask for a Brief Recess to Collect Their Thoughts 
For sale. India Seeks Bidders for 100% Stake in Flag Carrier Air India - 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - LIBERAL DEMOCRAT AMERICA HATERS AT UNIVERSITIES &amp; COLLEGES TAX PAYERS SUBSIDIZE AMERICA’S BOOGEYMEN NOT RUSSIA! 
When will people stop worshiping the Ivies? 
Heard on the Street: Grubhub is considering a sale or buying a rival, potentially undermining the CEO’s defense of its business model via 
This article is more than 4 years old. It's way past time to end the insanity. 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
Bolton refused to testify unless he was subpoenaed!! The house had their chance! 
Not so easy, is it? 
So happy to see my unión @UNITEHERE11 endorse the only two progressive candidates running for president. 
In other news... 
CIOs Share Their Priorities for 2020 
@VeraGorman @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Here's something new: Apparently Trump refers to his penis as "The Gospel." 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Dozens of people, maybe more than 100, are marching in the halls of the State Capitol calling for marijuana justice. In their chants, some say they want it now. Other say they want action as part of the state budget due for adoption by 3/31 Background —&gt; 
This can’t be good for the economy. : The U.S. national #debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
$WHR Whirlpool Profits from Higher Prices 
Finally! 
"His financial disclosure put his net worth at between $188 million and $620 million. In addition to his new Washington manse, Rattner owns an apartment on Fifth Avenue... a horse farm in North Salem, N.Y., and a summer home in Martha’s Vineyard..." 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Match Group CEO Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down, according to an internal memo, months before the company is to be spun off 
Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
@realDonaldTrump Huh oh. McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #WitnessesAndDocuments #ConvictAndRemoveTrump #BLUEWAVE2020 
The John Bolton Report The former NSC adviser should tell the public what he knows. If Trump committed a crime, why didnt Bolton stay with the Trump admin? Why did Bolton wait? This is all so Bolton can sell books. The Bolton goose chase? 
Keep an eye on this #mergersandacquisitions story: Spotify is in talks to buy sports and pop-culture outlet the Ringer, as Spotify seeks to gain a stronger foothold in the podcasting world. Remember, Spotify bought Gimlet last year. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Downsizing Your Home Is Hard. How to Decide What’s Worth Keeping. This is a good place to start - 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Republicans who have known and worked with Bolton for years now must decide whether to call him as a witness and whether to trust his account over that of the president 
Unintended, yet positive consequences of their ecosystem...@Apple 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? | (SATIRE) 
» Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
CNN and Ignorance via 
Facing probes and a growing public backlash over privacy and other issues, top Silicon Valley leaders are now calling publicly for new laws 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
World Death Rate Holding Steady At 100 Percent 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
Pub day is nerve wracking: how will reviewers react? will it even BE reviewed? how exciting to wake up in Boston to, not just one review, but TWO! and rave ones at that. : "a superbly researched and subtly told story—current history at its best" 
Restoring balance. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Democrats "threw Joe Biden under the bus": GOP senators say the push for impeachment is hurting Biden's 2020 presidential bid 
@michaelbeatty3 @SallyM820 @AlanDersh @realDonaldTrump Come on, seriously?? Wake up Republicans. Trump and the GOP are puppets to the top billionaires in this country. 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Elizabeth Warren Unveils Plan To End Climate Change By Performing Authentic Rain Dance 
What Kobe Bryant Meant. @JasonGay reflects on the legacy of the late basketball legend, who died in a helicopter crash in California Sunday. 
Absolutely important for traditional businesses to pick up hacks from platform companies to keep themselves relevant. "buy online pick up in store services, accounted for 80% of digital growth in the company’s most recent quarter." 
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is the grandmaster of checkmate in the Senate. This is a feint to ensure the most brutal pressure is inflicted on Senate Republicans by the White House and the Republican Party before Friday's vote on witnesses.-BW. @USSC. 
Trump’s Mideast Peace Plan Charts Two-State Course for Israelis, Palestinians - 
Who’s winning in the investment bank league tables? See the 's scorecard to find out 
Israel's Netanyahu Withdraws Immunity Request Over Corruption Charges - #GoogleAlerts 
Good advice! Just say no to #CoronaVirus! 😂 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Robots, Mood Enhancers and Scooters: Top Consumer Trends for 2020 - 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
Cash, Plastic or Hand? Amazon Envisions Paying With a Wave #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation 
Bob's Hemorrhoid Prayer Request Probably Should Have Remained Unspoken 
@MalkanJamie @Stewey444 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Why is always so real 😫 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
“...entire drugstore industry copes with a shift to online shopping and shrinking profits in prescription medicines, which often disproportionately affect smaller players.” via #YangGang 
I suddenly hear Eric Idle singing, “🎶Always look at the bright side of life!🎶” 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
U.S. expands airport screening for coronavirus, 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign @ Lemon Should Be Fired - To Bias 
Swedbank Hit by Higher Costs 
I'm just saying, this article is too real: 
⁦@Harvard⁩ Professor Charles Lieber allegedly lied to ⁦@DeptofDefense⁩, National Institutes of Health about #China government funding 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts via 
@MrReali39272354 @RyannMcEnany @realDonaldTrump Whoops.... 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses SNAKE IN THE GRASS AKA MCCONNELL. 
⁦@benshapiro⁩ ... michael Moore might want to see this 
I thought that! 👀😂😂😂 @marionmckeone @ElaineYoung94 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
my brother will have some nice presents for me this yr 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It #TornadoTrump 
how to fuck does it help when you repress conversations about it u fucking communist 
U. S. business investment fell in December, according to a closely watched proxy measure, providing the latest sign of softness in manufacturing. 
Netflix Really Chills 
The Wall Street Journal article: "U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus." 
The head of the European Central Bank’s banking arm, Andrea Enria, was concerned about low profitability, old technology and governance and conduct problems at banks across the eurozone. via 
this is f'ing hysterical!!! 
“Pat Cipollone was alerted when the NSC received Bolton's manuscript last year [late Dec], but wasn't briefed on its contents, sources say. He first learned about Bolton's allegations when the New York Times contacted the White House on Sunday.” Sure, Jan. 
.@realDonaldTrump as you know, #JimBakker KNOWS from what he speaks. He's talked Gospel with some of those Porn Stars himself. They are a great place for deep reflection! Uncle Don, tell us some Gospel Stories, pleazzzze. 
@realDonaldTrump TRUMP'S ACTIONS OVER THE PAST FEW YEARS SET BACK PEACE PROCESS IN THE MIDDLE EAST BY DECADES! Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
Local Mother Immediately Regrets Asking For Parenting Advice On Facebook | 
New from the : Mission Accomplished (Wednesday Crossword, January 29) 
“Nothing in the Bolton revelations, even if true, rise to the level of an abuse of power or an impeachable offense — You cannot turn conduct that is not impeachable into impeachable conduct simply by using words like quid-pro-quo and personal benefit.” 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Remember when... 
Fifth time's the charm? Fed may again tweak a key interest rate as it again tries to get another rate it cares about to trade near the middle of a range for rates for a small market where banks borrow and lend reserves. Got that? 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
A return to functional institutions, from the parochial to the prestigious, at the scale of the country as a whole seems pretty impossible to me. 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via #retail #ecommerce #iot #logistics #lastmile #digitaldisruption 
Congratulations Sharmistha Dubey on the big promotion - Match Group is fortunate to have someone of her caliber lead the charge! Mandy Ginsberg - I wish you the best of health and hope to see you back in action soon! - 
As Trump rallies supporters in NJ tonight, re-upping my story from yesterday about his campaign's ambitious Iowa caucus plans. via 
“I have no life,” Mr. Gratteri said in his soft Calabrian accent. He travels between his home and office in a bulletproof car and rarely goes anywhere else. He hasn’t been to the beach or to the cinema in over 20 years.” 
This I believe 
"I Am Fun" "I enjoy fun. I both have fun and can be fun. Fun is a word that accurately describes me and a large quantity of things of which I am fond. I appreciate fun when I encounter it, BTS 
Impeachment Ratings Skyrocket After Introducing Agitated Horde Of Honey Badgers #MAGA #TRUMP 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
Credit-scoring company Fair Isaac is making changes that will create a bigger gap between consumers deemed to be good and bad credit risks. @wsj #DeltaCommunityCU #CreditScore 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Stocks Are on Course for Biggest Move Since October 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
@AprilTara @AngryBlackLady Also, I cannot think of REO Speedwagon without thinking of this: 
.opinion my Tuesday column on the new phase of Arab unrest: rebellion against sectarian politics and for national identity. No more tribes with flags 
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency - 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Statement By Pinocchio Rated Four Ocasio-Cortezes 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Oh, for fuck's sake 
Testimonies Place Trump at Center of Ukraine Pressure Campaign - 
"The Puffin Foundation, with more than $14 million in assets split between two independent entities, were seeded with the fortune Mr. Rosenstein made in the Allen screw business." 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@donnasaysso @ambassador_roe @BethanySophiea It’s not a lie. Just Incase you still believe there was no good reason to oook into Ukraine’s corruption, here’s a timeline. 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via the fact that CBO projections often go awry is not much comfort 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
more from 'the hole isn't deep enough left': CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
At $130,000 per romantic “gospel episode” Trump is paying upwards of $260,000 per minute to “preach”. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
A few comments from a European perspective: 1. Babylon Bee surpassed as premier parody for the same reason South Park rules supreme. Their parody has no blindspots. Absolutely everyone and everything will get hit. CNN and abortion included. 
@alexisgoldstein @BernieSanders Joe is an asshole but 
Yooo. They have no chill lmao. 
Another Woman Comes Forward To Accuse Trump Of Existing Against Her Wishes | 
Trump's Impeachment Trial—Live Analysis via Politics a lease is 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
China is blatantly calling for censorship and a disturbing need to control this story. #ChinaVirusSesungguhnya #wsj #orwell 
Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit 
As the new year begins, we recommend checking out 's "Best Books About #Retirement and #Aging of 2019." These six books offer helpful advice and insights for achieving health and well-being in mind, body and bank account. 
New York Neighborhoods Fight New Housing, Each for Different Reasons - 
Electronic trading platform ⁦@MarketAxess⁩ is trying to make green bonds easier for investors to find ⁦@MattWirz⁩ 
@Squill_whispers @junogsp7 @realDonaldTrump BabylonBee said it best... 🤣🤣🤣 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Many large companies are adding alternative-fuel #trucks to their fleet, including @UPS! 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
A lot of talented reporters at the covered this story. The team in Brazil was led by two extraordinary reporters. Both women. They spent the past year trying to find out what happened and who was responsible. Listen to their tale here: The Journal. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' ⁦⁩ 
ANOTHER Deferred Prosecution Agreement in U.S., U.K. and France!? Does that mean #JustinTrudeau's bullying has gone...GLOBAL!!!??? via 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says it is evaluating 127 complaints against electric-car maker via 
With #socialresponsibility, good leaders play offense, not defense. Learn why from @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21 in . #CIOJournal 
White House counsel Cipollone learned of Bolton's claims in book on Sunday, a person familiar with the matter says 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #ticktock 
Good news for all of us! #OurCommunity #RealEstate 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
FFL Partners is putting discount eyewear retailer Eyemart Express on the block 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Schiff actually did say something scarily similar to this. But then that's what makes good satire. 
Trump--not just hateful and stupid, but also incompetent. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, which has dozens of locations in 13 states, is seeking to reorganize under bankruptcy protection 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Here's a story I wrote more than four years ago: 
Wuhan’s mayor says Beijing rules were partially responsible for an initial lack of transparency, saying it needed to approve release of sensitive information about the coronavirus. Communism kills 
Here your go @jCdaniels and @maseballard 
Look on my Memes, ye Mighty, and despair! 😅 
Say goodbye to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The human body has been cooling over time. via 
Shelton is a good writer but it is hard to find new ways to say the same thing over and over for decades on end. End up with stuff like this: "A gold standard beats a gab standard." 
@RepAdamSchiff Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
“You can’t have 20,000 Googlers come here and not have mass displacement.” San Jose wants a new Google campus but is fretting about the downsides. 
As the presidential election approaches, concerns about the spread of misinformation on TikTok are growing. Check out this informative video to learn more: #BCSTT 
U.S. screening passengers at 20 airports to monitor for Coronavirus 
Around 80 surrogates for the president are expected to appear at Iowa caucus sites for the Feb. 3 voting via 
“You’re still too low level for flight following at this time.” The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network 
Massive plank appears in the eye socket of lying Schifty Schiff as he accuses our POTUS of lying. His nose also grew 3 inches. Is he not under oath? 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . “Laughable “ omg really 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Private Photos of Indicted Donor Depict Ties to Trump, Giuliani 
U.S. Drugmakers Ship Therapies to China, Seeking to Treat Coronavirus #BioTech #Coronavirus 
@clairecmc sums it up nicely. 
: Amazon is expanding its warehouse operations in New York City as the online retail giant pushes to speed delivery to customers in the area 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Pete Campaign Faces Personnel Issues... 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via 
@michaelsderby markets CentralBanks .@michaelsderby's Take: The Fed Is Having a Hard Time Reaching Everyday Folks, in CentralBanks - #centralbanks - 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder 
"I wanted to be just like Kobe." The youngest players in today's NBA grew up in the 2000s. Kobe Bryant was their Michael Jordan. 
John Kerry On Possible 2020 Run: ‘I Won’t Rule Out Another Dramatic And Humiliating Loss’ | 
LOL Sure seemed like it. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses. Jesus Christ! For God's sake no president in the history of the free world has ever amassed and thrown aside every foundational law of any democracy. And still, Republicans expect to eliminate witnesses? 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
What The Fuck? Bill got impeached for sharing the gospel with Monica. 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial, people familiar with the matter said 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway #Satire 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
Looks like a few Republicans are going to cave on witnesses. DemocRats get their way and the trial gets dragged out for weeks while the country suffers. The @GOP needs to end this sham of an impeachment trial NOW! #Trump2020 #KAG 
Chuck Norton is soooo right on this. 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via 
Poor babies 
The Trump administration's "public charge" rule could not only curb the number of green cards granted each year, but also fundamentally reshape what kinds of immigrants are allowed access to the U.S. 
😂😂😂😂 - oh, dear... 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
"Homes, like stocks, are a part of consumers’ overall wealth, meaning the housing slowdown, in turn, could further eat away at global growth if homeowners feel less well-off and curb their spending." 
@CascadianSolo Area Teen Quickly Running out of Chances to Be First Openly Gay Anything (2013): 
Which reminds me: 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Ceiling Fan's One Burning Ambition To Come Loose And Murder Everyone In Denny's 
Source of info: 2/2 #LetBoltonTestify 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@switzertime I know. They don’t have an effective anti-viral for this strain. 
"Uber Braces for Clash With EU Cities on Scooter Data" 
McConnell said he does not have the votes to block witnesses. He has a paper with yes, no, and maybe in his hand. 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings | 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Some news from me and @mgordonwsj, the Trump administration has lined up tentative Arab support for its plan. More here: 
I've never been to Twitter Jail, but it would probably be pretty goddamn annoying to be in a holding cell with the rest of the people in Twitter Jail. 
A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Finally, expert advice that makes sense to me! Financial Experts Recommend Just Waiting Until Chaos Is Law Of The Land 
Too bad you didn’t take just a bit more space actually explaining what the Air Raid is from just a typical pass-oriented offense. For us viewers it would have enhanced our viewing pleasure. 
Somber Impeachment Ceremony Concludes With The Impeachment Dancers I almost made the cut as a somber Pelosi dancer. Dang 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Mitt Romney Retires To Fainting Couch After Suggesting Trump May Be Acting Ignobly 
: 232fecb0-96a2-4ca8-bb2c-2666ad118abe 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election by VOTING for the GOP! #DemSillines 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Now I heard them all. 🤣😜😂🤣😜😂🤣😜😂🤣😜😂🤣😜😂. 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
⁦⁩ (aka Fox Lite) says it’s no big deal. 
Manufacturing conglomerate 3M, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort 
New urban economics explainer! On #siliconalley and #agglomeration 
Targets Credibility...: Targets Credibility... (First column, 3rd story, link) --- Related stories: MAGA TURNS ON BOLTON... John Kelly as witness? FEINSTEIN LEANS TOWARD ACQUITAL? 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Longtime Match Group exec Mandy Ginsberg is stepping down as CEO following a crazy four months: a tornado hit her home and also she had personal health hiccups 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar | 
@SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump NEVER EVER vote for a Republican. They are irresponsible. They don't want #WitnessesAndDocuments because they KNOW Trump is guilty, but raiding the US Treasury is way too much fun. 
Schiff sporting his big red clown nose riding an elephant &amp; juggling 14 flaming bowling pins: “These are serious proceedings &amp; we will not have them mocked. The American public needs to know how super serious we are about this." #SchiffShow #ShamTrial 
Authorities seek court orders against operators in New York and Arizona that they say let hundreds of millions of illegal robocalls reach customers 
Man Tries Using Pink 6-Pound Bowling Ball To Great Amusement 
“Republicans had hoped to wrap up the trial with an acquittal of the president by this week, but Mr. Bolton’s account has thrown that time frame into doubt.” #ImpeachmentHearings 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
$MMM (-1.9% pre) 3M to Cut 1,500 Jobs, Posts Lower Profit - MW - 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via ...... 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation 
State Attorneys General to Meet With Justice Officials to Coordinate on Google Probe - 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
...well goddamn...I wish someone would share the gospel with me. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
@GeoffRBennett but is reporting the exact opposite 
Still on break, but I'm dropping these off (4 today) so... Satire Tweet #1 () "Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby" 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
@kylegriffin1 McConnell Says @GOP DOES NOT have the #Votes to block Impeachment Witnesses! 
AirPods are a hot item among the tween and under set. How young is too young for an easy-to-lose luxury good? via #AirPods 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains has filed for bankruptcy after years of losses 
How many ladies has he Bakker shared the gospel with in a hotel room? And how many has he given $130k to help them in their faith? Incredulous. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Satire, maybe?...Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
*Cough* 
Glenn Reynolds calls the Babylon Bee "America's paper of record." After seeing the article below (and after composing myself and wiping away tears of laughter) I'd say he's not wrong. #Satire #humor 
@polite_netizen @AliceFromQueens Obligatory link. 👇 
@briebriejoy Why didn't you support the candidate with the most diverse, most working-class coalition in 2016? 
Apparently our employee band “the Invocans” are in good company... 🤣🤣 @Invoca @holidomeLarry pls tell me you are part of the @salesforce beat box crew! 
If copper has a PhD in inflation, the good doctor is saying we should be worried about deflation. The Daily Shot: Fund Managers Stung by Commodities via 
FICO is changing the way it calculates credit scores. The takeaway: It will likely lower them for many Americans, making it harder to get loans via 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
New J.Crew CEO is former Victoria’s Secret executive 
This is good. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
Florida @SenRickScott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa. #RickScott 'oversaw the largest #MedicareFraud ' in U.S. history. 
The decline of the Catholic Church in Germany has accelerated amid the scandals and growing secularization. According to the church’s latest statistics, 216,078 people left the church in 2018—a leap of 29% from the previous year 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Trump Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” #Israel via 
Actual expert too boring for TV! Dr. Vanak @abi_vanak, you should seriously consider a lavender silk tie. 😉 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects #usd #fed 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers via ⁦⁦@tylergabriel_⁩ , ⁦@katie_honan⁩ 
Abolish Asia’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Where Pandemics Breed - 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
@Graenni @MikedoyleDoylem demons... lol 
"Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election" BTS 
And I thought Amazon hated competition! 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Pudgy Doughboy With Rosy Red Cheeks Presses Nose Up Against Window Of Chocolate Shop 
So the self-proclaimed pussy grabber was sharing the gospel... 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | - He's cheated on every wife! 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus #article #comedy 
SEB Posts Forecast-Beating Profits 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Study Finds Effectiveness Of Medical Treatment Skyrockets When Doctor Acts Like Condescending Dick&lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; @DanLairdMD @SpicyPurritos @woutgorge @tal7291 @hipEchik 
Russia, Hong Kong placing restrictions on travelers from China. The US CDC and State Dept raised travel warnings for Americans traveling to China. CDC says all “non-essential travel” to China should be postponed for the time being. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' #MAGA #TRUMP 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data 
C'mon now. You know this is funny. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Senate majority leader makes remarks in private Republican meeting 
NEWS from : GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses McConnell told Republicans the vote total wasn’t where it needed to be...He had a card with "yes," "no," and "maybes" marked on it, apparently a whip count via 
“Having been freed from the shackles of religion, we will now make wild predictions about when the world will end.” 
@RealDonaldTrump is STUPID!! “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
@AllenTraylor4 @Xenos_on_ice @RepRatcliffe @GOP Actually, I was talking about the farms. Trump’s tariffs and trade wars have decimated small farms and have allowed Russian agriculture to take the market share the USA used to have. 
May both of my boys be REBELS. 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects - Debt held by the public will be 81% of GDP this year ,projected to reach 98% by 2030 - always blaming the tax cuts that stimulate economic growth via 
@RepAdamSchiff Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Frantic impeachment managers thought about pushing things back a day so as not to be eclipsed by Taco Tuesday, but then impeachment would just be eclipsed by Wing Wednesday. 
God Struggling To Feign Happiness After Jesus Announces He Marrying Exotic Dancer From Place Off I-95 
When I was 11, I played games like Scrabble, read books and watched TV. The world is different now. AirPods weren’t enough for Jacob, age 11; he had to have AirPods Pro. But experts warn that kids aren’t old enough via #technology 
The president’s lawyers don’t realize that they are not participating in an Article III trial. 
Wuhan Mayor Says Beijing Rules Partially Responsible for Lack of Transparency 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
She's fun. So much fun. All kinds of fun. #ILikeBernie 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - freeing ⁦@CNN⁩ from acting like a real news organization. 
Coming to a peaceful rally near you. #Richmond2ARally 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
Yes, well... 
Progressive Group Launches 'Center For Advanced Ad Hominems' 
Snopes, fact-check this... 
I won’t believe it till I see that mustache in the witness chair. 
🚨AWESOME NEWS: Mitch McConnell tells @SenateGOP that the @GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block witnesses. Time to #subpoena John Bolton.😎 #AmericansWantWitnesses #Ukrainegate #BoltonMustTestify 
"Women can get dinged for resisting gendered roles and risk being labeled as difficult, says Joan C. Williams... Meanwhile, men are asked less often to perform menial tasks and don’t face consequences when they decline." 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed | 
It’s no secret curb appeal helps sell a home, but a new algorithm is helping researchers determine just how much it adds to a property’s value. via 
Opiate of the masses 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"The @realDonaldTrump administration, confident @NicolasMaduro would fall, didn’t foresee Russia leading the way for other countries to eclipse the sanctions." The administration didn't know #Russia seeks to thwart nearly all #US foreign policy objectives? 
Excitement Builds Around New PlayStation After Leaked Images May Show Your Long-Lost Father Holding A PS5 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says via @aosipovich 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
SAP raises its earnings outlook, capping a tumultuous year for one of Europe’s most valuable technology companies via 
@HouseIntel @RepJerryNadler @RudyGiuliani @realDonaldTrump This is not a real :Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians.From the commander Rostam to the general Soleimani - Iran for freedom. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - . scum RIno's pull back stab..... 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ via 
@pump0666 @dvillella @SenJohnBarrasso @realDonaldTrump This is not a criminal trial. 
Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller 
Bond Rally Takes Breather Despite Coronavirus Fears: 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Stephen Miller Hurt At Being Passed Over For Job Stalking Female Ambassador 
Archaeologists Discover King David's 'Make Israel Great Again' Hat 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Polling Shows Sanders Surpassing Biden In Iowa, New Hampshire 
Republican leaders said they don’t currently have enough votes to block witnesses in President Trump’s Senate impeachment trial after his legal team concluded its efforts to counter Democrats’ charges. 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
.⁦@betswrites⁩ of the ⁦⁩ ⁦⁦health⁩ writes one of the most informative—and based on fact—articles I’ve ⁦⁩seen on the coronavirus. 
Lol, we get more truth about Joni Ernst from an article than from Joni Ernst herself. Organize. Register. Vote her out. #DemCastIA #IASen 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | 
So true... 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
⁦⁦@ScottAdamsSays⁩ I think you predicted something like this may happen. 
I need to hire one full time. 
CEO Seth Dillon. "When you can't compete with hilarious satire like CNN, you obviously look for ways to get them on your team. BNN !! Hahahaha ♥️ 
I would like to hear @StormyDaniels assessment of this. I don't think @JimBakkerShow was actually there. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
“A recent probe by Germany’s cybersecurity agency with help from the U.S. and other allies failed to show that Huawei could use its equipment to clandestinely siphon off data, according to senior agency and other government officials.” 
@ChrisCuomo Why do leftists hide behind children? 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache 
"A microcosm of a battle that has played out over and over across the region. Technology has brought extraordinary wealth to Silicon Valley. It has also worsened the area’s housing shortage and a widening economic divide. The quest… 
There should be a tax per transaction on this legalized form of insider trading. : Ultrafast Trading Costs Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says 
.@kellyannepolls: "Dr. Martin Luther King, who was known for his nonviolent tactics, including protests and community organizing, would certainly have traveled abroad to pressure foreign nations to expose a political enemy’s secrets." 
@charliekirk11 🤣Schiff &amp; Dems are so ridiculous, their reality is like satire! 
"The Quack Attack is back, Jack!" 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@camille_box @HDatawonk @weslavigne @LindseyGrahamSC Is this the kind of stupidity Christian Conservatives believe? Really? I'm a God fearing Christian and I'm losing faith in the people who call themselves Christians. I'm not losing faith in God, but the people who are supposed to be following Him! 
The editorial page - which has been a toady for Trump - says #BoltonMustTestify 
The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism. The complementarian’s wife is usually walking five full steps behind him with her eyes downcast (this is law), wearing a floor-length dress and an Amish-style bonnet. 
@TheJoeMarino @amazon Amazon turned into eBay without telling anyone 
Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call 'Too Perfect,' 'May Have Used Phone Call-Enhancing Drugs' 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives | 
Forgive my bluntness here. But sticking your dick in a pornstar is in no way sharing the Gospel. Sorry, that’s not how that works. 
Oh, yeah, for sure we'll let this bozo take over... 
President Trump's Middle East peace plan envisions Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem but is not expected to formally rule out a Palestinian state, according to people briefed on the contents 
I sometimes do 30 hours in two days...quit ya bytchin' 
Across New York City, rezonings have proved challenging and polarizing as Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration tries to balance the interests of residents, local elected officials and developers 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Like Trump has said, he can stand in the middle of 5th ave and shoot someone and he won’t lost any support, I am not surprised, they all got their blinders on Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable 
⁦⁩ is really on to something here. I’m on it. #avgeek #ation #Boeing737Max 
The S&amp;P 500 is hanging on to monthly gains, a bullish signal for the rest of 2020 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients via 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
New Smart Doorbell Will Argue With Jehovah's Witnesses, LDS Missionaries For You 
Trump: 'I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus' 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan without Palestinian presence 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Elite American M.B.A. programs report steep drops in interest as international students opt for universities in Europe and Canada via 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. vía 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election #ImpeachmentHearings #ImpeachmentTrials 
Unbelievable that trump would assert “no casualties!” 
This goes against AAPL's Code of Ethics for the practice of forensic psychiatry. 
T🇺🇸State Dpt has is­sued a travel ad­vi­sory, urg­ing Amer­i­cans to re­con­sider travel to🇨🇳due to the risk of in­fec­tion in ..quar­an­tines im­posed in nu­mer­ous cities around t coun­try. T CDC rec­om­mends avoid­ing all nonessen­tial travel to🇨🇳 
My new best friend! 
Peter Jackson To Honor Christopher Tolkien With 578-Film Adaptation Of 'The Silmarillion' 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
For 55-year-old actor Blair Underwood, working on Broadway means he’s back in his best shape. 
@JoeBiden If you were in charge, "nothing would fundamentally change". -Joe Biden 2019 Link: 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Looks like McConnell doesn’t have the numbers to block the calling of witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial. 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
This is needed right now. Bidens in Ukraine: An Explainer - 
⁦@BStulberg⁩ how can you argue with these results??? 😂😇 
Trump Campaign Works to Garner Local News Coverage - - *2/2 with replacement time allotment of incumbents CEO/CFO cancelled due to controversy of television actors corporate expenditures 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏾‍♀️🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏻‍♀️ 
Scientists: 'Look, One-Third Of The Human Race Has To Die For Civilization To Be Sustainable, So How Do We Want To Do This?' 
@normanrbrink @HotlineJosh No, i don't and neither does the Wall Street Journal - 
Wall Street Journal writing about how people don’t want their rich ancestors’ fur coats.... 
“To date Prince Andrew has provided zero cooperation.” 
Meant to be used once a week, this shampoo made with pink salt and rose-hip oil clarifies and detoxes the scalp 
U.S. National Debt Will Rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO Projects - 
@Asgrow_DEKALB The only thing you need to know about seed: 
Really well-written piece about fair chance hiring by ⁦⁦@RSimon18. Note the high retention rates and support that is available. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
And if you send me $50, I’ll send you an autographed picture of Jesus. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
WASHINGTON, D.C.—In his opening statement at Trump's impeachment trial, Rep. Adam Schiff reminded the Senate of their solemn duty and the gravity of just what it is they will be discussing at the trial. &lt;pretend satire&gt; 
The NFL Loves Insiders. Andy Reid Is the Ultimate Outsider. Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. 
Senate Republicans Force Through Resolution Establishing Wingstop As Official Sponsor Of Impeachment Trial 
Inconsiderate Woman On Bus Eating Live Tuna 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Chair of Harvard Chemistry Dep't. likely Chinese spy: 
It's Taco Tuesday! 
Chris Matthews Warns Bernie Sanders Victory Runs Risk Of Making Him Look Stupid 2 Elections In A Row #humor # 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Poll: Majority Want Impeachment Hearings To Continue As Long As Possible So Congress Will Be Too Busy To Meddle With Our Lives 
Sometimes the best management is no management at all. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Ultrafast Trading Costs Stock Investors Nearly $5 Billion a Year, Study Says - 
It's "Totalitarians unmasked." time: Fascist Democrats: "Voters? Voters? We don't want no frigg'n voters deciding elections!" As schiffilis Schiff might have well said gravely. "We... 
Trump Says He Has Given Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
we have reached peak @ailworth! Super Bowl Means ‘Avocado Hand’ Is Back—With a Vengeance - 
I laughed 
CNN and Ignorance 
Is anyone ever a REALLY surprised with CNN? CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Sneering hashtags, @nbcsnl skits and accusations of a cover-up only underscore what’s really bothering @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @RepJerryNadler: Somehow @senatemajldr always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via #MidnightMitch 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' #TornadoTrump 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies.⁦@iandenisjohnson⁩ ⁦@raykwong⁩ 
» New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Voice imitation has moved from Hollywood to real world: it is happening TODAY. I guess many would have read this article from Aug, 2019: 1/7 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
What to Know About the New Chinese Coronavirus. Helpful info from ’s ⁦@betswrites⁩: 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data via Still hurts. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces / it would be a huge improvement~~ 
Gotta love satire sites. 
“Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel. related 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them #Coronavirus 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
"Guns are a plague on mankind. They are the source of all violence in our modern world. Can you imagine how peaceful the world would be if guns didn’t exist? Well, you don’t have to imagine. There was such a time; it’s called our distant past." 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
“Google is among a handful of giant technology companies that have come under a government spotlight amid rising concerns that they are using their dominance to stifle competition.” 
MEESA HAVE TO POOPY 
Governor Blackface Klansman: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
buckle up. 
@TedLBliss1 @RandPaul @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Gotta love these 'Christians' for Trump 😂😂😂😂😂 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
@miriamgottfried Here's the full story: 
.@VP So did trump have a 'cum' to Jesus meeting? 
@realDonaldTrump McConnell says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to block Impeachment Witnesses! #WitnessesAndDocuments 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
An additional 16 U.S. troops suffered concussions or traumatic brain injuries during Iran’s ballistic missile strike earlier this month, the Pentagon said 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
From Discover on Google 
This Derek Jeter/ piece is still one of my favorite articles 
Kobe Bryant Brought Competitive Drive to His Investing Career 
@CNN Unveils New Format Where the #FakeNews Hosts, @brianstelter &amp; @Oliverdarcy Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It....... #FakeNewsCNN #FakeNews 
“Sustained federal budget deficits and debt will hit the highest levels since World War II over the next decade, according to a Congressional Budget Office report released on Tuesday.” 
The Gospel according to Jizz? #impeachTrump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America and the effect it might have on milk prices. 
It’s interesting that a mere decrease in the rate of housing price inflation is seen as a threat to the global economy. 
Right,and the gospel just happened to be between his legs. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Money Mondays: Any English Majors in the group? @SJWriters #SJWriters 
Heard on the Street: Past epidemics have had only a small impact on headline stock indexes, but some travel and tourism companies have been hit hard via 
Head On Pike Really Pulling Together Castle’s Look 
Congrats @Delta on another great year! I have been flying with you guys since I was a child, and whatever you’re doing now, keep it up. @Allegiant, thank you for allowing me a way to get to my family very quickly and for a good price. Well deserved! 
Corona Virus may shave off about 1% point off China's 2020 growth rate 
U.S. Durable Goods Orders New orders for transportation equipment were up 7.6%, boosted by a 168% jump in orders for defense aircraft. Meanwhile, orders for nondefense aircraft fell sharply, likely reflecting the continued fallout from #Boeing’s 737 MAX. 
Pressure Grows for Bolton to Testify at Impeachment Trial 
The NBA has postponed Tuesday's game between the Lakers and Clippers. It was scheduled to be the first Lakers game since the death of Kobe Bryant. 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
World War III Rated Most Disappointing Sequel Since 'Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull' It IS amazing how quickly the Iran story went away in the media... 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
Real-Life ‘Katamari!’ This Drunk Driver Is Still Dragging The Cyclist He Hit 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
What does Vale owe the devastated town? First, it showered it with cash. Now, it plans to pull out altogether. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
@impeach_mf @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Finally, the janitors from Iran, and their cousins, and their cousins puppy (who are fighting so hard to stop #s386) won’t get a green card. 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
From Discover on Google 
Just Perfect 
@thoughtfulfala @Not1word1 @NPR @MrColionNoir You actually think that was all there was. You seriously believe all the BS put out about the rally ahead of the fact. Sorry you can't celebrate this. I am sure you are heart broken about your failed narrative. 
Brazil state prosecutors charge ex-Vale CEO Fabio Schvartsman with homicide for last year’s deadly dam collapse, along with others from the mining company and auditor TÜV SÜD, via #Brumadinho 
@seanhannity @RickZabel_WNY Definitely focus on poop in SF and not the $1 trillion deficit PER YEAR that will become 98% of GDP in 10 years 
Brilliant, as always, 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
@MsBarcaOfficial @Aleifuu @japantimes • *the link to the national stats is all in Japanese ^ 
Good call 
98.6 Degrees Fahrenheit Isn’t the Average Anymore - 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character | THE song goes broccoli, celery, smoke some weed- veggie tales 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ what a world we live in smh 
Santana And Rob Thomas' 'Smooth' Sweeps Grammy Awards For 13th Year In A Row 
I wonder him many times #JimBakker has ‘shared the gospel’ with porn stars? #hypocrite 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Funny that this article talks about scaring ppl in the NYC subway if someone passes out from flu ... I did that in 2004. Woke up flat on my back 
@TonesHyus @EsotericCD Really? HMMMM.... I thought Trump was a Republican? I thought that Trump's first two terms both the House and the Senate were controlled by Republicans.... are you telling me that isn't true? 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Good news for the podcasting industry. Bad news for my wallet and my listening ears🎙️ 
When asked about the board, Schiff said that having a board stick out of your face is "always a sign of God's favor in the Bible." 
@crikitrn @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
Aus der Defensive. #AKK: "We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.” 
British concept of data security is akin to posting a "no trespassing" sign and hoping the CCP will care 
American AI startups still account for the lion's share of venture-capital deals, but their proportion is slipping 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
😂😂😂 Threat? Bolton Wakes Up Next To His Dead Mustache | 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
Prosecutors have evidence Bezos’ Girlfriend gave Texts to Brother who leaked to National Enquirer 
This is EXACTLY WHAT Demoncrats are working against -- American Voters colluding to Vote in a false president in 2020 
: Software Giant SAP Shows Signs That Revamp Is Bearing Fruit 
WTF Havard snobs. #coronavirus 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - The Wall Street Journal via @GoogleNews 
:D :D :D In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
This is as relevant as ever. 
Is @JimBakkerShow for real?!! You were caught with Jessica Hahn! Were you explaining the gospel too as you were inside her?! Don’t bull**** people! You evangelicals have failed God! You are serving trump more than God! False prophet! Charlatan! Fraud! 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses Please disappoint me @SenateGOP! DEMAND DOCUMENTS &amp;/or Witnesses! 
@sitcom201 @TicTocTick or perhaps mexico is acting like a wall... and paying for it.... 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' | 
As more and more state attorneys general come together to discuss the implications of big tech’s anti-competitive practices, it’s clear that regulating companies like @amazon becoming increasingly important to Americans. 
@KingTeridax @Twitter san actually has this if you update your app 
@HumansAreLoco @prageru Or this:. 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed | 
How PMIs Signal Early Warnings for the Economy #video #news #klout 
Breeze Plays Kick-Ass Riff On Wind Chimes 
Tick, tick, tick... #nationaldebt #debt #deficit via 
Working Artist Has Developed Thick Skin For Sound Career Advice - #in #entrepreneur #workfromhome #smallbusiness 
Is the senate actually going to give a fair impeachment trial? Am I dreaming? 
@alexkotch Finally escaped his puzzle box. 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
Something other than politics I couldn't think of a better couple to tackle this project Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
Travel is also far more important now than it was to the much poorer, industry-heavy China of 2003. Tourism and related sectors now account for about 5% of China’s economy, notes Commerzbank, up from 2% in 2003." 
Social media is the primary mode of communication for the younger generation. As we continue to find new ways to communicate, we will continue to uncover problems as well as solutions to those problems. #Communication #SocialMediaNews 
There were 27,059 avocado-related knife injuries between 2013 and 2017. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | . ⁦@SenRonJohnson⁩ 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
It was foggy in LA the day that Kobe Bryant crashed. Any number, however big, when multiplied by zero is zero. 
@mefbama @RoTrader33 @merdemill @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford McGahn's subpoena is still being argued in Fed Appeals court. Admin lost first round. Now the DOJ is arguing, the courts should not get involved in disputes between Congress and the executive branch. Read these articles. 
We must go beyond a number to plan for a lifestyle. The unexpected and unplanned creates emotional and economic disruption. Incorporating dreams and necessities as well as preparing for financial unknowns helps in part, to make lemonade when handed lemons. 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
This is way beyond grabbing. 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Ha ha ha ha ha...'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Billionaires Try to Shrink World’s Population, Report Says - The Wealth Report - 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
“This weekend, when twelve inches of snow fell, I swallowed my pride and handed my wife the snow shovel.” 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via 
People don’t want campaign ads for President Trump or Michael Bloomberg in the Super Bowl, a poll said, but here’s why they might be a smart buy anyway. 
So ummm... how come she could describe his 'mushroom? 
The company taking a data-driven approach to preventing bribery and corruption isn’t part of the tech sector. In fact, its product predates the wheel. via 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
@CBHessick @gtconway3d From the . 
Because they will do a better job. 
Melting Giraffe Congressman Warns Impeachment Distracting From Surreal Issues 
But first she spanked The Devil out of him with that Forbes Magazine! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits&amp; accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them, writes @wjmcgurn via -MITCH DERANGEMENT SYNDROME -ALWAYS OUTFOXING PELOSI 
Nothing definitive, but one worked worked from 1996-2000 at Progressive "which last year took a $156.1 million charge." Ted, it seems to me, became $BRK 's presumptive CIO Monday morning, December 23, 2019: 
After WeWork, #RealEstate Startups Rethink Pursuit of Fast Growth - #MARGAUXMONET 
Sanders Campaign Raises Pay To $700 Per Hour By Laying Off Everyone Except Bernie | 
This article strongly captures my feelings towards #KobeByrant. He's my generation's MJ. "They marveled at him on television[,] pretended to be him in their driveways[,] wanted to be him when they were kids and be around him when they grew up." #RIPMamba 
@Kosher_Weaver @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
You’ve got to be effing kidding me! If you know anything about the 5G infrastructure, then you know this plan of the UK literally gives Huawei access to the “keys” to the “kingdom”. #smh #BrexitTheInternet 
New Comcast Bundle Deal Includes 24/7 Live-In Technical Support 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states, for Israelis and Palestinians via 
The  coronavirus outbreak is exposing the vulnerabilities of China’s top-down government, and the damage is spreading far beyond the mainland. 
😂😂😂😂😂IF YA CAN'T BEAT THEM THEN YOU WATCH THEM!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣WHAT IDIOTS THEY ARE AT @CNN!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
The study found that about one-fifth of trading activity at the LSE was concentrated in brief “races” between firms. This needs to be fixed. 
Grandkids will suffer greatly 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Bernie Sanders Praises China For Eradicating Poverty By Killing All The Poor People 
@StarParker @EvanSayet @Heritage Says it all👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
Maybe they will learn some Journalism...🤣 CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@katalva3 Well phuk who's bending the truth here? 
EBay Profit Drops Amid Strategic Review 
Bloomberg’s Views on Marijuana Out of Step With Democratic Field - 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
'trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker He's "done more for religion than anyone else !" #trump #Stormy 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
I wonder if this would have happened if the UK wouldn't be in the EU (and consequently Airbus had no presence in the UK). Has the SFO ever tried to prosecute a Chinese or Russian or US company? That would be extraterritorial wouldn't it? 
Investors are trying to determine whether the coronavirus outbreak could upend their bets on a global economic recovery 
Look out ... ;) In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
What do you call it when Congress is tied up and unable to pass tyrannical legislation? A good day. 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Somebody ask Jessica Hahn what “Sharing the Gospel” means in #JimBakkerLand. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed | 
Bolton’s claim goes to the heart of the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry and contradicts the White House stance about decision to hold up Ukraine military aid #witnesses 
Harvard Spy Game. Charles Lieber lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding millions via 
@GenFlynn You Mr Flynn don't represent the morals of our country as far as I'm concerned you can rot in prison 
“I’m not a little old lady in tennis shoes,” says a 75-year-old Texas woman prepping to race up the Eiffel Tower 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
'Absolutely Nothing Happening Today,' Says CNN Reporter Gesturing Toward Massive Crowd At March For Life 
Flock Of Monocled Geese In Top Hats Joins Don Lemon In Round Of Laughter At The Commoners 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right Knowing AOC, I can’t say the article is off base. 🧐 
A project to redevelop J.C. Penney’s headquarters in Texas is running into trouble refinancing $384 million of debt ⁦⁩ #CRE #Retail #RealEstate 
New Risk to World Economy: Synchronized Housing Slowdown 
The administration thinks its "peace plan" has "tentative support from at least some Arab states," which almost certainly means the Gulf states won't publicly oppose it for fear of angering Trump, not that they will actively push this plan. 
@WatchingWhatYou Sorry ..... Trump is sitting on 100 Million in campaign cash as we post. No, this is more bullshit from Kevin McCarthy, a known felon who took foreign bribes to cover up Trump's criminal betrayal of the USA. 
Key staff members have left @PeteButtigieg's campaign just days before the Iowa caucus, as nonwhite staffers express concerns about a lack of inclusivity. Many of us have been warning y’all that Buttigieg is problematic, but you didn’t want to listen. 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone 
Interesting read - 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
.@CNN marries up. 
"But... muh tax cuts" #MAGA# The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via 
@AmandaMarcotte Reminds me of this: 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Yeah, right. 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
@CompoundBoss Oh shit 
Sweatshirt String Emerges Triumphant After Harrowing Journey Through Hood 
Senate Asks Pelosi If She Can Send Over Copy Of Impeachment Articles Without Wine Stains All Over It 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break 
You Are Not A Real Christian If You Do Not Share This Post On Social Media Right Now 
The SEC has identified some strong practices in cybersecurity it has observed during audits, urging others to bring their security up to scratch @JimRundle writes: via Cyber #emailsecurity #TrustYourInbox 
@StegallMargaret @larrydaliberal Dearest Margaret - See the attached argument. Let me bring you in on an inside secret - there really wasn’t a rake. Shhhh - keep that to yourself. Some of the more gullible people on the internet may get upset. 
Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
While Lemon tried to talk about 1/2 of country that doesn't share his political views, panel of geese went into fits of honking, cackles, belly-laughs. Lemon himself could barely get a word out . 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. Shares rose 2.3% afterhours. 
$JNJ CEO Gorsky testified today for the first time in court regarding litigation over the safety of the company's talcum powder, @Loftus reports 
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has always been an outsider. And that has made him the NFL’s foremost offensive mind. via 
Fed Officials Weigh New Recession-Fighting Tool: Capping Treasury Yields - 
Experts Unable To Determine Why Someone As Rich As Justin Bieber Even Needs To Believe In God Anymore 
@CNN should report the truth instead of yelling at reporters who do. 
The UK will allow Huawei to build part of its 5G networks. A few questions going forward: (thread) via 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | which might well be irony comedy or fake but is nonetheless a marvelous and fitting defense 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
.@SpeakerPelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump #ShamImpeachment 
Your Wife Claimed She Was 'Fine' And That 'Nothing Is Wrong.' Fact Check: FALSE 
"Will 5G Reinvent Working From Home?" 👥“What 5G does is make the remote worker feel less like a second-class citizen in a meeting." 👥 By Steven Melendez #remotework #5G #tech 
Listen 🎧: President Trump unveils a Middle East peace plan. @GeraldFSeib has analysis. Plus, @rebeccaballhaus on final defense arguments in the impeachment trial. And @ailworth has some avocados and don'ts for Super Bowl Sunday. @annmariefertoli hosts. 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Every time I hear Republicans insist Zelenskyy and Ukraine never once said there was any pressure from Trump, I think of the headline, "Domestic Abuse No Longer A Problem, Say Bruised Female Researchers" Every goddamned time. 
The coronavirus outbreak proves it’s time to close China’s ‘wet markets’ once and for all, write Christian Walzer and Aili Kang via @realDonaldTrump 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday 
The switch is complete. I read the Babylon Bee for news and CNN for satire. 
Joseph Stalin Warns Dems May Be Going Too Far Left 
So much for the Boris-Donald special relationship on trade. via 
Manufacturing conglomerate 3M, which reported a decline in fourth-quarter profit, said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs as part of a broad restructuring effort 
😂 Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
Red teams operate in high-stress and high-risk environments and often have only colleagues to fall back on for support, veterans say 
Trump set to release Middle East peace plan via 
Honestly I wouldn't disarm for money either. Would you? Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” via 
Planters Pauses Promotion of Mr. Peanut’s Super Bowl Funeral After Kobe Bryant Dies - 
Airbus has set aside nearly $4 billion to settle corruption investigations by the U.S., U.K. and France into the plane maker’s contract dealings via 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Details about the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and eight others emerged through air-traffic communications and flight data. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces | 
New Warehouse Supply Projected to Exceed Demand Over Next Two Years 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
@drmarkporter Japan gets things done too. 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
We’re aiming to plant 100,000+ trees in 2020 with the support of our clients. We’re excited to be partnering with @onetreeplanted to support a more #sustainable future. 
New Gun Debate Flash Cards Get You Through Arguments With Speed And Efficiency | 
With Federal Reserve officials likely to hold interest rates steady in coming months, the focus of their meeting this week shifts to fine-tuning their control of short-term rates. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
New App Lets Your Spouse Control The Car With Voice Commands 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
@SenThomTillis An impeachment inquiry is an investigation and charge of misconduct. Your job in the Senate is to hold a trial. That's where #DocumentsAndWitnesses are crucial. Thankfully, some Republican Senators understand that, according to . Wish you did. 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale via 
As a former health minister of the impoverish Ethiopia which has poor access to healthcare and with a GDP per capita of about $1,000, WTO head Adhanom can be genuinely awed by the Chinese system and its efficiency. It's all relative #coronavirus 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
WHOOPS SORRY GUYS 
"...Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp., Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc. are now calling for new laws on a range of issues—even though some have worked to torpedo others designed to restrict their activities." 
German Bishops Rethink Catholic Teachings Amid Talk of ‘Schism’ ~~That's ok , I just like the title caption anyway. ~~ 
That's just wonderful. “Not since World War II has the country seen deficits during times of low unemployment that are as large as those that we project,” said CBO Director Phillip Swagel. via 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation &gt;&gt; 
Oh The depth and richness of your humor is boundless.. Unrivaled I say... 
Global Stocks Slide on Coronavirus Fears 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
For Wuhan’s home province of Hubei, the U.S. State Department issued its highest Level 4 alert on Tuesday—the same warning used for N. Korea, Iran and Venezuela. @StephanieAYang 
Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians #people #sarcasm 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
@MieteRene @surecantpickem @cspan @LindseyGrahamSC Yes, he stated that, however he was acting on behalf of US policy. 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
@DonaldJTrumpJr Uncle Lev says, "I feel like my family left me." 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
so Gardner, McSally &amp; Tillis aren't just opposing witness testimony - they're 'warning' their GOP colleagues to help them block witnesses &amp; support a cover-up to protect their own political careers. #COSen #AZSen #NCSen 
Romney sold out. Again. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Apple Is a Hedge Fund That Makes Phones 
She makes a good point. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@thehill BREAKING ; GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Real stepping on a rake has never been tried folks... 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
"SARS killed about 10% of the people it infected…3% of the people confirmed to be infected with this new coronavirus have died…But the new virus may spread from one person to another more easily than SARS,…early disease modeling suggests." @betswrites 
Google Wants to Pour Money Into San Jose. The City Has a Few Demands. 
CNN Reporter Informs Iranian Protesters They're Supposed To Be Shouting "Death To America" | 's take on Iran tumult. 
I can hear the Trump Trial musical now. Mitch doesn't have the votes, Mitch doesn't have the votes. 
5 Things To Watch For At The Iowa Caucuses 
5. Fact that the US govt is not aligned internally on a number of questions surrounding Huawei is hardly surprising given complexity of the issues. Note the disagreement between Commerce and the Pentagon on the ability of US firms to sell to Huawei. 
Department Of Transportation Announces New Highway Concert Series 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
US population is currently growing more slowly even than during WWI/flu epidemic &amp; WWII. @jeffsparshott 
Although Wuhan's mayor blames Beijing for the lack of disclosure (unclear whether the world's largest new year's banquet serving 40,000 had to be kept on the schedule). 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
i think we can all read between the lines here: a Harvard professor acting as a US spy, ala Jack Ryan, weaponized the coronavirus, ala I Am Legend, and is now being abandoned by the current administration, ala Bourne Identity. it's only Tuesday y'all. 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Seattle Mariners Offhandedly Suggest Astros’, Red Sox’ Titles Be Awarded To Them Instead 
You Will Suffer Humiliation When The Sports Team From My Area Defeats The Sports Team From Your Area 
Dont buy the Luis Vitton dip. Dump your luxury junk, buy Bitcoin 
I took the test, no surprise, I’m a solid Harry. The Harry-or-William leadership dilemma 
I mean if you are blind and stupid huh will find a reason to anything such as thinking that 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker who is this moron by the name #jimbaker 
Air-traffic control is in the midst of a major change: Shift from radar to GPS should make tracking faster and more accurate, allowing more planes in the air 
A Boundary-Busting Artist Seeks to ‘Learn Through the Chaos’ Two years after graduating art school, Vaughn Spann has museums collecting his work and a solo show opening in New York 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Wall Street Journal • front page • Jan 29 2020 
...factories and millions in revenue. But also about running a small business, hiring people, and having a great business partner providing the perfect tool for business. 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Harvard's Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
@mikegalsworthy So sad about @Peston .he used to be a reputable journalist . Now it’s like Jeremy Kyle it alright under @itvnews code for him the be Lisa Nancys campaign champion in the media and give her extra airtime? emotive language about blood on hands about Starmer 
Given immigrants can't get most US welfare programs, is this unreasonable? "educational attainment, their health, &amp; whether their income is less than 125% of the federal poverty level...could make it less likely for an immigrant" to get permanent residency 
Letters: Don’t Bash Trump Trade Policy Without a Solution...the argument is disingenuous from the outset: trump started a fire, and now wants to get credit for putting a little water on it. Trump will achieve nothing...farmers in Midwest on welfare... 
Options traders are forecasting a rise or fall in Tesla’s stock of as much as 11.8% over the two sessions following its earnings report. 
Cross-border travel between Hong Kong and mainland China will be cut back significantly due to coronavirus, with measures expected to start Thursday and continue until further notice 
I see you. The anxious people, gauging my abilities in the exit row. The hungry people, packing tuna fish in a closed cabin. The parents, trying to talk softly, but needing to lay down the law. But the barefoot people? I’m sorry. This is NOT the way. 
Iowa caucus app used by Democrats raises security concerns via 
Pretty Obvious Which Sibling Going To Have To Deal With All The Nursing Home Stuff 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now | 
Were already there 
Hillary Clinton Attacks Bernie Sanders In New Interview #WhatDoYouThink? 
Off Senate Floor, Trump Team Targets Bolton’s Credibility - 
@NikkiBirnks @kathy_markovich @iamstaceylynn What’s really sad is that the is satire, and yet in this time so many people believe this could be true. 😥🥴 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Legal Fight Over John Bolton Testimony Would Enter Uncharted Territory - 
Does this projection include mild, mod or severe recession with higher unemployment and lower tax revenue? Each market participant must diligently work out his/her own salvation. 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
@Markfry809 @Drewdferguson Jim Bakker isn’t a stand up guy to say the least...but this isn’t a true quote. is satire. @Markfry809 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
🤣🤣🤣🤣 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Report: Economy Must Be Doing Pretty Well If Entire Season Of ‘Bones’ Online For Free 
Nation Sits In Stunned Silence Watching Impeachment Trial #MAGA #TRUMP 
"Senate Majority Leader Mitch #McConnell (R-KY) privately told his caucus that he does not have the votes to block witnesses at President #Trump’s #impeachment trial" 
Kids want #AirPods too?!? I guess I shouldn't be surprised. Long $AAPL as its corporate narrative continues to evolve, but scared for myself if I'm fortunate to have children down the road... 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
A Story like this restores Faith in the Youth of this Country~ In the Middle of #SocialistLeftists Spewing Hate Over &amp; Over &amp; Over &amp; Over ... Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society | 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
If paid $1 per viewer, I could probably buy them with my change container In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
The White House is scrambling to respond to the John Bolton's book after being caught off guard by its revelations 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
@jbouie At first glance, I thought you were tasting these: 
The hunt for yield is taking bond investors to a different corner of the market: stocks of real-estate investment trusts. 
Dumb AOC Accidentally Strangles Herself Tying Her Shoes (Because She Is So Stupid) 
Recipe Clipping On Fridge Officially Outlives Newspaper It Came From 
We have to revisit the Bee of months past, after Tusli Gabbards announces her law suit against HRC. 👀 
White House Rolls Out Middle East Peace Plan #people #reality 
"TPG is eager to try its own hand in the lending business." via 
This certainly brings a new interpretation to the semen on the mount. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Mom Keeps Sending Newspaper Clippings About Former Classmates Who Have Been Murdered 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
DOJ focus on Chinese infiltration of top US research universities is a welcome development I'm reminded of Fiona Hill's statement in her impeachment deposition: "They've infiltrated all of our universities. They've infiltrated a lot of our companies." 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
New York Times To Run All Facts By Angry, Pitchfork-Wielding Mob Before Going To Print 
Pepper spray would be a batter option! 
[Snowflake Alert: Satire] HIGHLY APPROPRIATE... Makes more sense than the NYTTP (New York Times Toilet Paper) recommendation of #Klobuchar (who?) and #Warren (aka Pocahontas). 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child #MAGA #TRUMP 
Hershey&amp;#39;s Ordered To Pay Obese Americans $135 Billion 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus - 
“I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has.” LMAAAAAAOOO 
Penn National Gaming to Buy Minority Stake in Barstool Sports - . ⁦@barstoolsports⁩ now valued at $450 million. 
The operator of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains has closed 33 locations and laid off about 1,100 employees 
: f8d60eb6-ad43-4b78-a0ee-0fed5521262b 
Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
China’s Censorship Helps Spread the Virus - 
@JackPosobiec @realDonaldTrump I wonder how many of Atlantic City contractors will be there ...the ones whose family’s Trump ruined when he stiffed them in a few of his many business/casino bankruptcies? 
Excited to share my quick take in opinion on why I’m a neocon 
Top 6 Happiest Countries In The World 
Officials See Low Risk of Extensive U.S. Coronavirus Infections 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
"Republican Senators Maintain They’ll Weigh All Evidence Before Carrying Trump Out On Their Shoulders" 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
What to Know About the Health Impact of Australia's Wildfires #climatechange #healthcare 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects. - Trump’s huge budget deficits pose a dangerous economic outlook over the next 10 years. 
Well said. 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
‘He Is a Dictator’ 
The Justice Department is probing a potential merger between Dean Foods and the Dairy Farmers of America via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
GOP being suckered again!! Another Kavanaugh moment! GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
“by popular demand, [George] Lucas is applying his formidable skills to the Bible with a special edition of Scripture.” on improving the scriptures. 
S H O C K I N G H O C K I N G 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses. Miracles do happen proved. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
6/ Last weekend in an interview with @wsj ’s @ericsyvlers &amp; @sarah_mcfarlane Eni’s CEO Claudio Descalzi said that he will step down if convicted of corruption in the Milan trial. 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
This is the way D's look at our enemies!! 
Lmfao 
U.S. Military Bans TikTok Over Ties to China 
Our democracy hangs on by the thinnest thread... | : McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses #TrumpImpeachment 
‘Well, I Could Do That’ Says Art Museum Attendee Viewing Security Guard On Lunch Break #lol #comedy 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Welp we are all screwed.... 
Gorsuch - “the in­creas­ingly com­mon prac­tice of trial courts or­der­ing re­lief that transcends the cases be­fore them. . . these or­ders share the same flaw—they di­rect how the de­fen­dant must act to­ward per­sons who are not par­ties to the case.” 
@kasie Didn't you say, looks like no witnesses according to your sources? You shouldn't listen to trump allies who play you time in &amp; time out. 
It's like your articles compete with each other. 
cybersecurity cyberattacks cybersecurity cybersecurity 
Report: Millions Of Courageous Americans Overcoming Media Pressure To Be Thin 
Someone tell Governor Northam. Let's nip this in the bud. 
@_SolidOrange @benshapiro Courtesy of the Babylon Bee: 
HOO BOY: McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Netflix is developing a live-action series based on 'The Legend of Zelda': via 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Question #1: Why would you want to block witnesses? GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
CRAZY STORY! Are you people kidding??? Wtf believes this!?!? Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star”, Explains Jim Bakker | 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
In case you haven't been keeping up with the Democrats' #ImpeachmentSham in the Senate, this is basically the gist of their opening arguments: 
- U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Defying Trump - China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
@AllanKirkhart @Recursion_Agent @AndToddsaid You will see the Bee appear in my timeline virtually every day. The Cow is a paid subscriber to the BB. CNN has complained shrilly about , and that is a fine tribute to satire. Apparently, fake news does not like competition. 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' #Tyranny #Constitution #freedom 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
The union that taught me to organize and bargain tough as nails endorses both Bernie and Liz Warren. @UNITEHERE11 #WinWithHotelWorkers 
@Colleen33494003 @geofficient @RepAdamSchiff It's EXACTLY what he did... Watch the video and tell me how that's not what he did. 
GOP Lawmakers Watch Silently As Trump Strangles Each Of Their Loved Ones In Turn 
Nation Accused Of Sexism For Rejecting Successful Businesswoman Cruella De Vil As Presidential Candidate | 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism 
Boeing supplier Arconic weighs job cuts amid MAX production halt via 
Canndescent is just one company that sees the potential in rebranding weed for a new set of users: 
Bolton Book Confirms Trump Tied Aid To Biden Investigation #WhatDoYouThink? 
Follow on to my post on #AI for GCs and sound advice for those looking to #machinelearning and related tech for game changing opportunity. Key take away - start small to learn and put up wins, then go big with a non-CIO sponsor of a broad team. 
WHO Chief Praises Beijing's Virus Response as Travel Barriers Rise @manianca @Inn_Fin_Grp 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks | 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Bahaha. Yes: “Increasingly Secular Nation Replaces Outdated Religious Ideas With End Times Prophecies, Moral Judgments” 
Targets Credibility... 
@DarleneNoNumber @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
“I mean, it’s not like he left behind numerous letters and speeches documenting his actual views.” ELLEN SADLER • SINGLET SEWER 
Explore C-suite trends in this Q&amp;A with @DeloitteUS' @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign So good of them! 😂🤣 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests Martin Luther King Jr. Would Have Traveled To Ukraine For Dirt On Biden 
‘’ Looks Back On The Hall-Of-Fame Career Of A-Rod’s Teammate 
@JZarif @khamenei_ir Please clarify How they can correct their past when they have such plans for our future? 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact via 
Bank for International Settlements says next financial crisis may come from climate change (e.g. rising water levels lead to widespread property damage; carbon regulations cause share price drop for energy firms, damaging their ability to service debts). 
30-Minute Silence In Car Broken With ‘We’re Making Good Time’ 
I dunno how, but these non binary individuals just keep getting better 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election An 🇺🇸 election rigged by American taxpayers? How unAmerican can we get?? 
Western Investors Are Shark Bait in China’s $1.4 Trillion Bad-Debt Ocean - 
MLK Jr: 'I Have A Dream That One Day People Won't Be Judged By The Color Of Their Skin But By Their Old Tweets' 
@reidepstein @ddayen w a piece also on Buttigieg's staff issues 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
Vacationing Uncle Posts Terse, Emotionless Facebook Update From Cruise Ship 
An unnamed Swiss banker made unlawful profits over several years from trades through his wife’s accounts at other banks via 
Picture&gt;1,000 words 
Property companies are learning they can’t expand at the same breakneck speed as an online marketplace or social network, leading some to tap the brakes on growth. via 
OH NO THEY DIDN'T? OH YES, THEY DID! 🤣😂👍 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@por_ous @almielag wonderful both of you are here just read this and thought about you two 
I love you 
Miami Hotels are Early Winners of Super Bowl LIV #hotelnews #hospitalitynews #lodging #occupancy 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
Trump’s campaign is amping up efforts to garner local news coverage via 
Stocks fell as a dangerous viral outbreak in China led to escalating concerns about its containment and potential economic impact 
@seanhannity trump is DONE. 
Did not realize this was an article until I opened it 🤷🏼 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. ⁦⁦opinion⁩ Doctors are wear­ing pon­chos be­cause they lack haz­mat suits. Vil­lage clin­ics are ra­tioning face masks. 
The deputy cyber chief also left the campaign earlier this month alongside his boss Mick Baccio, tweeting from a private account that campaigns were toxic places populated by “ass-kissers, racists, sexists, power-hungry phonies, everything.” 
😂 😂 😂 Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
With his Penis!?! FFS. This is ridiculous. Wonder what @StormyDaniels has to say about this 🤔 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat | 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - The Wall Street Journal 
WELL IF THE SENATE GIVES THE DEMS BOLTON, THE REP WILL ASK FOR BIDEN &amp; BO &amp; SCHUMER &amp; FEINSTEIN &amp; MORE &amp; AMERICA WILL SPEND BILLIONS MORE FOR "NOTHING" THANKS DEMS. GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
"No thanks, I don’t need an infectious agent to have fun." 
In Genius Move, #PresidentTrump Supports I#mpeachment , Forcing #Democrats To Oppose 
Interesting article on how body temperature has lowered over the years. 
Dershowitz: Allegations in Bolton Book Wouldn't Be Impeachable via 
😂😂😂 In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
Oh, socialist and commie wisdom. 🙄 "With the right attitude and maybe just the right kind of rake, it would result in a blissful experience." 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
How Schools Can Get Children to Eat Their Vegetables 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Insightful article discussing the uncertainties in planning by the retail industry because of shifting consumer preferences. As provider #healthsystems become more consumer focused, they will encounter some of the same uncertainties. 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
'A Border Wall Is Immoral,' Says Political Party Advocating For Infanticide | 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings | 
@realDonaldTrump You didn't fire Bolton, he quit. Can you be honest about anything? 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
: Kirk Cameron To Star In New Jason Bourne Film: 'Bourne Again' 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
#CorruptGOP Campaign Wire: 2020 Election via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Finally, #CNN going to be legit! 🤣🤣🤣 
Nancy Pelosi releases limited-edition replicas of dentures worn during the House impeachment ceremony. 
Contrarian ‘New York Times’ Travel Section Breaks With Paper To Endorse Deval Patrick For Democratic Nomination 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus || #Trump launches program reminding people that "friends don't give friends coronavirus" 
Hillary Clinton Rehearsing Convention Speech In Dozens Of Different Dialects 
"Kobe Bryant brought to investing the same dedication and tenacity that marked his basketball career" via 
@brianstelter Hope the new owners work out for you meathead. 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Top Article shared by 
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch torches ‘cosmic’ lower-court injunctions via 
I’m hard pressed to think of anyone less credible than Bolton. 
"McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses," reports. This should be interesting. 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
@seanhannity Running so scared that you are printing Russian propoganda, Sean? 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPods wireless earbuds. via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
PornHub Announces Contest To Allow One User Under 18 To View Content 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary 
Arconic Considers Job Cuts Due to Boeing 737 MAX Production Halt &lt; Fallout from the 737 MAX grounding is landing a lot wider than just Boeing. 
Uh, isn’t that what democracy is all about? We’ve had to put up with both WJC and BHO for 8 years and both made a mess of the country. 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker This is some bullshit right here. 
@BernieSanders Bernie you will not win, people see right through, I have an idea, you want everyone to distribute their earnings why don't you distribute your wealth. Better yet go livein a Socialist country. 
#CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch #FoxNews And Yell At It #CNNisTrash #CNNisGarbage #CNNIsFakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNewsCNN #fakenewsmafia #liberaltears #LiberalHypocrisy #MSM #liberalmedia #DemocratsTheEnemyWithin #TheMediaIsTheEnemy 
@realDonaldTrump Hey, great news, you lose! 
@JoyceWhiteVance Stop that. 
@Ryan_Mahoney @candicebroce Wait. YOU were the one mentioned in ! 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials 
Tokyo Portal Outage Delays Millions Of Japanese Warp Commuters 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It | 
This one is a year old but new to me. #Klomentum 
“He’s one of my closest friends,” Sen. Jim Inhofe (R., Okla.) said of Mr. Bolton three weeks ago. “It’s kind of unusual and uncomfortable for me because…I have the president I dearly love and I have the guy they fired, so that’s awkward.” 
The Untapped Potential of ‘Cluster Hiring’ / #work #biz #biztip #HR #management #startups #entrepreneur #cdnecon #economy #cdnlab #ideas #community #society #choices #diversity 
“Bei­jing has con­tin­ued to al­low a wild animal trade de­spite warnings that it caused a deadly coro­navirus out­break al­most two decades ago and could trig­ger an­other global epi­demic...” Article à lire du 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - #Oil #maduro #Venezuela #UAE #Russia #Guaido #Putin #Iran #India #sanctions #Cuba #Florida #Trump #Bolton #ElliotAbrams #Inflation #Rosneft #gold #US #WilburRoss 
J.Crew Hires Former Victoria’s Secret Executive as CEO @keriRN @rini6 @GrandmaShark18 @MpoppEileen @18TruckaMan @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby #news #feedly 
#RepublicansMisdirectionPlay? GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses Or is this headline true? 
@TheTruthbreak @zarahsultana I support Palestine more than anyone but they are in the grip of gangsters and cronies. Omar Karsou was my best friend - God rest his soul. And he knew way more than you about the realites and taught me. 
.⁦@Jim_Bakker⁩, and his fellow hypocrites, will say anything to put a shine on .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ But there’s just not enough polish in the world to put a shine on that turd. #VeteransAgainstTrump #Hypocrites 
Tell that to Stormy @StormyDaniels. She'll get a kick out of it. Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Area Dad Sure Knows A Lot About Local Weather Woman 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | (New Rule: Sex will now be referred to as “sharing the gospel”. Ex. Did you share the gospel with your tinder date? Variation: Did your date speak in tongues?) 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
While I’m disappointed that the U.K. has opted to work with #Huawei given the real security risks that this creates, today’s decision is an entirely predictable result of the Trump Admin’s failed foreign policy. 
GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses Hey @senatemajldr @SenateGOP @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz We demand witnesses and relevant documents be introduced into the IMPEACHMENT trial. Unlike @realDonaldTrump we can handle the truth. End the COVER-UP. 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' | ... like Killary does :-p 
Warren: 'Bernie Once Told Me In Private That 'The Princess Bride' Is A Garbage Movie And Those Who Enjoy It Are Human Trash' 
“If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might get a say in who is president," Schiff said gravely. "We (Democrats) simply can't allow that to happen.” 
Beijing faces uncomfortable questions over its failure to clean up the wildlife trade in recent years and unusual public calls for a permanent ban on wild meat via 
This is the best one yet, and this guy is serious? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
What could possibly go wrong?? China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Trump Administration Strikes at California’s Abortion-Coverage Mandate... via 
@RedMissGuy @EoboOboe @CriticalCricket @brithume The Horowitz report reveals Rep. Adam Schiff’s many distortions. via 
Dropping lke bats. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
@mariejolie61 @kathy_markovich @MitchellMeeks11 It's a parody site: 
The Wall Street Journal ✔ Mitch McConnell tells GOP senators that there aren't enough votes to block impeachment witnesses, people familiar with the matter say 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker #uspolitics #maga #Impeached #ImpeachmentTrial #religion #auspol 
CNN and Ignorance - CNN is arousing the ire of conservatives for a segment in which a network host and two political pundits giggle as they make fun of the alleged ignorance of Donald Trump and his voters. 
Open office plans, designed for collaboration, can make it tough for people to do any sort of meaningful, focused work 
😆😆🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣Why Can't We Return To How Peaceful The World Was Before Guns? 
Thiis really funny!! New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Well he ought to know, wonder if he even suggested passages? 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
It me- Customer Who Declined Initial Offer Of Assistance From Floor Salesman Comes Crawling Back 
Inspiring story -you can do anything if put your mind to it ! 
A draft of John Bolton’s book said the president told him he wanted to keep aid to Ukraine frozen until the country aided probes into the Bidens via 
This man is way past 10 days &amp; 2weekend followups! This right here is also th reason for the separation of the church and state was established by our forefathers! Time to put these fake Christians back in their closets &amp; never let them govern our country 
Market Decline Threatens Predictions for Calm Earnings Season - The Wall Street Journal #markets #news 
Real-Estate Stocks Rise To New Highs 
This is great. "I’m all for creating a Democratic majority, but not if we have to accept more people than the other side has” 
@gilmo51 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
way overpaid, just saying 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker Soooo what this heretical preacher is saying is that the gospel f***s you well and truly. Makes you wonder how 'oral' Roberts administers the gospel??? 
In her off-camera life, actress Zazie Beetz is a vocal sustainability advocate and lover of natural skincare (she’s a spokesperson for True Botanicals). She even makes her own shea oil body butter and whips up kombucha.  
Devastated Lakers fans display jerseys, t-shirts and basketballs with notes of condolence for Kobe Bryant outside the Staples Center. via 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG 
@CNNPolitics @CNN Verified as Truthful, 
#Dairy Already reeling. Now a federal probe $DFOD 
“Honey, you not wearing the coat isn’t going to bring that [mink] back to life. He’s been dead 60 years!” 🙏 The Awkward Heirloom:Families with vintage furs are grappling with a generational divide over an issue also roiling fashion &amp; politics via 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
@wineguru007 @Tracy31080668 @curtSRF11 @davidhogg111 Just follow him right off the cliff. 
Promises kept. 
another classic 
NeoLiberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
I played in high school and college... I'm a fan, but have a complicated relationship with the game (head injuries and all) but this article does a great job of summarizing what I got from my time playing and why I think we shouldn't give up on the game. 
The U.S. military has recovered the remains of the two U.S. service members who were on a plane that crashed in Taliban territory in Afghanistan via 
When is Boston U ever going to provide their outstanding alum an Honorary PhD degrees in Political Economy, History and Russian Studies? SEE AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
“Doing deals doesn’t yield the deep rewards that come from building up people,” said management guru Clayton M. Christensen, who died at age 67 via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Liz and Bernie’s Estates Sale - Fools together til the end - via 
What a sensitive male feminist! 
Apple Expected to Report Services Record as Stock Hits All-Time Highs 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. 
Hmm he’s not familiar with A2?? Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' | 
GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
@CPHO_Canada A former CDC director says we know hardly anything about the virus: So if we don't know much, then how are you confident that the risk is low? That is just presumptuous. 
Was already a fan of @Target Same day pick up over Amazon’s one day delivery (better for environment + workers rights) but even more impressed after reading about the strategy that allowed for it 
@TimRunsHisMouth isn't this on sale yet? 
Cool! 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election HAHAHA!! YES DEMOCRATS!!! I GUESS HE WAS JUSY GOING TO LET PEOPLE KNOW THEY WERE GOING TO CHEAT. @TheDemocrats 
@PattyArquette @SenatorLoeffler @SenatorRomney @realDonaldTrump But, but they had their chance and they decided not to. 
Trump Gives Netanyahu His Plan for Mideast Peace 
The Wall Street Journal writes about our last #facialrecognition technology initiative. 💳 Read the whole article and learn more about our payment innovation: 
Capitol Building To Be Decorated As Giant Circus Tent For Duration Of Impeachment Hearings 
💥HUGE NEWS... Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN~ The new conglomerate organization will be called BNN. CNN writers and hosts will be instructed to simply keep doing what they're doing.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 #CNNsucks 
Clinton prosecutor Ken Starr: Impeachment is becoming too frequent 
Need a good laugh,? 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
President Trump’s Middle East peace plan is a detailed blueprint that outlines how to resolve core issues on borders, security and Jerusalem that have bedeviled negotiators for decades.Sad critics react same w/all 45 actions “we always do XXX” no new ideas 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Bahaahaahahahah, I don't care what y'all think. That right there is funny. 
The #holiewudbubbledwellers do it again! It was said @TheView's joy behar was happy. @greggutfeld and were happy to hear the good news. 
The man is clearly unfit for congress 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Impeachment Needs Witnesses on Both Sides by @Peggynoonannyc via 
—Mr. Trump said the plan would rec­og­nize Jerusalem as Is­rael’s un­di­vided cap­i­tal, but that Pales­tini-ans would get a cap­i­tal in “East­ern Jerusalem,” an area he didn’t de­fine.— Hmm...Now where have we heard this before? 
“Ms. Warren has been forcefully advocating that women are electable” 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe, thinks Germany’s Defence Minister. Angela Merkel’s likely successor wants more defense spending and overseas deployments. #geopolitics #security 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients via 
This ignores the main crux of the problem: both groups claim Jerusalem as their center via 
Apple reported record revenue the last quarter of 2019. Its wearable, home and accessory business is showing the greatest growth. #wearables #connectedhome 
@senatemajldr @ouchinagirl Yes, the Babylon Bee is satire, but the way things have been going, this sounds plausible. #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica 
New York has imposed a $10 million tax bill on Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager who also paid taxes to Connecticut on the same income via 
Newsletter: Boeing and the Economy, More Tariffs and Coronavirus Contagion 
Adam Schiff Nominated For Best Actor #AmateurThespian F-Rated #SchumerSchiffShamShow 
GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Feeling like this is a good time to remind everyone of this 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
This is quite damning to read. “They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. via 
.@Pfizer posted $12.69 billion in fourth-quarter sales, meeting expectations of analysts via 
'And there will be idiots who believe this BS. Bet he can’t even name which gospel. “Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
Nah. A new Arab generation is fast losing interest in its leaders’ religion, familial ties and ability to navigate tribal politics. A growing protest movement demands competent national governance, writes @bennyavni 
@ailworth “They’re soft and then suddenly very hard and kind of slippery, so it’s the perfect set-up for stabbing yourself,” said @charlesdalyMD1 @emoryuniversity, who co-authored the study.' @ailworth @wsj #SuperBowl 
Coronavirus gets real--Starbucks closes more than half of its China stores amid outbreak via 
Some Iowa voters are expressing anxiety about making sure they pick a nominee who could unseat Donald Trump 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Coronavirus Fears Push Cruise Lines to Suspend China Voyages - 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
Opinion: Senate Impeachment Trial Extends the Progressive Democrats' Agenda #video #news #klout 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Is Trying To Win Election 
Flower Arrangement In Church Sanctuary Steps Down After 86 Years Of Service 
GOP Doesn't Have Enough Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
Africa Debt Boom May Store Up Trouble for the Future   In the decade through 2019, debt levels in sub-Saharan countries excluding South Africa have risen 23 percentage points 09-DEC-2019 :: Time to Big Up the Dosage of Quaaludes 
Sneering hashtags, SNL skits and accusations of a coverup only underscore what’s really bothering Democrats: Somehow Mitch McConnell always seems to outfox them 
WHY MOSCOW-MITCH HATE THE DEMOCRATS EX-DEM SENATOR, HARRY REID, SLEPT WITH SEN. MCCONNELL’S FORMER WIFE Ex-Sen. Harry Reid once slept with Moscow Mitch’s ex-wife. … 
SAP’s net profit and revenue for the fourth quarter of 2019 increased year-on-year, and the German software company upwardly revised guidance for 2020. 
@junaid_aslam is a long running satire site, but they went heavy on the truth &amp; extra light on the satire in this "article". 
Lemme guess. trump was merely fucking the hell out of her. 
I inherited two of my grandmothers furs this year. They’re stunning. If you don’t want your grandmother’s fur coat, I’ll take it. 
@HillaryClinton @NewsHour Says it all 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker . Bear in mind this guy embezzled church funds to pay off a woman he raped and was jailed for fraud. A fine character witness for Trump. 
Grocers looking to fill online orders more quickly are testing micro-fulfillment systems that can spit out as many as 4,000 orders a week but can still be housed in the back of stores via 
Better to learn how to navigate your financial blind spots the fun way than the hard way. I appreciate how this interactive experience from the Wall Street Journal and Schwab Advisor Services teaches a lesson about how RIAs can make meaningful impacts. 
'TRUMP WAS MERELY SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH THAT PORN STAR,' EXPLAINS JIM BAKKER “It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously &amp; while their child was only months old,” a solemn Bakker 
Hearing the news that Emilio is coming back for a Mighty Ducks series is the perfect excuse to break out this all-timer from 
Ordinary people know inflation causes trouble. Why don’t the experts at America’s central bank? asks @DonLuskin via 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Have a listen 🎧: Today's Morning Brief Podcasts 
Europe’s economy remained a global weak spot as 2020 got under way 
What a fucking jerk 
Sanders Clarifies His Gulags Will Be Democratic Gulags 
“They failed, and Venezuela triumphed.” A yearlong U.S. campaign to oust Venezuela’s president has turned into a debacle. 
Satan Refuses To Accept Any More Catholic Priests In Hell 
Gorsuch’s concurrence doesn’t go far enough, the negative consequences of these type of injunctions are obvious, especially a judge. The judges don’t care. They must be sanctioned or something real like that. Feckless Roberts should impose discipline. 
Delivered to you in the most bi-partisan way imaginable... #bolton 
Gun Rallies, Gulags, And MLK: Week Of 1/22/20 Podcast #MAGA #TRUMP 
Says th guy dragged from under his desk by Federal Marshals, crying hysterically. 
What happened to deficit hawks in the GOP? The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
BREAKING: GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
@NaithanJones It’s evolving: 
At last, some common sense sling control! 🙃🤡🤪 #2Amendment #GunControlNow #GunControl 
Sure.... 
High court allows Trump rules expanding the pool of people who could be considered a likely ‘public charge’ in the U.S. via 
@PaHouseDems @RepPattyKim @GovernorTomWolf @SenTartaglione @SenatorHaywood So quit taxing out of our homes and state. #LowerTheTaxes 
GOP Leaders Say They Don't Currently Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
How International Auditing Rules Are Shaping Standards in the U.S.A: The head of the standard setter for company audits in 130 countries and jurisdictions says his organization is looking into modernizing rules on identifying fraud 
"Impartial juror" @CoryGardner says what? 🤔 #copolitics #cosen 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
Opinion: Everyone Who Makes More Money Than I Do Isn't Paying Their Fair Share 
Flight data, air traffic communications, and challenging weather conditions are being examined as the investigation into the helicopter crash that killed Kobe Bryant and 8 others continues. 
The Wall Street Journal: New Cloud Over Global Growth: Synchronized Housing Slowdown. via @GoogleNews 
uh, Caltrain would like a word 
Four victims of Cuba’s medical missions sue the Pan American Health Organization, alleging its involvement in the foreign servitude scheme, writes @MaryAnastasiaOG via 
Atari to Build Videogame-Themed Hotels 
With six days of arguments done, here’s a look at the Democrats’ and Trump team’s arguments and strategies at the impeachment trial via 
@johnnemann Evergreen article: 
.⁦@JustinTrudeau⁩ will likely have to strike a deal with opposition parties, which have been critical of some elements of the trade deal. #USMCA 
Yankees Warn Eduardo Nunez To Stop Showing Up Derek Jeter By Making Routine Plays At Shortstop 
Parents Impressed By How Big Baby Has Gotten After Just 16 Months Of CrossFit 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of 5G Network, Countering White House 
“It is preposterous to assert that a virtuous believer like Mr. Trump would cheat on his beautiful wife so callously, and while their child was only months old. He was so concerned with the eternal state of Miss Daniels’ soul...." 
"Democratic Gulags" 😂😂😂😂 
A Stronger Germany Could Save Europe - 
In the next recession the #Fed might to turn to capping Treasury yields, a monetary policy maneuver that hasn't been employed since World War II. 💵🏛️ 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
Hillary: 'Sanders Would Be More Likable If He'd Just Have The People Who Don't Like Him Assassinated' 
All-time favourite gem from 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby . . . FETUS IMMEDIATELY EXPOSED TO HPV. 
Flash Boys in action 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 🤣🤣🤣 
McConnell ['Head on Pike'] Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
@Jason_Rowley @pointsnfigures @EddyElfenbein “Apple does not restrict itself to accepting funds from sophisticated investors. Apple invests the money of everyday investors, like a mutual fund—but without telling investors what they own, the most basic protection mutual funds offer” 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela - 
Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
Modern-Day Rebel Plans To Grow Up, Get Married, Be Productive Member Of Society 
CDC Urges Americans To Just Say No If Friend Offers Them Coronavirus 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
"Individual taxpayers are half as likely to get audited as they were in 2010, after tax enforcement by the IRS fell to the lowest level in at least four decades.” = result of repeated IRS budget cuts. @RichardRubinDC 
@oliverdarcy It looks like hit it pretty close to the mark, as usual. 
If #Bolton wants to tell what he knows, he doesn't need to wait to be ask to testify before the Senate. All this drama is about selling books - via John Bolton should tell the public what he knows. via 
Apple is dead set on keeping its costs low. For that, it deploys ‘the Blevinator’. Tony Blevins, master negotiator &amp; strategist 
Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
Heard on the Street: The unlikely winners from Boeing’s 737 MAX debacle 
In Genius Move, Trump Supports Impeachment, Forcing Democrats To Oppose 
LOL: "Adam #Schiff warned that if #Trump is not #impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election"~&gt; 
@Martin_Indyk: "Hard as it is for me to admit it, a two-state solution to the Palestinian problem is not a vital American interest." via 
@SenMcSallyAZ @timkaine Apparently, Martha's reelection is more important than the republic. 
It’s like his whole strategy is beating Trump! Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
- In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN - 
Renault is planning to name former Volkswagen executive Luca de Meo as its chief executive at an extraordinary board meeting this week via 
Harvard’s Chemistry Chair Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Out-Of-Touch, Aging 24-Year-Old Keeps Trying To Fit In With Cool Kids At Grammys 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
@shibboletsheva @jaketapper @CNNSotu Both sides 🙃 
‘Children of the Land’ comes out amid a broader conversation about authenticity in the literary world via @AlejandroLazo 
Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Defense Department official Laura Cooper says Kyiv wanted to know status of the nearly $400 million in security assistance via 
Governor Northam: 'Virginia Will Be Kept Comfortable While Lawmakers Debate Whether To Kill It' 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Pentagon Raises Number of U.S. Troops Injured in Iranian Attack to 50 
"U.S. consumers have seen prices rise for washing machines because of the tariffs." Of course. #protectionism #TheSwamp via 
Housing markets across the world, from the U.K. to China to Australia, are losing steam, holding back prospects for the global economy that last year grew at its slowest rate since the financial crisis. 
@realDonaldTrump Dear #LiarInChief, remember this?; “The White House directed the officials not to testify, arguing that congressional subpoenas for their depositions were invalid...” #coverup #AdderallTrump 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
Your doctor still has a fax machine in 2020? Blame the lack of inter-operability among #EHR systems, forcing reliance on faxes, snail mail and hand-carrying paper, which the EHR was supposed to eliminate. From 
What Do Amazon, Google and Salesforce Have in Common? In-House Music Groups. by @ChipCutter 
@JoQuinnbtchycat @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
Give us a break....unreal...GOP Doesn't Now Have Votes to Block Witnesses 
“This time it feels different,” says Adla Massoud, a Lebanese documentary filmmaker. “It’s not only about governance,” she says. “It’s about what it means to be Lebanese, regardless of religion, class or clan.” #lebanon #protests #hezbollah 
Oh the humanity!! 
@EntheosShines @AdamTrahan @fkandkk @WajahatAli Sorry comrade - this comes from Trump's own DOJ and the conservative Wall Street Journal "Gateway pundit" isn't your friend. Try again. 
British Airways said it had canceled all flights to mainland China, the first global airline to do so, as a dangerous new coronavirus spread around the world 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement | 
#MoscowMitch says @GOP DOES NOT have enough #Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses! @senatemajldr makes remarks in private Republican meeting! 
Chip, Joanna Gaines Hired To Install Shiplap On Border Wall 
Anarchy Symbol Updated To Appeal To Today's Teens 
The struggle with China is real. Every time we leave the door open to espionage/infiltration by Chinese agents, we undermine our national security and economic future, not to mention risk complicity with abhorrent civil rights and human rights abuses. 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Liberals Say Sanders’s Acceptance Of Rogan Endorsement Sends Dangerous Message He Trying To Win Election 
Xi Jinping Vows To Combat Coronavirus By Making It Illegal To Mention Within A Week 
Romney and the LDS Church will NEVER recover if because of him the Senate is FORCED to call witnesses 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
😂😂 Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Doctors across the U.S. are bracing for an epidemic of knife-related injuries on Super Bowl Sunday. The cause? Amateur guacamole makers accidentally stabbing, cutting and slicing their hands. @ailworth on avocado hand: 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - #immigration #migrants #PublicChargeRule #PublicCharge #SupremeCourt 
Here’s a swing tip China (where most of this s*** origins), stop eating bats, rats, mice, snakes and possum. Ughhh. Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 
When US defaults on the dollar, then #bitcoin and #ethereum will 🚀🌔 
U.K. Allows Huawei to Build Parts of #5G 
something like this would make a really, really good short story: 
Schiff warned that if Trump is not impeached, the American people may have a chance to tamper with the next election. "If President Trump is not impeached, the American people might... 
George Lucas Releases Special Edition Of The Bible Where Malchus Attacks Peter First 
Man Led To Christ After Christian In Comments Section Declares Him Total Moron 
Nation Immediately Forgets All About Historic Impeachment Trial After Realizing It's Taco Tuesday: 
New Star Trek Series Features Utopian Society Somehow Surviving Without Non-Binary Pronouns 
U.K. Court Orders Russians to Pay $900 Million Over Bank Collapse: 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Sneaker giant says it didn’t remove Kobe Bryant sneakers or merchandise from its website via 
@MDTeresa @SenWhitehouse The harrowing, heartbreaking story. 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 
@ManuelR38312662 @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump Which party runs on fiscal responsibility again? 
Striking Blow Against Toxic Masculinity, Man Graciously Allows Wife To Shovel Driveway Lol,way to go... 
#ImpeachmentHearings Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
⁦@AmitShahOffice⁩ US Supreme Court allows “implementing rules that make it easier to deny limited-income immigrants residency or admission to the U.S. because they use public-assistance programs or might use them in the future.” #CAA_NRC_NPR 
Top story: Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - see more 
Thread by @SethAbramson: BREAKING NEWS: Mitch McConnell Says He Does *Not* Have the Votes to Block Senate Witnesses who can't read the article, it appears Collins, Romney, Alexander and Murkowski are the reason McConnell says he… 
50,413 people injured slicing avocados! #SuperBowl #guacamole #avocado 
Buttigieg campaign faces personnel issues as Iowa caucuses near, with aides departing, and some nonwhite staffers criticizing a lack of inclusivity via 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Is the world ready for a synchronized housing slump? 
Don't give me hope 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
When satire really isn't... 
Oh, the horror! Congress Warns Impeachment Trial May Force Them To Work Grueling 30-Hour Weeks 
I just can’t anymore. 🤦‍♀️ 
Mitch Derangement Syndrome - Excellent piece by Bill McGurn in opinion 
Okay, fess up. Which of you moms is this? Homeschool Mom Goes On Brisk Morning Run With 18-Seat Jogging Stroller | 
#Trump’s former national security adviser has had a career-long tendency to speak his mind—no matter what, writes @GeraldFSeib #Bolton #ImpeachmentTrial #Ukraine #AmericansDemandWitnesses #AmericansWantDocuments #LevParnas #UkraineScheme #LevParnas 
In light of the charges against the Harvard chemistry professor, read about Thousand Talents and China's other "brain gain" programs in my book, "Spy Schools." 
@thehill The dam has already broken, Jared. You might have to go get a real job soon. 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally 
Let’s ask that Porn Star,Jim Bakker 
Bing 
Trump Makes Powerful Pro-Life Case By Speaking About The Joys Of Neglecting A Child 
The Pharmacist Is Out: Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters 
Charles Lieber, ⁦@Harvard prof,⁩ allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
Where can enterprises focus their energies and investments in 2020? Explore @DeloitteUS' article with @dhelfrich21. #CIOJournal 
@realDonaldTrump D.J.T. has a Jesus complex?!?!?! Why am I not surprised? "...who is doing more for Christians today? Not Jesus. He disappeared; no one knows what happened to him. But I’m out there every day protecting churches from crazy liberals.” 
I'm concerned if the takeaway from WeWork was "don't grow your core business too fast" and not "restrain your management to more conventional standards of corporate governance and don't waste a lot of money on extraneous unprofitable endeavors" 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime | 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring 
Press That Sicced Mob On Teenagers Based On 10-Second Video Clip Unsure Why Some People Call Them 'Fake News' 
.@80k_0k8 - It appears that Gorsuch doesn’t understand the injunctions or the chaos that will come from not issuing them. of 
You don't say. "The chair of Harvard University’s chemistry department was arrested Tuesday on charges of allegedly lying to the U.S. about millions in Chinese funding he has received," misleading about "participation in China’s Thousand Talents Plan." 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
Editorial Board Endorses That Lady Who Screamed At The Sky During Trump's Inauguration For The Democratic Primary #TornadoTrump 
Mutual-fund manager Catalyst Capital Advisors, which lost 20% with wrong-way bets against the stock market, agreed to pay $10.5 million to settle regulatory claims via 
TikTok Gets Political, Raising Concerns About Misinformation 
Theory MH270: Engines ran for 5 hours after lost contact. Lost contact point + radar shadow 30 min later, continue line for another 4.5hr B777 flt time = US bomber base, Diego Garcia. 
Trump unveils his Middle East peace plan that charts a course for two states for Israelis and Palestinians via 
Reagan did it to us and now @realDonaldTrump is doing it to us. Supply side just doesn't work. via 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
After Senseless Murder Of Goliath, Philistines Call For Ban On Fully Automatic, High-Capacity Slings 
Avg property tax bill in US ~$3,500, w many residents in #NewYork, #NewJersey, #Connecticut &amp; #California well over $10,000/year. So Long, California? Goodbye, Texas? Taxpayers Decide Some States Aren’t Worth It. New tax law benefiting Miami real estate 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
Since we're on the subject of Qatar thanks to Trump having a defense lawyer who works for a foreign government aka #PamBondi I'd like to find out why the Qatari government was paying Michael Cohen 
MY LATEST STORY: A bankruptcy judge in New York has ordered the adoption of a student loan mediation program to help borrowers and lenders solve their disputes. via Bankruptcy 
The Fed’s fresh injection of money, coupled with expiring older operations, left the overall amount of repo operations essentially the same 
Would have done nothing but good for this dumpster fire of a game 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign 
theofrancisRT greg_ip: Even though homes aren’t tradable, like soybeans or car parts, home prices across the world have become increasingly synchronized, and they're in a synchronized slowdown, sechaney reports. … 
Stock Market's January Barometer Is Still Bullish 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Trump Woos March For Life Crowd By Kissing Supporter’s Unborn Baby 
Neighbors Come Together To Watch BMW Owner Struggle In Snow 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts request for parliamentary immunity from prosecution on corruption charges 
Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott: He’s not just your president. As the leader of the free world — in a sense he’s everyone’s president, and the world needs him to succeed almost as much as America does. 
Past 48 hours have been raw, emotional, tragic &amp; shocking, especially w/ #Kobe now gone. Hopefully, let's make 1 minute count. #God has not abandoned us &amp; if we turn to #Jesus, then everything will be better. It all depends on us. 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally Why won't you people do things we said you would and say racist things we said you would do? Are you bigots or something? 
Oh no I missed Taco Tuesday! 
John Piper Gently Informs David Platt That Everyone Knows About 'Secret Church' | 
Report: Everyone Starting New Exciting Stage Of Life Except You 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses. Even in a quorum as biased as the Senate having an acquittal without witnesses can't be justified 
Call me Jason Sudeikis because I would happily punch this baby in the head. 
McConnell Says DEMS Have Votes to Call Impeachment Witnesses. 
We should absolutely hear from John Bolton as a witness during this impeachment trial. 
Palestinian leader Abbas rejects Middle East peace plan, saying, “We rejected this deal from the start and our stance was correct” 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - Another BIG OOPS 😬 boy oh boy Pete’s folks just don’t seem to get it! 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
First-Time Davos Attendee Can’t Believe How Many Seminars There Are About Running Secret Child-Molestation Ring #humor #feedly 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
This makes no sense at all. Why would the tenured chair of Harvard’s chemistry department lie to the NIH about receiving funding from China? 
THIS @GOP WOULD BE AN IMPROVEMENT OVER YOUR CORRUPT ASSES. Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
A plane full of Americans is preparing to escape Wuhan—but more aren’t leaving, having failed to get a seat or decided to ride out the outbreak via 
AOC Declares Stalin Was Actually Center-Right 
Nike Releases Bernie Sanders Signature Shoe That Helps You Survive Under Socialism 
THERE IS A GOD: "The move follows five straight years of declining applications to American M.B.A. programs, according to data from the nonprofit Graduate Management Admission Council, and a 14% drop in applications to Johns Hopkins over the same period." 
Three Classical Recordings Shadowed by Death 
My favorite part of this story is the editor reading the writers for filth on a live posting. 
Heaven help us if the American people have a say in the next presidential election. 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
So the #Democrats are telling everybody what they are going to do. 
.@AlanDersh is a flip-flopper...which is more than he was wearing when he received a “massage” from the sex trafficking victim at Epstein’s Pedophile Palace. 
@ryanridgley78 @SarahBDean @qdogg77 @stillCALLin @MarkDice @realDonaldTrump Again hardly a liberal rag.... 
NCAA Determines Becoming A Bengal Punishment Enough For Joe Burrow Taking Cash From Odell Beckham #SmartNews 
Warren Rejects Peace Pipe Offered By Sanders 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Babylon Bee continues to strike GOLD! Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child 
Report: More Unborn Babies In New York Identifying As Convicted Criminals So They Can't Legally Be Executed 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
@5starconsrvatv @Cubistcastle132 Wall Street Bankers Get Biggest Raise in Four Years 
Seems like a winning way to up their declining numbers of viewers. When satire mirrors reality CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
Mike Pompeo: ‘There Is Overwhelming And Undeniable Evidence To Support Going To War With Whoever’ 
markets: Regulators are set to propose removing the 3% limit on the stake banks can own in venture funds they offer to their clients 
Massive Plank Appears In Adam Schiff's Eye As He Accuses Trump Of Being A Liar 
Supreme Court Allows Trump to Implement Income-Based Restrictions on Immigration - 
Targets Credibility... 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach (Wall Street Journal) 
What is best in life? To crush the arguments of egalitarians, to see them driven to exegesis, and to hear their women reading Lamentations! Conan the Barbarian...probably The Bee Explains: Complementarianism Vs. Egalitarianism 
Here's the good news: The skills students learn through #NewsLiteracy - like the @Checkology virtual classroom - empower them to evaluate any misinformation, no matter the platform. #NewsLiteracyWeek @NewsLitProject 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Warning: Gang Of Known Criminals Holds Meeting To Discuss How Much Of Your Money To Steal 
Supermarkets Close Pharmacy Counters. Regional grocery chains get squeezed by consolidation. “I literally cried at the counter,” said a pharmacist who now works at Walgreens after his prescription-drug department at a small grocer closed. 
Government tells court it lacked probable cause in the last two of the four surveillance applications via 
“Polygenic scores are revolutionary because…[t]hey’re impervious to racism and other forms of prejudice.” -@charlesmurray Like many genetic tools, polygenic scores are developed using genetic databases that are disproportionately white. #gcchat 
What Kobe Bryant Meant - The Wall Street Journal 
Senate To Be Replaced With Room Full Of Monkeys Throwing Feces 
One of the world’s richest men, Jeff Bezos, and one of the most powerful princes, Mohammed bin Salman, have become archenemies, each accusing the other of betrayal via 
Socialist Steps On Another Rake Insisting That 79 Previous Attempts Weren't REAL Stepping On A Rake 
John Bolton Says He Will Testify In Exchange For Large Bucket Of Fish 
Advocates for Iranian-American community say holders of valid visas who come to study are wrongly turned back at airports as CBP adopts ‘enhanced posture’ 
Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 😂 
Arab Protesters Turn Away From the Tribe and Toward Nationalism 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN Congrats ⁦⁩ but I think you paid too much! 
@realDonaldTrump BREAKING : . . GOP doesn’t have enough votes to block impeachment witnesses via 
Bc this is what all countries do. 
Advances in genetic research will soon offer social scientists something they’ve never had before: a secure place to stand in assessing what in us is innate and comes from our environment, writes @charlesmurray via 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - 
Pelosi Releases Limited-Edition Replica Of Dentures Worn During Trump Impeachment 
Hilarious 😆 Blue Line Jumps 11 Percent 
Act Now to Prevent an American Epidemic - 
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early 
CBS Inks Deal For 30-Episode Bloomberg Ad 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding 
✨ In Major Deal... Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election 
Media Offers Thoughts And Prayers That Someone Would Start Some Violence At Gun Rights Rally | 
@Stardusty0407 @kathy_markovich It's a parody site: 
They've been wrong before! &gt;&gt;&gt; Risk of New Coronavirus Infections in U.S. Is Low, Health Officials Say 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses “The bar for impeachment cannot be set this low,” said Jay Sekulow, Excuse me but does that mean a BJ remains HIGH on the bar according to the terms of the GOP? 
Warren moved to establish “direct lines of communication w/execs of the most powerful financial firms n/d country.” While she attempted to project a hardline, no-nonsense attitude against Wall Street giants, she struck a friendly tone behind closed doors. 
Sen. Rick Scott Airs Anti-Biden Ad in Iowa because ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is scared shitless of ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ &amp; Rick is a fucking toadie ready to smear whoever Trump asks him to. #gopsmear #GOPCoverup #trumpisguilty 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via Wow! 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Francisco Partners, Hg to raise new technology-focused private-equity funds via 
They are already tampering with the 2020 election. They always accuse others on what they are doing; Democrats Warn That American People May Tamper With Next Election | 
The Wall Street Journal: How Putin Outfoxed Trump in Venezuela. via @GoogleNews 
The Tax Increases to Come.. 
Church Surrounded By Five Nursing Homes Asks God To Reveal Next Ministry Opportunity 
Kellyanne Conway Suggests MLK Would Have Opposed Trump Impeachment #WhatDoYouThink? 
Jailed drug company founder Martin Shkreli worked to block rivals from introducing generic forms of an anti-parasite drug, the Federal Trade Commission and the New York attorney general allege in a new lawsuit 
At the center of Davos, #ClimateChange and ideas for tackling the crisis were the main drivers of discussion. 
Criticism of China’s handling of the virus outbreak are breaking through its censorship machine, prompting Beijing to work harder to squelch dissent 
In markets where lawmakers are not enacting or pushing for rent rules, building prices have remained at peak levels via ⁦@PeterGrantwsj⁩, ⁦@_willparker_⁩ 
Funny for my fellow gun folks! 😸👊 New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
"Sonder, which leases apartments, adds furniture and sublets them by the night" look ma, i've invented the hotel 
@opinionchecks @SCunny01 @RobbieM22534350 @spreckles @ScottPresler @WolfeGlenda @realDonaldTrump You must work for CNN. You are a master at spin. Seriously, everyone who is ever in charge of classified data should just say how stupid they are after losing it and they will be free of all charges. 
Former Goldman Sachs Banker Pleads Guilty in Insider-Trading Case - 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. 
Republican Senators Don Trusty Googly-Eye Glasses In Order To Get Some Sleep During Impeachment Trial 
@MoveOn @BernieSanders moveon should apologize 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects 
Black Missionary Arrives At White Church To Teach Them How To Clap On Beat 
The head of the ECB’s banking arm says mergers could help eliminate ‘excess capacity’ and overlapping operations in national markets 
MUSIC, MAKES THE PEOPLE COME TOGETHER 🎵 ___ #amazon #google #salesforce 
Charles Lieber allegedly lied to Defense Department, National Institutes of Health about Chinese government funding via 
Some Americans said remaining in Wuhan seemed safer than getting on a plane full of people who could be carrying the virus—and who are expecting a quarantine once they land. “My dad is adamant about staying where he is." @jamestareddy @Liz_in_Shanghai 
#BENGHAZI When you have to tell people you are fun...... Let’s ask Stevens ! Oh we can’t he’s dead. 
Baker used to share his ‘gospel' like this: Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker 
"If the senator wants to win the backing of the national party, he will certainly have to answer for hobnobbing with this room full of people at the absolute lowest levels of power.” This is the DNC's problem, but it's great for us! #Bernie2020 
It's kind of true though. 
is a major influencer now... 
More brilliance from #Trump Lifts Obama-Era Protections Trapping Gangthor The Malevolent In Tomb Deep Within Murky Depths Of Pacific Ocean 
First Baptist Dallas Passes Out 'What Would Trump Do?' Bracelets During Service 
Wise counsel by the Ed Board. The John Bolton Report 
@DrLangworthy this article accurately describes me, only move the date to about 1998 :) 
Amid Criticism, Bernie Sanders Vows To Be More Generous With Your Money In The Future 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Real-estate veterans say the sale of late tech entrepreneur James V. Kimsey’s home sets a new bar for prices in the Washington, D.C., metro area. via 
Just be honest then nobody is thrown under the bus! Democrats ‘threw Joe Biden under the bus’: Senate Republicans say the impeachment efforts have hurt his 2020 bid via 
Grocery Pharmacy Woes. #healthcare #career #employment #resumewriter #careercoach #ConfidentCareerMoves 
BREAKING FROM DAVOS! Greta Thunberg Plummets Down Garbage Chute While Demanding Willy Wonka End Harmful Carbon Emissions Now 
Concerns about low inflation should keep the Fed on hold for a prolonged period, removing a major uncertainty for ebullient investors. via 
@Alyssa_Milano McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
Thanks To New Laws, VeggieTales Finally Introduces New Cannabis Character 
Will Silicon Valley remake San Jose in its own image? 
The body of the story doesn’t really mention what’s in the headline, but the headline, if true, is huge. 
@GOP This sounds a lot like Jesus Juice days, seriously, this was a year ago and you still coordinate campaign activities? 
The coronavirus is exposing Beijing’s public-health deficiencies. via 
Workers with criminal records make up around 80% of the company’s about 180 employees—and Nehemiah has learned that offering a job to people trying to turn their lives around is just half the battle. #cjreform #secondchances #schoolsnotprisons #reentry 
“plot” “The chair­man of Har­vard Uni­ver­si­ty’s chem­istryde­part­ment was ar­rested Tues­day foral­legedly ly­ing about re­ceiv­ing mil­lions in Chi­nese fund­ing,in an es­ca­la­tion of U.S.ef­forts to counter what of­fi­cials say is a plot by Bei­jing” 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
CNN Airs Free Commercial For Trump Campaign | . Lmfao!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Shocking New Study Finds You Will Not Live Forever What?! Love Babylon Bee 
Apple posted record revenue and a return to profit growth in its latest quarter behind strong sales of iPhones, apps and its AirPod wireless earbuds. 
Streetwise: Investors face triple uncertainty about the 2020 U.S. election outcome – and should be concerned 
Supreme Court to Look at Electoral College Rules 
@CNNPolitics Adam Schiff is as big a joke as CNN. 
“Bolton Pledges To Donate All Proceeds From Book Towards Killing Iranians” 
🇩🇪 MinDef @akk: “We can no longer avoid having more open and broad societal discussions on those questions. I am not afraid of them and as a party leader and minister of defense, I feel the duty to take a lead.” 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Being Outraged By Stupid Nonsense Replaces Baseball As National Pastime 
Good article. 
@realDonaldTrump The Fed is already propping up the Trump economy with massive cash infusions. 
Black-Metal Fan Conflicted About Supporting Artist Who’s Never Been Convicted Of Murder #satire #lol 
Cool to see this @wsj article about the #AmazonSymphonyOrchestra and other musical groups in tech! 🎻 
Dems Worried If Impeachment Fails They'll Have To Nominate Electable Candidate 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China 
Bernie Sanders Welcomed As Newest Member Of Alt-Right After Joe Rogan Endorsement 
Southwest and American said they remain in discussions with Boeing about appropriate compensation for their mounting costs @alyrose 
McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses 
A long-weekend guide to Palm Springs, packed with tips on where to eat, shop, hike through a desert canyon and soak in hot spring 
Tatcha founder Victoria Tsai on her new Smurf-blue balm and the trick to a perfect cat-eye via 
Northam vs KKK Octagon match 
China’s Huawei will be allowed to build parts of the U.K.’s next-generation 5G network, despite security concerns raised by the U.S. via 
Justice Roberts Sternly Admonishes Impeachment Participants To Remember They’re At Complete Farce Of A Trial 
Romney Makes 'Forceful' Case for Bolton Testimony at Closed-Door GOP Lunch 
From : Eli Manning Retires From NFL To Focus On Being Statistically Average Father 
U.S. Warns Iraq It Risks Losing Access to Key Bank Account if Troops Told to Leave - 
New, Deadlier AR-16 Introduced Which Is An AR-15 Wearing A MAGA Hat 
Saudi Crown Prince Calls Jeff Bezos To Casually Ask Him About His First Pet, Mother’s Maiden Name, And The Street He Lived On As A Child | #Satire 
@CharlesPPierce How Confidential Documents Get Stored at the White House 
» In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN | 
GOP Doesn’t Have Enough Votes to Block Witnesses 
I would bet that porn star never once said “Oh God”. ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
In Major Deal, Purchases Competing Satire Site CNN 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Charged on Alleged Undisclosed Ties to China - 
Governor Newsom Declares California A Coronavirus-Free Zone | @adamcarolla @drdrew 
New Law Allows Parents To Abort Non-Viable Millennials | 
CNN and Ignorance via 
Ralph Northam: 'A Militia Assembling To Defend Their Rights Against Tyranny Is A Dangerous First In American History' 
“Chinese communism now threatens the world with a massive medical disaster.” This is why the revolution in HK must continue! #HongKong ⁦@Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦@FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦@SolomonYue⁩ ⁦@hk_watch⁩ #WuFlu ⁦@Fight4HongKong⁩ #HK 
Dr. Anup Patel, who handles an average of 10 to 15 avocado-hand cases a year through his work with the Orlando Plastic Surgery Institute and the Orlando Hand Surgery Associates, said a Super Bowl-related surge wouldn’t be surprising. 
As governments seek to rein in the enormous power of tech giants, regulators’ antitrust and data-privacy efforts are converging via 
78% of #AmericansDemandWitnesses McConnell says the Senate GOP doesn’t have the votes to block calling witnesses. That’s a pathetic statement, McConnell, revealing the political lens you view impeachment through. 
The biggest scandal of our time 
Visa Offers New Dave Ramsey Credit Card With Credit Limit Of Zero 
Disney Capitalizes On Success Of Baby Yoda With Baby Jar Jar 
The Last Flight of Kobe Bryant’s Life - 
Buttigieg Campaign Faces Personnel Issues as Iowa Caucuses Approach - (Yea, and kissing a man on national TV didn’t help him either.) 
CNN Unveils New Format Where Hosts Just Watch Fox News And Yell At It 
@MxMarineMom @Trumping_girl @joelpollak @MSNBC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump That meme is misleading. Biden did that for U.S. national interest, not his personal interest of getting re-elected. He went on stage &amp; said it, because there was nothing wrong with it. Unlike Trump, who put his call on a secret server. 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
On Monday, a flight from Nagoya to Shanghai was delayed five hours after passengers refused to board with tourists from Wuhan. Passengers who had recently been to Hubei were seated separately and placed in quarantine upon arrival. @StephanieAYang 
@dailybeanspod This came 25 years too late for me, Big bummer. Check it out, you'll be glad you did. 
The defense team entered the day with the challenge of deciding which arguments to emphasize 
Joni Ernst Insists She Hasn’t Seen Any Impeachment Evidence That Has Changed Her Self-Serving Political Calculus 
FEMA Recommends Americans Always Have Go-Bag Packed In Case Past Finally Catches Up With Them 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. via 
.⁦@DanRather⁩ McConnell Says GOP Doesn’t Have Votes to Block Impeachment Witnesses - #ImpeachmentTrials #ImpeachmentHearings 
The U.S. national debt will rise to 98% of GDP by 2030, CBO projects via 
How Putin Outfoxed Trump in #Venezuela. #SOSVenezuela #Jan27th 
markets: The impact of the Wuhan coronavirus on oil prices may be sharper than that of the SARS outbreak, even if the epidemic is milder 
Concerns about the deadly new coronavirus are rising as cases spread. Scientists are racing to learn more about risks. 来自 
Books to snuggle up with all winter long: From the newest in fiction, to the classic reads we can’t put down right now. Here’s what the . staff is reading right now. 
@realmisterz03 @Neil8Rohrer @MomentoAnima @realP06o @SimonShark @krys10iam @MsMariaT @GovMikeHuckabee @realDonaldTrump @maddow Here's the data 
GOP doesn't have enough votes to block witnesses 
Praise Jesus! 'Trump Was Merely Sharing The Gospel With That Porn Star,' Explains Jim Bakker | 
